<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230508_10-K_edgar_data_1409175_0001683168-23-003018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>75303448</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>683978</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>70541224</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1458707</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1150128</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1316048</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>22</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-003018.hdr.sgml : 20230508
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230508124039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-003018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		311
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230508
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230508

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Motos America, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				392060052
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52879
		FILM NUMBER:		23896757

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3131 W 2210 S SUITE C
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-386-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3131 W 2210 S SUITE C
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WECONNECT Tech International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Contact Minerals Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-003018.txt : 20230508

10-K
 1
 motos_i10k-073122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________________
to________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

At January 31, 2023, the last business day of
the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of common
stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was based on the last reported sales price of 0.006. 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s
shares of common stock as of April 26, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

MOTOS AMERICA INC 

 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 For the Year Ended July 31, 2022 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 9 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 9 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 9 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities. 
 10 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved.] 
 12 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 13 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 18 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 18 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 18 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 19 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 20 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 25 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 28 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 29 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 30 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 31 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified
by words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, plans, 
 predicts, projects, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar
expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties,
which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause
or contribute to such differences in our actual results include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this 2022 Form 10-K, and in
particular, the risks discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A and those discussed in other documents we file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update forward-looking statements, except as
required by law. 

PART 1 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended July 31, 2022 (the 2022 Form 10-K ), we, our, us, Motos, and the Company 
refer to Motos America Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries at July 31, 2022, unless the context requires otherwise. 

The Company was incorporated under the laws of
the State of Nevada on April 26, 2007 under the name Contact Minerals Corp. , and later changed its name to Weconnect
Tech International, Inc. In November 2021 the Company filed Articles of Amendment with the State of Nevada whereby it changed its name
to Motos America Inc. 

The Company considers itself as a lifestyle company.
The Company develops new open points, buys and operates BMW Motorcycle, Triumph Motorcycle and Ducati Motorcycle dealerships. It is the
belief of the Company that these brands are not sold as practical transportation; instead, they are luxury items that buyers consume as
part of a more extensive and exclusive lifestyle choice. The Company has acquired four dealerships and plans to acquire more existing
dealerships and develop new open point dealerships. 

Change of Control 

On September 27, 2021, certain sellers of shares
of our common stock, including our former sole executive officer and director, Shiong Han Wee (collectively, the Seller ),
and our current chief executive officer, Vance Harrison (the Buyer entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated September
24, 2021, pursuant to which the Buyer agreed to purchase from the Sellers an aggregate of 1,454,943 shares of common stock of the Company
(the Common Shares and 33,334 shares of Series A Preferred Convertible Stock (the Preferred Shares ). The
Preferred Stock was issued to the Seller on September 24, 2021, as payment in full of all amounts owed by the Company and disposition
of the subsidiary to the Seller. 

The transaction resulted in the Buyer having approximately
91 of the voting control of the Company. 

Reverse Stock Split and Corporation Actions 

On November 1, 2021, the Board of Directors of
the Company authorized a one-for-three hundred (1-for-300) reverse stock split (the Reverse Split of the Company s
issued and outstanding Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, along with a name change, and elected to apply for a new trading symbol
and CUSIP number for its common shares. 

On November 17, 2021, the Company, filed with
the Secretary of the State of Nevada Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. These Restated Articles changed the name of the Company
to Motos America Inc., and the authorized the Reverse Split. On December 14, 2021, the Company, filed notice of these changes with the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and the Stock Split and corporate actions were effective as of June 16, 2022. 

1 

As a result of the Reverse Split, the number of
authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock was unchanged. All share and per share information in these financial statements retroactively
reflect this Reverse Stock Split. 

Market and Industry Data 

Some of the market and industry data contained
in this 2022 Form 10-K are based on independent industry publications or other publicly available information. Although we believe that
these independent sources are reliable, we have not independently verified and cannot assure you as to the accuracy or completeness of
this information. As a result, you should be aware that the market and industry data contained herein, and our beliefs and estimates based
on such data, may not be reliable. 

Our Company 

The Company believes that it is a lifestyle company.
The Company views the brands it sells as luxury items that buyers consume as part of a more extensive and exclusive lifestyle choice.
The Company develops and operates BMW Motorcycle, Triumph Motorcycle and Ducati Motorcycle dealerships, which the Company considers to
be premium brands. Fiscal year ended 2022 represented Ducati s best ever sales globally and was the brand s second best year
on record in the U.S. at 8,441 units. This figure establishes the U.S. as the second-best market for the brand outside of Italy, the brand s
home market. Within the US, BMW Motor reported record sales in 2022 of 17,690 units, representing a more than 10 increase over 2021. 

In the view of the Company, the premium European
motorcycle dealership industry is primed for consolidation. The Company believes that this industry disruption is similar to what has
occurred in the automotive dealership niche. The Company believes that consolidation in this niche will invite similar advantages of scale
associated with auto-dealer consolidations, namely better operating results flowing from professional management, branding and marketing
opportunities, as well as volume purchasing. The Company has already acquired four dealerships and has a letter of intent to acquire three
more. In addition, the Company is in the process of developing new dealerships in Atlanta, GA and Grisham Oregon. 

 Seasonality 

Historically, both the powersports and automotive
industries have been seasonal with traffic and sales strongest in the spring and summer quarters. Sales and traffic are typically slowest
in the winter quarter but increase typically in the spring season, coinciding with tax refunds and improved weather conditions. Given
this seasonality, we expect our quarterly results of operations, including our revenue, gross
profit, net income (loss), and cash flow to vary accordingly. Over time, we expect to normalize to seasonal trends by diversifying our
dealership holdings across the U.S., and by using data and logistics to move inventory to the optimal place, at the right time, at the
right price. 

Government Regulation 

Various aspects of our business are or may be
subject, directly or indirectly, to U.S. federal and state laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws or regulations may result
in the suspension or termination of our ability to do business in affected jurisdictions or the imposition of significant civil and criminal
penalties, including fines or the award of significant damages against us and our dealers in class action or other civil litigation. 

Vehicle Sales Regulations. Our sale
and purchase of vehicles, both new and pre-owned, related products and services and third-party finance products, are subject to the state
and local dealer licensing requirements in the jurisdictions in which we locations. Regulators of jurisdictions where our customers reside,
but in which we do not have a dealer or financing license could require that we obtain a license or otherwise comply with various state
regulations. Despite our belief that we are not subject to the licensing requirements of those jurisdictions in which we do not have a
physical presence, regulators may seek to impose punitive fines for operating without a license or demand we seek a license in those jurisdictions,
any of which may inhibit our ability to do business in those jurisdictions, increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

2 

Consumer Finance Regulations. The
financing we offer customers is subject to federal and state laws regulating the advertising and provision of consumer finance options,
the collection of consumer credit and financial information, along with requirements related to online payments and electronic funds transfers,
of whether Motos Finance or a third-party is the entity extending credit to such customers. Most states regulate retail installment sales,
including setting a maximum interest rate, caps on certain fees, or maximum amounts financed. In addition, certain states require that
finance companies file a notice of intent or have a sales finance license or an installment sellers license in order to solicit or originate
installment sales in that state. 

Environmental Laws and Regulations. We
are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that pertain to our operations. The regulations
concern material storage, air quality, waste handling, and water pollution control. The regulations also regulate our use and operation
of gasoline storage tanks, gasoline dispensing equipment, oil tanks, and paint use and storage, among other things. Our business involves
the use, handling, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, including motor oil, gasoline, solvents, lubricants, paints, and other
substances. We manage our compliance through permitting and operational control. 

Facilities and Personnel Regulation. Our
facilities and business operations are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health and safety, and
our employment practices are subject to various laws and regulations, including complex federal, state, and local wage and hour and anti-discrimination
laws. We may also be liable for employee misconduct and violations of laws or regulations to which we are subject. 

Federal Advertising Regulations. The
Federal Trade Commission FTC has authority to take actions to remedy or prevent advertising practices that it considers
to be unfair or deceptive and that affect commerce in the United States. If the FTC takes the position in the future that any aspect of
our business constitutes an unfair or deceptive advertising practice, responding to such allegations could require us to pay significant
damages, settlements, and civil penalties, or could require us to make adjustments to our products and services, any or all of which could
result in substantial adverse publicity, lost revenue, increased expenses, and decreased profitability. 

Federal Antitrust Laws. The antitrust
laws prohibit, among other things, any joint conduct among competitors that would lessen competition in the marketplace. A governmental
or private civil action alleging the improper exchange of information, or unlawful participation in price maintenance or other unlawful
or anticompetitive activity, even if unfounded, could be costly to defend and adversely impact our ability to maintain and grow our business.
In addition, governmental or private civil actions related to the antitrust laws could result in orders suspending or terminating our
ability to do business or otherwise altering or limiting certain of our business practices, including the manner in which we handle or
disclose pricing information, or the imposition of significant civil or criminal penalties, including fines or the award of significant
damages against us in class action or other civil litigation. 

Other Laws and Regulations. In addition
to these laws and regulations that apply specifically to our business, we are also subject to laws and regulations affecting public companies.
The violation of any of these laws or regulations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal penalties or in a cease-and-desist
order against our business operations, any of which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales
and results of operations. We have incurred and will continue to incur capital and operating expenses and other costs to comply with these
laws and regulations. 

The foregoing description of laws and regulations
to which we are or may be subject is not exhaustive, and the regulatory framework governing our operations is subject to continuous change.
The enactment of new laws and regulations or the interpretation of existing laws and regulations in an unfavorable way may affect the
operation of our business, directly or indirectly, which could result in substantial regulatory compliance costs, civil or criminal penalties,
including fines, adverse publicity, loss of participating dealers, lost revenue, increased expenses, and decreased profitability. Further,
investigations by government agencies, including the FTC, into allegedly anticompetitive, unfair, deceptive or other business practices
by us, could cause us to incur additional expenses and, if adversely concluded, could result in substantial civil or criminal penalties
and significant legal liability. 

Employees 

As of July 31, 2022, we had approximately
58 full time and 0 part-time employees. 

3 

Available Information 

Our Internet website is www.motosamerica.com .
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
are available, free of charge, under the Investor Relations tab of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Additionally, the SEC maintains a website located at www.sec.gov that contains
the information we file or furnish electronically with the SEC. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Described
below are certain risks to our business and the industry in which we operate. You should carefully consider the risks described below,
together with the financial and other information contained in this 2022 Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. If any of the
following risks occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows, or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. As a result, our future results could differ materially from historical
results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations for future financial performance and the trading price of our common
stock could decline. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

Competition from other Powersports Groups. 

The Powersports industry is full of competitors,
many of whom are more experienced and better capitalized than the Company. This competition exists not only at the dealership level, but
also in the express niche of the Company as consolidators of motorsports dealerships. The presence of these Powersports dealer group competitors
may negatively impact the Company in various ways, including but not limited to the following: (i) These competitors may be able to bid
more aggressively than the Company for the acquisition of available dealerships; (ii) These competitors, many of whom have greater buying
power, may be able to make more favorable deals with motorcycle manufacturers and other suppliers of parts and accessories; (iii) These
competitors may be able to offer better financing and insurance rates to customers. 

Competition from Automotive Groups . 

In addition to competition from Powersports dealer
groups, there are many very well-established automotive dealer groups in the U.S. such as AutoNation Inc. of Fort Lauderdale FL (autonation.com)
Penske Automotive Group Inc. of Bloomfield Hills MI (penskeautomotive.com) and Sonic Automotive Inc. of Charlotte NC (sonicautomotive.com).
Some automotive dealer groups have begun to venture into powersports dealerships. Notably, Zeigler Auto Group of Kalamazoo MI (zeigler.com),
which operates 78 automotive franchises across 35 locations. also operates Zeigler Motorsports, an 85,000-square-foot motorsports dealership
offering 19 different Powersports brands. In addition Sonic Automotive has recently entered into a letter of intent to buy Black Hills
Harley-Davidson, who operates 5 Harley-Davidson dealerships in the Midwest. The Company expects that more and more automotive dealer groups
will begin to compete in the Powersports segment. 

The Company cannot be certain of its future profitability. 

The Company has only recently acquired its first
4 operating motorcycle dealerships, and as such does not have an extensive operating history. The Company may incur losses in the foreseeable
future as the Company continues to staff the organization and increase expenditures for the acquisition of additional Powersports dealerships
in multiple states. The time required to become profitable is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that the Company will achieve profitability
on a sustained basis, if at all. Among the factors which may negatively impact the profitability of the Company, include but are not limited
to (i) the ability to acquire Powersports dealerships, (ii) the ability of the Company to manage and supervise these dealerships, (iii)
the Company s ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, (iv) specific economic conditions in the motorcycle market
and/or in the Powersports industry including the seasonality of said business, (v) general economic conditions, (vi) other un-enumerated
or un-foreseen factors. 

4 

Our annual and quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. 

We expect our operating results to be subject
to annual and quarterly fluctuations, and they will be affected by numerous factors, including: (i) a change in consumer discretionary
spending; (ii) a shift in the mix and type of vehicles we sell which could result in lower sales price and lower gross profit; (iii) seasonality
and weather, which may impact the ability or desire for potential end customers to consider whether they wish to own a powersports and
recreational vehicle; (iv) the timing and cost of, and level of investment in the purchase or development of additional Powersports dealerships
which may change from time to time; (v) our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; (vi) future accounting pronouncements
or changes in our accounting policies; and (vii) the changing and volatile U.S., European and global economic environments and exchange
rates. 

We depend on key personnel to operate our business. 

We believe our success will depend on the efforts
and talents of our executives and employees, including Vance Harrison, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Kris Odwarka, our
President. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled
employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. In addition, the loss
of any of our senior management or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and strategy,
and we may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. Our executive officers are at-will employees, which
means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be
extremely difficult to replace. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or
other key employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business
could be materially and adversely affected. 

We rely on third-party financing providers to finance a portion
of our customers vehicle purchases. 

We rely on third-party financing providers to
finance a portion of our customers vehicle purchases. Accordingly, our revenue and results of operations are partially dependent
on the actions of these third parties. We provide financing to qualified customers through a number of third-party financing providers
including BMW Financial Services. If one or more of these third-party providers cease to provide financing to our customers, provide financing
to fewer customers or no longer provide financing on competitive terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales
and results of operations. Additionally, if we were unable to replace the current third-party providers upon the occurrence of one or
more of the foregoing events, it could also have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. We rely on
third-party providers to supply other aftermarket insurance, warranty and financial service products to our customers. Accordingly, our
revenue and results of operations will be partially dependent on the actions of these third-parties. If one or more of these third-party
providers cease to provide such products, make changes to their products or no longer provide their products on competitive terms, it
could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue and results of operations. Additionally, if we were unable to replace the
current third-party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could also have a material adverse effect
on our business, revenue and results of operations. 

Our sales of powersports vehicles may be adversely impacted by
increased supply of and/or declining prices for pre-owned powersports vehicles and excess supply of new powersports vehicles. 

We believe when prices for pre-owned powersports
vehicles have declined, it can have the effect of reducing demand among retail purchasers for new powersports vehicles at or near manufacturer s
suggested retail prices. Further, the manufacturers of powersports and recreational vehicles can and do take actions that influence the
markets for new and pre-owned powersports vehicles. For example, introduction of new models with significantly different functionality,
technology or other customer satisfiers can result in increased supply of pre-owned powersports and recreational vehicles, and a corresponding
decrease in price of pre-owned powersports vehicles. Also, while historically manufacturers have taken steps designed to balance production
volumes for new powersports vehicles with demand, those steps have not always proven effective. In other instances, manufacturers have
chosen to supply new powersports vehicles to the market in excess of demand at reduced prices which has the effect of reducing demand
for pre-owned powersports and recreational vehicles. 

5 

We are an emerging growth company 
under the JOBS Act of 2012, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will
make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ), and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenue exceeds
 1.1 billion , if we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible
debt in a three-year period, or if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million. 

Even if we no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, we may still be subject to reduced reporting requirements so long as we are considered a smaller reporting
company. 

Many of the exemptions available for emerging
growth companies are also available to smaller reporting companies like us that have less than 75 million of worldwide common equity
held by non-affiliates. So, although we may no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still be subject to reduced reporting
requirements. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result,
stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of
our common stock. 

Effective internal controls over financial reporting
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed
to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could
cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal
controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to
our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

We are required to disclose changes made in our
internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management will be required to assess the effectiveness of these controls
annually. However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public
accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls
could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 

6 

Competition at the Dealership Level. 

To attain and maintain profitability and viability
in the market, the individual dealerships under the Company management group must compete at the individual dealership level for customers
and sales in their respective local markets. The Powersports industry has traditionally been dominated by smaller operators, sometimes
characterized as mom and pop stores. While the Company hopes to bring certain advantages of group buying and professional
management to its stores, each dealership under the Company umbrella of companies must ultimately compete with other dealerships for each
sale. Some of these mom and pop stores are well established with loyal customer bases and a wealth of operational knowledge.
On the other hand, in some markets, the dealerships under Company management will compete with other dealerships that are part of other
motorsports management groups. Some of these dealerships are very likely to be well run, well established, and with loyal customer bases,
in addition to the advantages the Company expects to enjoy from group buying and professional management. From one market to another this
competition at the dealership level may be different, and of more or less risk. But the full or partial failures of individual dealerships
to attain the results expected by the Company can adversely and significantly impact the profitability and maybe even the viability of
the Company. 

Competition from other Brands. 

The Company plans continue to specialize in the
three Premium European Motorcycle brands, which is a relatively small niche of the overall Power Sports industry. Five motorcycle brands
Harley-Davidson, Honda, Yamaha, Kawasaki, and Suzuki, currently dominate the market for motorcycles in the U.S., enjoying a combined market
share of approximately 80 . These manufacturers and their dealers, and dealer networks, along with other brands and manufactures may be
able to develop products with greater market appeal and reach, negatively impacting the prospects of the three Premium European Motorcycle
brands. 

Reliance on Luxury Brands. 

The three Premium European Motorcycle brands,
Triumph, BMW, and Ducati, are luxury brands, and at the high end of the Powersports industry, both in terms of motorcycles and clientele.
The three offer a wide range of motorcycles across most segments including Super-Sport , Sport , Touring ,
 Adventure , Naked/Standard and Dual-Sport motorcycles. These manufacturers offer motorcycles from
just over 5,000 to in excess of 50,000, having recently ventured into the lower end of the market to serve new and younger customers.
The market for luxury brands has historically been more volatile than other segments of the motorsports industry and represents an additional
risk to the Company. The Company attempts to mitigate the inherent Premium market risk by diversifying across the above three brands and
across different geographies in the US: (i) Ducati . Ducati, which is owned by Volkswagen AG, claims a 10 market share in the U.S.
among its target audience. 2021 was its record year in the USA, with the US outperforming all major markets world-wide. (ii) BMW .
BMW Motorrad operates in the premium segment of the global motorcycle sector. BMW sales worldwide achieved their all-time record in 2021.
However, there was a drop in sales in the USA before the business disruption of the pandemic, with a recovery in 2022 yielding BMW Motorrad's
second-best sales volume year in its US history. (iii) Triumph . Triumph s lineup of motorcycles starts at around 10,000
and rises to nearly triple that. In 2021, Triumph also notched all-time record sales world-wide, led by the US market. 

Environmental Concerns and Risks. 

All internal combustion-engine vehicles face intense
pressure to become more environmentally friendly. While motorcycles have largely evaded this scrutiny from regulators as modes of transportation,
there is no assurance that this will remain the case. The brands that make up the foundation of the business of the Company are not generally
considered transportation, but rather sport vehicles, and as such may become subject to future regulations at either a state or national
level well in advance of other segments of the motorcycle market. While there have been some initial efforts to move away from internal
combustion engines in motorcycles generally, the specific niche of the Company, luxury European sports bikes, is not likely to be able
to migrate, at least in its current configuration, to any sort of environmentally friendly fuel or alternative power structure in the
foreseeable future. 

7 

Changes in franchise policies. 

The Company operates as a franchisee of one or
more of the three Premium European Motorcycle brands at each of its locations and prospective locations. From time to time, the Premium
European Motorcycle manufacturers change their franchise agreements and operational policies. Such policies may affect such things as
capital standards at each dealership, required inventory levels, signage and other fit-up at the dealership location, and the ability
of the Company to co-locate multiple brands within a single location. Such changes may have a deleterious effect on the operation of the
Company, and may cause the Company to modify its acquisition plans. Furthermore, such changes may affect the ability of the Company to
find liquidity in its investment in acquired dealerships. While each state has franchise laws that to some degree protect the Company,
and other franchisees of the three Premium European Motorcycle brands, no assurance can be offered that future changes in the franchise
agreements under which the Company operates, will not adversely affect the operations and prospective operations of the Company. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

One shareholder owns a significant percentage of our stock and
is able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

Vance Harrison, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, owns approximately 68.7 of our voting shares. As a result Mr. Harrison has the ability to determine all matters requiring stockholder
approval. For example, he is able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents approval of any merger,
sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our
common stock that you may believe are in your best interest as a stockholder or to take other action that you may believe are not in your
best interest as a stockholder. This may also adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

Because our Common Stock may be deemed a low-priced penny 
stock, an investment in Common Stock should be considered high risk and subject to marketability restrictions. 

When the trading price of our Common Stock is
 5.00 per share or lower, it is deemed a penny stock, as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act, and subject to the penny stock
rules of the Exchange Act specified in rules 15g-1 through 15g-10. Those rules require broker-dealers, before effecting transactions in
any penny stock, to: (i) deliver to the customer, and obtain a written receipt for, a disclosure document; (ii) disclose certain price
information about the stock; (iii) disclose the amount of compensation received by the broker-dealer or any associated person of the broker-dealer;
(iv) send monthly statements to customers with market and price information about the penny stock; and (v) in some circumstances, approve
the purchaser s account under certain standards and deliver written statements to the customer with information specified in the
rules. 

Anti-takeover
provisions may limit the ability of another party to acquire us, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

Nevada law and our charter, bylaws,
and other governing documents contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us, even if doing
so may be beneficial to our stockholders, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

8 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

At July 31, 2022, our operations comprised
four (4) powersports retail locations and one (1) other Salt Lake City location that serves as our corporate and administrative head office
needs. The Company does not own any of these locations. 

Dealership Name 
 Address 
 Brands Offered 
 
 BMW Motorcycles of Portland 
 12010 SW Garden Place, Tigard, OR 97223 
 BMW 
 
 Triumph Portland 
 13705 SW Farmington Rd., Beaverton, OR 97005 
 Triumph 
 
 BMW Motorcycles of Eugene 
 2891 W 11th Ave., Eugene, OR 97405 
 BMW, Triumph 
 
 Motos America Nashville 
 288 White Bridge Pike, Nashville, TN 37209 
 BMW, Ducati 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations
and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other
legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that
has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable. 

9 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Change of Control 

On September 27, 2021, certain sellers of shares
of our common stock, including our former sole executive officer and director, Shiong Han Wee (collectively, the Seller ),
and our current chief executive officer, Vance Harrison (the Buyer entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated September
24, 2021, pursuant to which the Buyer agreed to purchase from the Sellers an aggregate of 1,454,943 shares of common stock of the Company
(the Common Shares and 33,334 shares of Series A Preferred Convertible Stock (the Preferred Shares ). The
Preferred Stock was issued to the Seller on September 27, 2021, as payment in full of all amounts owed by the Company and disposition
of the subsidiary to the Seller. 

The transaction resulted in the Buyer having approximately
91 of the voting control. 

Reverse Stock Split and Corporation Actions 

On November 1, 2021, the Board of Directors of
the Company authorized a one-for-three hundred (1-for-300) reverse stock split (the Reverse Split of the Company s
issued and outstanding Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, along with a name change, and elected to apply for a new trading symbol
and CUSIP number for its common shares. 

On November 17, 2021, the Company, filed with
the Secretary of the State of Nevada Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. These Restated Articles changed the name of the Company
to Motos America Inc., and the Reverse Stock Split. On December 14, 2021, the Company, filed notice with the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA) and the Stock Split and corporate actions were effective as of June 16, 2022. 

As a result of the Reverse Split, the number of
authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock was unchanged. 

All share and per share information in the financial
statements, included in this Form 10-K, retroactively reflect this Reverse Stock Split. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed for quotation on the
Expert Market of the OTC Markets under the symbol MTAM . 

There is an established current public market
for the shares of our Common Stock which trade and are quoted bid/ask on the OTC Markets. Other than the OTC Markets quotation, there
can be no assurance that a liquid market for our securities will ever develop. Transfer of our Common Stock may also be restricted under
the securities or blue-sky laws of various states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their
investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time. 

Empire Stock Transfer Inc. at 1859 Whitney Mesa
Dr., Henderson, NV 89014 (Telephone: (702) 818-5898), is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. 

Holders of Common Stock 

On April 25, 2023, the shareholders list
showed 401 shareholders with 7,136,416 shares of common stock outstanding. 

10 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends.
We currently do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future on the shares of common stock. We intend to reinvest any earning
in the development and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common stockholders will be payable when, as and
if declared by our board of directors, based upon the Board's assessment. Therefore, there can be no assurance that any dividends on the
common stock will ever be paid. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Description and Material Terms of Unregistered Securities Sold : 

During the FY ended July 31, 2022 the Company sold 5 types of unregistered
securities: 

1. Common Voting Shares, 0.001 par value . Common voting shares of the Company were offered at 2.00
per share. 
 
 2. Series A Convertible Bonds . Series A Convertible Bonds are 1,000 face value bonds which bear a
6 coupon rate. Interest is accrued and payable at the end of each calendar quarter. Series A Convertible Bonds are convertible into Shares
at the rate of 200 common voting shares each. Series A Convertible Bonds mature on December 31, 2028. 
 
 3. Series B Convertible Bonds . Series B Convertible Bonds are 1,000 face value bonds, with an 18 
coupon rate. Interest is accrued and payable at the end of each calendar quarter. Series B Convertible Bonds are convertible into Shares
at the rate of 400 common voting shares each. Series B Convertible Bonds mature on December 31, 2028. 
 
 4. Series A Convertible Debentures . Series A Convertible Debentures are 500,000 face value debentures.
The Series A Convertible Debentures bear an annual rate of 10 simple. Interest is accrued and payable at the end of each calendar quarter.
Series A Convertible Debentures are convertible into 150,000 common voting shares each. The Series A Convertible Debentures mature on
December 31, 2026. 
 
 5. Series A Warrants . Series A Warrants are for the purchase of 10,000 post-split Shares, at a strike
price of 1.00 to 2.00 per Share. The Series A Warrants may be exercised for a period of 24 months beginning January 1st 2022 at a strike
price of 1.00 per Share. In addition, Series A Warrants may be exercised for 12 months beginning January 1st 2024 and ending December
31st 2024 at a price of 2.00 per share. Unexercised Warrants shall expire at 12:01 a.m. Mountain Daylight Time on January 1 2025. Series
A Warrants may only be exercised in toto. 

The following table represents the sale of these
unregistered securities during the preceding fiscal year: 

Security Type 
 Number Sold 
 Price Each 
 Dollar Amount Sold 
 Conversion Rights (Common Shares Each) 
 Fully Converted Common Share Count 
 
 Common Shares 
 760,000 
 2.00 
 1,520,000 
 NA 
 760,000 
 
 Class A Warrants 
 36 
 1.00 
 36 
 10,000 
 360,000 
 
 Series A Debentures(1) 
 3 
 500,000 
 1,500,000 
 150,000 
 450,000 
 
 Series A Bonds (2) 
 1,620 
 1,000 
 1,620,000 
 200 
 324,000 
 
 Series B Bonds (3) 
 365 
 1,000 
 365,000 
 400 
 146,000 

5,005,036 
 
 2,101,000 

11 

Reason for the sale/Use of Proceeds : The
Company sold these securities to finance its acquisitions and operating losses. The details of Company operations, including acquisition
of 4 operating motorcycle dealerships are found in the financial statements appended to this filing. 

Offering exemption : The Company believes
that these securities transactions were exempt from registration under Regulation D, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and
various provisions of the laws in the states where the investors in these securities reside. 

Risk Factors : The Company has availed itself
to certain risks by undertaking the sale of unregistered securities, including, but not limited to the following: 

1. Legal and regulatory risk: Selling unregistered securities can be a violation of federal and state securities
laws. Companies that sell unregistered securities can face civil and criminal penalties, as well as injunctions or other court orders
that could restrict or prohibit their ability to sell securities in the future. 
 
 2. Investor risk: Unregistered securities are typically sold to sophisticated investors who are expected
to have the knowledge and experience to assess the risks and potential rewards of the investment. However, if the investment fails to
deliver the expected returns, investors may sue the company for fraud, misrepresentation, or other claims, which could result in significant
financial losses and damage to the company's reputation. 
 
 3. Market risk: Selling unregistered securities can limit a company's ability to access public markets, which
can make it more difficult to raise capital in the future. The company may also face difficulties in attracting and retaining investors,
which can affect its valuation and liquidity. 
 
 4. Disclosure risk: Companies that sell unregistered securities may not be subject to the same disclosure
requirements as publicly traded companies. This lack of transparency can make it difficult for investors to assess the risks and benefits
of the investment, which could lead to lower investor confidence and reduced demand for the company's securities. 
 
 5. Reputation risk: Selling unregistered securities can damage a company's reputation, particularly if investors
suffer significant losses as a result of the investment. This could make it more difficult for the company to attract and retain customers,
suppliers, and other stakeholders. 
 
 6. Operational risk: Companies that sell unregistered securities may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny
and oversight, which could divert resources and attention away from core business activities. This could lead to operational inefficiencies
and higher costs, which could negatively impact the company's profitability. 
 
 7. Financial risk: Selling unregistered securities can increase a company's leverage and financial risk,
particularly if the company uses the proceeds to fund operations or make acquisitions. This could increase the company's debt levels and
interest expenses, which could reduce profitability and limit the company's ability to invest in growth opportunities. 
 
 8. Liquidity risk: Unregistered securities are typically less liquid than publicly traded securities, which
can make it difficult for investors to sell their holdings and for the company to raise capital in the future. This lack of liquidity
could limit the company's ability to respond to changing market conditions or to pursue strategic opportunities. 

Other information : Subsequent to the 7/31/2022
year end, all but 30 Series A-Bonds have been converted into common shares. As result, these sales of unregistered securities and the
conversion thereof, the Company has issued 1,735,000 common shares, and may issue 6,000 additional shares if and when the remaining 30
Series A Bonds convert into common shares. In addition, there are 36 A-Warrants outstanding, which may be exercised into 360,000 additional
shares for a payment of between 360,000 and 720,000 in the future. 

The funds raised by the Company were used to pay for acquisitions and
to fund operating losses. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED.] 

12 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction
with, our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes included in this 2022 Form 10-K. Unless differences among
reportable segments are material to an understanding of our business taken as a whole, we present the discussion in this MD A on a
consolidated basis. Terms not defined in this MD A have the meanings ascribed to them in the Consolidated Financial Statements. All
dollars are reported in thousands, except per share and per unit amounts. 

Organization 

The Company was incorporated under the laws of
the State of Nevada on April 26, 2007 under the name Contact Minerals Corp. , and later changed its name to Weconnect
Tech International, Inc. In November, 2021 the Company filed Articles of Amendment with the State of Nevada whereby it changed its name
to Motos America Inc. 

Overview 

The Company considers itself as a lifestyle company.
The Company develops new open points, buys and operates BMW Motorcycle, Triumph Motorcycle and Ducati Motorcycle dealerships. It is the
belief of the Company that these brands are not sold as practical transportation; instead, they are luxury items that buyers consume as
part of a more extensive and exclusive lifestyle choice. The Company has acquired four dealerships and plans to acquire more existing
dealerships and develop new open point dealerships. 

The Company s business office is located
at 3131 W 2210 So, Suite C Salt Lake City, Utah 84119. 

Motos s powersports business primarily offers
motorcycles comprised of 3 main brands: BMW motorcycles, Triumph Motorcycles and Ducati motorcycles. To a much lesser extent a few other
brands of motorcycles, motor scooters, and other vehicles are offered at select locations. 

Key Operating Metrics 

 We regularly review several Key Operating Metrics
as pertains to our business across our dealership network. We budget for and benchmark to the revenue profiles and gross profit margins
of each segment of our business. In aggregate, these business segments can be thought of in two broad categories: Sales and After Sales.
Sales is typically considered to be inclusive of the sales of new and used motorcycles in addition to the Finance and Insurance (F I)
products sold along with them. After Sales is typically considered to be inclusive of all Service and Parts. 

Revenue 

 The Revenue of our business is synonymous with
the sales generated. 

Within the Sales and After Sales categories, we
have the four income streams discussed above. The Sales segment is typically viewed in the context of unit volume, while After Sales is
viewed as being more independent of that volume. Each of these categories has more granular components which we monitor regularly. We
discuss more in depth in the Gross Profit segment below. 

Gross Profit 

 The Gross Profit of our business is the sales
generated for a given segment less the cost for those sales. 

13 

The Gross Profit profile for our dealerships can
be thought of in two broad categories: Sales and After Sales. In turn, each of these categories has their own sub-components that we budget
for and track independently. For sales, the components are new front-end gross, used front-end gross, and F I gross. The front-end
gross on a motorcycle is the difference between the retail price to the customer and the invoice cost to the dealership. All of these
sales components are viewed in conjunction with new and used unit volume. For After Sales, the components are labor gross, and PAA gross.
Both of these metrics are considered to be somewhat independent of the sales process and are therefore tracked separately. 

Unit Count 

 As mentioned, the Sales category is highly correlated
with unit volume. We view many metrics as a ratio of unit count as detailed below. Additionally it is often useful to view unit count
in conjunction with other metrics such as OEM unit count, new and used unit count, etc. 

Gross Profit per Unit 

 As mentioned, we believe the sales category is best suited to tracking
in conjunction with unit volume since the two are inherently tied. This Sales Gross Profit per unit encompasses both the front-end gross
profit of selling a unit along with the finance and insurance gross along with that unit. Both are part of the Sales category. After Sales
is viewed and tracked somewhat independently and not on a per unit basis. Although we do monitor our PAA Gross Profit per new unit retailed
as a key metric, it is a subcomponent of the overall PAA Gross Profit profile . 

Results of Operations 

For the year ended July 31, 2021, the Company
was a shell status . In September 2021, our former sole executive officer and director, Shiong Han Wee (collectively, the Seller ),
and our current chief executive officer, Vance Harrison (the Buyer entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement. The Company
commenced new business. The Company develops new open points, buys and operates BMW Motorcycle, Triumph Motorcycle and Ducati Motorcycle
dealerships. It is the belief of the Company that these brands are not sold as practical transportation; instead, they are luxury items
that buyers consume as part of a more extensive and exclusive lifestyle choice. The Company has acquired four dealerships and plans to
acquire more existing dealerships and develop new open point dealerships. 

Our results for operations for the year
ended July 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: 

Motos Total Company Metrics 

Year Ended 

July 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Vehicle sales-new 
 11,428,282 

Vehicle sales -used 
 3,444,212 

Parts, service and accessories 
 4,387,262 

Finance and insurance 
 918,477 

Total revenues 
 20,178,233 

Gross Profit : 

Vehicle sales-new 
 1,211,996 

Vehicle sales-used 
 563,848 

Parts, service and accessories 
 1,775,635 

Finance and insurance 
 835,503 

Total Gross Profit 
 4,386,982 

Operating expenses 
 6,540,985 

Operating loss 
 2,154,003 

Other income 
 42,485 

Net loss 
 2,111,518 

14 

Year Ended 

July 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Vehicles Sold: 

New 
 576 

Used 
 282 

Total vehicles sold 
 858 

Revenue per Unit Sold: 

Vehicles -new 
 19,841 

Vehicles -used 
 12,214 

Gross Profit per Unit: 

Vehicles -new 
 2,104 

Vehicles -used 
 1,999 

Revenue 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the total
vehicles revenue was 14,872,494 11,428,282 new vehicles and 3,444,212 used vehicles). On a unit basis, the Company sold 576 new and
282 used vehicles. During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company earned 4,387,262 for sales of parts, services and accessories and
 918,477 for financing and insurance. 

Gross Profit 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the total
gross profit for new and used vehicles were 1,211,996 and 563,848, respectively. The gross profit per unit for sold vehicles was 2,104
and 1,999 for new and used, respectively. During the year ended July 31, 2022, the total gross profit of parts, service and accessories
was 1,775,635 and for financing and insurance was 835,503. 

Other Income 

For the year ended July 31, 2022, the other income
consisted of 498,935 income mostly from manufacturer incentives and rebates, reduced by interest expenses of 280,628 and other miscellaneous
expenses of 175,822. 

Operating Expenses 

For the year ended July 31, 2022, the operating
expenses consisted of 2,885,534 selling, general and administrative expenses, 813,810 professional fees and 2,841,641 payroll expenses. 

Selling and General Administrative Expense 

Selling and general administrative expenses include
costs and expenses for advertising and marketing, development and operating our product procurement and distribution system managing and
logistics system and other overhead expenses. Selling and general administrative expenses will continue to increase in future periods
as we execute and aggressively expand our business through increased marketing spending and the addition of management and support personnel
to ensure we adequately develop and maintain operational, financial and management controls as well as our reporting systems and procedures,
but we anticipate they will decline as a percentage of sales revenue. Selling and general administrative expenses consisted of 317,048
advertising and marketing, 27,608 warranty and customer goodwill, 407,613 sales and F I compensation, 320,998 outsider services
to customers, 698,463 rent expenses, 105,861 depreciation, 216,641 insurance, 184,516 travel and entertainment and 606,786 other
general administrative expenses. 

15 

Depreciation expenses of 105,861 was for the
Company s vehicles, furniture, fixture and equipment and were amortized during useful life of 5-7 years. 

Professional Fees 

For the year ended July 31, 2022, the professional
fess of 813,810 consisted of 73,727 accounting, 157,155 legal and 582,928 consulting and other professional fees. For a significant
portion of the year ended in July of 2021, the Company employed minimal staff and relied upon Wilson Hand Pty for many of its day to day
business operational activities. In August of 2022, the Company severed its relationship with Wilson Hand, and replaced their services
entirely with Company staff personnel. 

Payroll Expenses 

For the year ended July 31, 2022, the payroll
expenses of 2,841,641 was related to management and employee for wages, compensation, benefits and stock option expenses 63,522). 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of liquidity are available
cash, amounts available under our floor plan lines of credit, and monetization of our retail loan portfolio. During the year ended July
31, 2022, we completed a a private equity offering that provided net proceeds of 1,487,000 and we obtained 2,583,818 in borrowings from
vehicle Floor Plan notes payable, 3,485,000 proceeds from convertible notes and 50,000 proceeds from exercise of warrants. 

Our consolidated financial statements reflect
estimates and assumptions made by management that affect the carrying values of the Company s assets and liabilities, disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The judgments, assumptions
and estimates used by management are based on historical experience, management s experience, and other factors, which are believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions made by management, actual results could
differ materially from these judgments and estimates, which could have a material impact on the carrying values of the Company s
assets and liabilities and the results of operations. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to our business
and our results of operations and financial condition as conditions evolve as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting Demand/Supply
Imbalances. 

The Company's consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which assumes the continuity of operations, the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities as they come due in the normal course of business. Management believes that current working
capital, results of operations, and existing financing arrangements are sufficient to fund operations for at least one year from the financial
statement date. 

We had the following liquidity resources available
as of July 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Working capital (deficiency) 

July 31, 2022 
 July 31, 2021 
 
 Current Assets 
 5,583,337 
 542 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 7,394,747 
 2,322,414 
 
 Working Capital Deficiency 
 (1,811,410 
 (2,321,872 

16 

Committed liquidity resources available 

Year Ended 

July 31, 

2022 
 
 Cash 
 1,088,837 
 
 Committed liquidity resources available 

As of July 31, 2022, the outstanding principal
amount of indebtedness was 6,144,273, summarized in the table below: 

Year Ended 

July 31, 

2022 
 
 Asset-Based Financing: 

Vehicle floor plan notes payable 
 2,686,379 
 
 Total asset-based financing 
 2,686,379 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 
 3,223,309 
 
 Working capital loan 
 337,146 
 
 Total debt 
 6,144,273 

The following table sets forth a summary of our
cash flows: 

Year Ended 

July 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows provide by (used in) Operating Activities 
 (1,767,497 
 19,449 
 
 Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 
 (2,937,320 

Cash Flows provided by Financing Activities 
 5,793,112 

Effects on changes in foreign exchange rate 
 
 (19,451 
 
 Net Change in Cash During Period 
 1,088,295 
 (2 

Operating Activities 

Our primary sources of operating cash flows result
from the sales of new and used vehicles and ancillary products. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are purchases of inventory,
parts and merchandise, cash used to acquire customers, technology development, and personnel-related expenses. For the year ended July 31,
2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,767,497, related to our net loss of 2,111,518, reduced by a 105,86; stock-based compensation
of 63,522, amortization of debt discount of 29,857, amortization of right-of-use assets of 347,156, impairment of inventories o 349,870
increased by an increase in inventory of 1,697,003, accounts receivable of 197,554, lease liabilities of 322,675 and reduced by a change
in accounts payable of 407,390, accrued liabilities and other liabilities of 270,167 and borrowings from vehicle floor plan notes payable
of 1,033,744. 

For the year ended July 31, 2021, net cash
provided by operating activities was 1,767,497, related to our net loss of 2,111,518, reduced by accounts receivable of 2,498, accrued
liabilities and other liabilities of 33,877 and due to related party of 11,796. 

17 

Investing Activities 

Our primary use of cash for investing activities
was for purchase of property and equipment and acquisitions to expand our operations. Cash used in investing activities for the year ended
July 31, 2022 was 2,937,320 related to acquisition of dealerships of 2,784,073 and additional purchase of property and equipment
of 153,247. 

For the year ended July 31, 2021, the Company
had no investing activities. 

Financing Activities 

Cash flows from financing activities primarily
relate to our short and long-term debt activity and proceeds from equity issuances which have been used to provide working capital and
for general corporate purposes, including paying down our short-term revolving facilities. Cash provided by financing activities for the
year ended July 2022 was 5,793,112 related to proceeds of 1,487,000 from private placement, 50,000 from exercise of warrant, 3,485,000
from convertible notes, proceeds from related party and contribution to dealerships of 506,402 and repaid 1,029,896 to related party
and 62,854 for working capital loan.. 

For the year ended July 31, 2021, the Company
had no financing activities. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of July 31, 2022, we did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or material capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions, impacting our reported results of operations and financial condition. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

This item in not applicable as we are currently considered a smaller
reporting company. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-7 following Item 15, which
comprise a portion of this 2022 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

18 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our senior management, including our Chief Executive and Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the
 Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive and Financial Officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us required to be disclosed in our
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. With the participation of our Chief Executive and Financial Officer,
our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2022, based
on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO 2013 Framework
in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based upon such evaluation, our management concluded that we did not maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO framework criteria, because it identified the following
material weakness and significant deficiencies: 

A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination
of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We expect to be materially dependent upon third
parties to provide us with accounting consulting services for the foreseeable future which we believe mitigates the impact of the material
weaknesses discussed above. Until such time as we have a chief financial officer with the requisite expertise in U.S. GAAP and establish
an audit committee and implement internal controls and procedures, there are no assurances that the material weaknesses and significant
deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures will not result in errors in our financial statements which could lead to a restatement
of those financial statements. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers from
the internal control audit requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes to our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

19 

Inherent Limitations in the Effectiveness of
Controls 

Management recognizes that a control system, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud or error, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be
faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls
also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM 9B . OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Our directors and executive
officers and their ages at the date of this filing are listed in the following table: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position Held with the Company 
 
 Vance Harrison 
 48 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Kristian Odwarka 
 61 
 President 
 
 Terina Liddiard 
 53 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary/Treasurer, Director 
 
 Brandon Howard 
 53 
 Chief Operations Officer 
 
 Dale Darling 
 65 
 Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 Chris Bronstorp 
 45 
 Director of Dealership Operations 
 
 Taylor Brody 
 32 
 Director 
 
 Jennifer Danielson 
 55 
 Director 
 
 Brent L. Brown 
 62 
 Director 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among the officers
and directors, nor are there any arrangements or understanding between any of the directors or officers of our Company or any other person
pursuant to which any officer or director was or is to be selected as an officer or director, with the exception of the relationship between
Vance Harrison, and Taylor Brody. Mr. Brody is the nephew of Mr. Harrison. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Since our inception, none of our officers, directors,
promoters or control persons have been involved in any legal proceedings as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.Terina Liddiard,
Director and CFO, filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy on December 3, 1996 (Case no. 2:96bk28551) in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for Utah. This
bankruptcy was discharged on March 13, 1997. Ms. Liddiard had a 1,755 state tax lien filed against her on July 22, 2019 (File No. 196918519)
and a 1,797 state tax lien filed against her on August 20, 2018 (File No. 186922053) in the Salt Lake District Court in Utah. There is
nothing on Lexis to indicate that these liens have been released or satisfied. 

Dale Darling, CMO had notice
of trustee s sales filed against a property in July 2013 and April 2013, and notices of default filed against a property in January
2013 and November 2012. 

Christopher Bronstorp, DDO
filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy on December 26, 2018 (Case No. 1:18bk13204) in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for New Mexico. This bankruptcy
was discharged on April 1, 2019. 

Brent L. Brown, Director,
had a 2,042 state tax lien filed against him on December 19, 2022 (File No. 226412148) in the Provo County District Court in Utah. There
is nothing on Lexis to indicate that this lien has been released or satisfied. Mr. Brown had a notice of trustee s sale filed against
a property on February 14, 2014. 

Brent Brown was also listed
as a defendant in several premises liability, personal injury, employment, and contract cases filed against Brent Brown Enterprises LLC,
Brent Brown Chevrolet Buick, Brent Brown Ford Lincoln, Brent Brown Automotive Group, and Brent Brown Toyota. The majority of these cases
were dismissed. Brent Brown Automotive was a garnishee defendant in a contract case filed against multiple companies, MFG Financial
Inc. v. Brandy L. Hibbits (Case No. 070907192) on May 14, 2007, in the Utah District Court for Salt Lake City. A notice of default
judgment was entered on November 9, 2007, for 6,781.57. Brent Brown Enterprises was listed as a defendant in a contract case, DAT
 K LLC v. Brent Brown Enterprises LLC (Case No. 070912791), filed on September 5, 2007, in the Utah District Court for Salt Lake
City. A judgment was entered against some of the defendants, additional information was not available. 

21 

Vance B. Harrison, Director
and CEO, is party to an ongoing civil proceeding: Rymark Properties LLC, et al. v. Barron Consulting LLC, et al. (Case No. 210904596),
filed on August 30, 2021, in the Utah District Court for Salt Lake City. Mr. Harrison was listed as a defendant in this case. According
to the court documents, Mr. Harrison signed a real estate purchase agreement on behalf of the seller for a 6.5 million property in June
2021. On August 20, 2021, Mr. Harrison notified the plaintiffs that they intended to cancel the sale and the plaintiffs then paid an earnest
deposit which had been due on June 25, 2021. On August 31, 2021, the defendants sent a notice of termination on the grounds that the plaintiffs
had not provided earnest money. Mr. Harrison reported in his Questionnaire that the plaintiffs claimed that the failure to pay the earnest
money was not a material breach, that the plaintiffs asserted claims against Barron Consulting and Mr. Harrison for fraud and negligent
misrepresentation, and that Barron Consulting has asserted a counterclaim against Rymark Properties for breach of contract. This case
is still active. 

Jennifer Danielson was involved
in a property rights case in her Questionnaire: Marshalek Steven v Danielson Philip, et al. (Case No. 180701106), filed on October
30, 2018 in the Utah District Court for Farmington County. According to the complaint, the plaintiffs were seeking to collect on a 529,940
judgment awarded in November 2014 1 against Ms. Danielson s spouse, who had transferred his interest in real property
and other assets to Ms. Danielson in April 2014. The defendants filed motions to dismiss on November 27, 2018. The court found that the
statute of limitations on the property transfer had run out, the other transfers were unspecified, and the case was dismissed with prejudice
on November 6, 2020. 

Board Meetings; Committee Meetings; and Annual
Meeting Attendance 

In 2022, the Board of Directors meet on one occasion,
and acted by unanimous written consent on various matters. 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief
account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee
of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization
in which such occupation and employment were carried out. 

Vance Harrison ,
 was the founder of Harrison Eurosports, a Multiline powersports dealership located in Utah, in 2009. 
 Mr. Harrison also established Harrison Southtowne LLC, a Mitsubishi automotive dealership in Utah, in 2019. Mr. Harrison served
as President of Harrison Eurosports, until selling his interest in that company in April of 2021. Mr. Harrison also served as the
chief executive of Harrison Southtowne LLC from its founding until selling his interest in March of 2022. Since September 2021,
Mr. Harrison has been the chief executive of the Company. He is a motorsports enthusiast with 25 years of experience operating successful
dealerships. Vance was rated a top-5 dealer in annual sales nationwide for BMW, Ducati, and Triumph for 12 years. 

Karl Kristian Kris 
Odwarka , age 60, has worked in various roles with European motorcycle and automotive
manufacturers over the last 30 years. From December of 2010 until January of 2022, Mr. Odwarka worked for BMW of North America, where
his duties included Vice President - North America for BMW Motorrad and as the President of Husqvarna North America, both tasks across
the USA and Canada. BMW Motorrad achieved record sales, market share and profits under his leadership, as well as recording the highest
CSI for both sales and service, along with the highest employee and dealer satisfaction rating, out of BMW Motorrad s five regions
world-wide 

Terina Liddiard , age 53, has been in the
automotive accounting business for 24 years, and she worked for the 9th largest automobile retailer in the country fulfilling an array
of complex accounting roles. She graduated from Stevens-Henagar Business College in 1987. 

_____________________ 

 1 
 Marshalek v. Lynco (Case No. 201200083588), filed October 15, 2012 in the Superior Court of California for San Diego County. 

22 

Ms. Liddiard worked for Mercedes-Benz of Draper
in Draper Utah from January 2018 until April 2019. From April 2019 until January 2022, she worked for Harrison Mitsubishi Southtowne in
Sandy Utah. She was the Office Manager and was responsible for accounting as well as other aspects of the dealership. From January 2022
to present she has been the CFO of Motos America. 

William
Karl Brandon Brandon Howard , age 53 has served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company from July 2022 to the Present
Brandon. February 2018 to July 2022 Mr. Howard served as the President and Chief Operating Officer - Wingers USA. Mr.
Howard brings an impressive resume and skill set to the Motos America
team. Howard s extensive success in building, managing, and scaling businesses in one of the most demanding industries should prove
a major asset in the day-to-day operations of Motos America. 

Dale Z. Darling , age 65, is a motorcycle
enthusiast with an extensive career in Sales Management, Digital Publishing and Marketing. From September 2011-2017 Mr. Darling was the
VP of Sales for Deseret Digital Media. Responsible for the overall revenue target for the digital publishing site ksl.com, the 
principal asset of Deseret Digital Media. From January 2017 to June of 2020 Dale was the SVP of Sales for Deseret Digital Media, overseeing
revenue and various special projects for the publisher. Upon his retirement from Deseret Digital Media in 2020, Dale was working with
the Utah Section of the PGA as a Board Member [October 2018-current] and on special assignments regarding revenue and strategy. Beginning
in January of 2022, Dale has served as Chief Marketing officer for Motos America. The role has required the management of revenue development,
lead generation, marketing vendor relationships and overall apparel creation and distribution. 

Chris
Bronstorp , age 45, has climbed up as a porter to a general manager in automotive and motorcycle dealerships over the last 21 years.
From April 2015 until February 2020 , Mr. Bronstorp has served as the General
Manager for BMW Motorrad Dealership in New Mexico. From February 2020 until March 2022 he served as an Area Business Manager for BMW Motorrad
USA overseeing fourteen dealers in the American Northwest. Chris has served in his c urrent
role as Director of Dealer Operations for Motos America since March 2022. His duties have included all dealer operations, inventory
management, building remodels, employee and customer satisfaction. Mr. Bronstorp is proud to offer unparalleled employee and customer
satisfaction, with an emphasis on the customer as a priority to the Company. His Education history includes a Bachelor's degree from the
University of New Mexico, Associates in Diesel Mechanics from Wyotech, and halfway completed with his MBA from University of Phoenix.. 

Taylor Brody, age 32, has worked in the
Powersports Industry since 2013. He is the Founder of Resgato Digital Agency, which provides digital marketing services and consulting
to its clients. Mr. Brody has worked at Resgato for the last 5 years. Mr. Brody integrates his expertise and experience in marketing,
along with zeal in the Powersports Industry to Motos America Inc. 

Jennifer Danielson. For
over 20 years, Ms. Danielson has advised policy makers and political leaders on health competition and impacts, earning her the reputation
as a national influencer in advancing policy. 

Jennifer completed her
Bachelor of Arts and Juris Doctorate at the University of Utah and Honors International Exchange Programme at Cambridge University. 

Jennifer has served as
Chief Growth Officer for Collective Health from January of 2022 until present day. In this role, she is responsible for scaling the company s
core TPA growth and diversifying lines of service to expand market opportunity. 

She served as Senior
Vice President, Public Affairs and Policy for Cambia Health Solutions from 2018 - 2021, responsible for positively positioning and securing
approval for national scope of activity, and for leading an innovation ecosystem accelerator. 

She served as Senior
Vice President of Strategy and Policy for Cambia Health Solutions for the years 2017 and 2018 in accelerating opportunities to successfully
pivot the company s strategy from a health insurance company to a health care technology platform, and in working to advance national
interoperability initiatives. 

23 

Jennifer served as president
of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Utah, a subsidiary of Cambia Health Solutions from 2011- 2012 where she held responsibility for the 1b company
that served just under 500,000 customers. As President of Regence Blue Cross Blue Shield of Utah, she radically changed the competitive
trajectory for a 1B division of a 9B+ health care company (Cambia Health Solutions) by leveraging her comprehensive understanding of
the market and ability to navigate complex challenges. 

Brent L. Brown. Brent L. Brown,
 age 63, has spent a lifetime in Automotive Dealerships. In 1999 Mr. Brown founded Brent Brown Toyota. Brent Brown Toyota was Utah's
largest volume new car dealership in 2016, outselling every dealership of every brand. The dealership was also recognized in early 2017
for being the #1 Metro Toyota dealership in the United States in Customer Retention. The dealership is also an eight-time winner of Toyota's
prestigious President's Award, Toyota's highest recognition for a well-run, customer focused dealership. Mr. Brown sold his interest in
the Toyota dealership in October of 2018, and has been retired from regular employment since that time. 

Corporate Compliance,
Governance Principles and Code of Ethics 

Our Board is committed to sound corporate governance
principles and practices. In order to clearly set forth our commitment to conduct our operations in accordance with our high standards
of business ethics and applicable laws and regulations, our Board is also developing a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which will
be applicable to all directors, officers, and employees. 

Board of Directors 

The business and affairs of our company are managed
by or under the direction of the Board. The Board is currently composed of five members. The Board has not appointed a lead independent
director; instead the presiding director for each executive session is rotated among the Chairs of the committees of our Board. 

The Board held six meetings and took six actions
by unanimous written consent during the year ended July 31, 2022. In 2022, each person serving as a director attended at least 75 
of the total number of meetings of our Board and any Board committee on which he served. 

Our directors are expected to attend our Annual
Meeting of Stockholders. Any director who is unable to attend our Annual Meeting is expected to notify the Chairman of the Board in advance
of the Annual Meeting. All of our directors serving at the time of the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders were in attendance. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Company does not have a nominating, compensation,
or audit committee, or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee
charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees at this time because our directors can adequately perform
the functions of such committees. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Our Board of Directors has determined that we
do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation
S-K, nor do we have a board member that qualifies as independent as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule
14A under the Exchange Act, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules. 

Director Independence 

Our Board has determined that Mr. Brent Brown,
and Ms. Jennifer Danielson qualify as independent directors in accordance with the listing requirements of The NASDAQ Stock
Market NASDAQ ). The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests regarding a director s independence
and requires that the Board make an affirmative determination that a director has no relationship with the Company that would interfere
with a director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. There are no family relationships
among any of our directors or executive officers. 

24 

Communications with the Company and the Board 

Stockholders may communicate with the Company
through its Investor Relations Department by writing to Investor Relations, Motos America, Inc., 510 South 200 West, Suite 110 Salt Lake
City, Utah 84101. 

Stockholders interested in communicating with
our Board, any Board committee, any individual director, or any group of directors (such as our independent directors) should send written
correspondence to Motos America, Inc. Board of Directors, Attn: Secretary, 510 South 200 West, Suite 110 Salt Lake City, Utah 84101. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table with Stock Options 

The following table provides the compensation
paid to our principal executive officer and other executive officers whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 for the years ended
July 31, 2022 and July 31, 2021 named executive officers ). 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Vested Stock Awards 
 Unvested Stock Quantity 
 Total 
 
 Vance Harrison 
 2022 
 180,000 

180,000.00 
 
 CEO, Director 
 2021 
 180,000 

Kristian Odwarka 
 2022 
 90,000 

200,000 
 90,000.00 
 
 President 
 2021 

Terina Liddiard 
 2022 
 72,000 

25,000 
 72,000.00 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary/Treasurer Director 
 2021 

Brandon Howard 
 2022 
 156,000 

50,000 
 156,000.00 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 

Dale Darling 
 2022 
 72,000 

100,000 
 72,000.00 
 
 Chief Marketing Officer 
 2021 

Christopher Bronstorp 
 2022 
 133,000 

25,000 
 133,000.00 
 
 Director of Dealership Operations 
 2021 

Taylor Brody 
 2022 
 18,000 

25,000 
 18,000.00 
 
 External Director 
 2021 

Jennifer Danielson 
 2022 
 18,000 

External Director 
 2021 

Brent L. Brown 
 2022 
 18,000 

External Director 
 2021 

25 

Executive Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements 

The Company has executed employment agreements
with Vance Harrison, K. Kristian Odwarka, Terina Liddiard, Brandon Howard, Dale Darling and Lance Isaacs. Each of these agreements
allows for termination with or without cause. The agreements provide for indemnification and attorneys fees legal actions taken
against the employee for actions taken by them in good faith and in their capacity as an employee of the Company. The agreements
also mandated binding arbitration in the event of a dispute that arises between the Company and the employee as result of such agreements. 

Each agreement provides for standard benefits
such as medical and dental plans, life and disability insurance, as well as retirement plans. The agreements also allow for bonuses
from time to time as awarded by the Board of Directors. During the year ended July 31, 2022, no such bonuses have been awarded or paid.
Each of these agreements is appended hereto as an exhibit and made part hereof. 

Although no contract has been entered into between
Chris Bronstorp and the Company, his verbal agreement with the Company is substantially similar to the agreements executed with other
officers of the Company, and is summarized hereinafter. 

The following summarizes the particular terms of the employment agreements
of executive team. Such summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual agreements, appended hereto as exhibits: 

Vance Harrison, CEO 

Mr. Harrison entered into an employment agreement
with the company on December 1, 2021. The term of this agreement is for 5 years. This agreement calls for a base annual salary of
 180,000.00, which increases to 360,000.00 over time. This agreement contains no provision for stock options, it does however grant
to Mr. Harrison a put option to sell up to 200,000 common voting shares to the Company at the price of 7.50 per share for a period
of 4 years, beginning on December 1st, 2022. The Agreement allows for termination with or without cause. The agreement provides
for indemnification and attorneys fees legal actions taken against the employee for actions taken by them in good faith and in their capacity
as an employee of the Company. The agreement also mandated binding arbitration in the event of a dispute that arises between the
Company and the employee as result of the agreement. 

Karl Kristian Kris Odwarka, President 

Mr. Odwarka entered into an employment agreement
with the company on January 1, 2022. The term of this agreement is for 2 years. This agreement calls for a base annual salary of
 60,000.00 for 2022, which increases to 90,000.00 for 2023. 

This agreement contains stock options of 200,000
shares, granted on March 1, 2022 with a 4 year vesting period. Stock options have an exercise price of 1.00 with an expiration
date of March 1, 2030. 

Terina Liddiard, CFO 

Ms. Liddiard entered into an employment agreement
with the company on January 1, 2022. The term of this agreement is for 5 years. This agreement calls for a base monthly salary of
 6,000.00 with a bonus of 500.00 per month for each dealership acquired by the company, beginning with the 4th such dealership acquired
or managed by the company. 

The agreement is up to 4000.00 in bonus per month should the Company
have 11 or more dealerships under management or ownership. The base salary shall be reviewed on or before December 31st of each
year unless executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement. 

This agreement contains stock options of 25,000 shares, granted on
March 1, 2022 with a 4 year vesting period. Stock options have an exercise price determined at vesting, with an expiration date
of March 1, 2030. 

26 

Brandon Howard, COO 

Mr. Howard entered into an employment agreement with the company on
July 1, 2022. The term of this agreement is for 5 years. This agreement calls for a base annual salary of 156,000.00. The annual
Base Salary shall be reviewed on or before December 31st of each year, unless executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated
earlier pursuant to this Agreement. 

This agreement contains stock options of 50,000 shares, granted on
July 1, 2022 with a 5 year vesting period. Stock options have an exercise price of 3.33 with an expiration date of July 1, 2030. 

Dale Darling, CMO 

Mr. Darling entered into an employment agreement with the company on
January 10, 2022. The term of this agreement is for 5 years. This agreement calls for a base annual salary of 72,000.00 for 2022,
 90,000.00 for 2023, 120,000.00 for 2024, 120,000.00 plus COLA for 2025 and 2026.. The annual Base Salary shall be reviewed on or before
December 31st of each year, unless executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement. 

This agreement contains stock options on 100,000 shares, granted on
March 1, 2022 with a 5 year vesting period. Stock options have an exercise price of 2.00 per share, with an expiration date of
March 1, 2030. 

Chris Bronstorp, Director of Dealership Operations 

Mr. Bronstorp entered into an employment agreement with the company
on April 1, 2020. The term of this agreement is for 5 years. This agreement calls for a base annual salary of 133,000.00. The annual
Base Salary shall be reviewed on or before December 31st of each year, and adjusted for Cost of Living Adjustments COLA as published by the United States Social Security Administration. 

This agreement contains stock options of 25,000 shares, granted on
April 1, 2022 with a 5 year vesting period. Stock options have an exercise price of 2.00, with an expiration date of April 1, 2030. 

Lance Isaacs, CXO 

Mr. Isaacs entered into an employment agreement with the company on
February 1, 2022. The term of this agreement is for 5 years. This agreement calls for a base annual salary of 36,000.00. The annual
Base Salary shall be reviewed on or before December 31st of each year,, unless executive s employment hereunder shall have been
terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement. 

This agreement contains stock options of 25,000 shares, granted on
March 1, 2022 with a 5 year vesting period. Stock options have an exercise price determined on vesting, with an expiration date
of March 1, 2030. 

Other Agreements: 

Taylor Brody 

Mr. Brody entered into a services agreement for a contractor with the
company on January 1, 2022. The term of this agreement is for 4 years. This agreement calls for a fee at the annual rate of 30,000.00
for digital marketing consulting for 20 to 30 hours monthly. 

27 

This agreement contains stock options on 25,000 shares, granted on
March 1, 2022 with a 4 year vesting period. Stock options have an exercise price of 2.00, with an expiration date of March 1, 2030. 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 

We have not yet established a policy for non-employee director compensation.
As of July 31, 2022, no compensation had been paid to our non-employee directors, except (i) contract service fees paid to our director
Taylor Brody under the terms of a services agreement with us, which we further describe under Certain Relationships and Related
Party Transactions - Services Agreement and (ii) an award of ___ restricted stock units under the Company s Stock Incentive
Plan (the Incentive Plan to Mr. Brody in connection with his services agreement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information as of July 31, 2022 with
respect to all of our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance: 

Number of Securities To Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 1,500,000 
 1.49 
 1,175,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 1,5000,000 
 1.49 
 1,175,000 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with the SEC rules,
shares of our common stock that may be acquired upon exercise or vesting of equity awards within 60 days of the date of the table
below are deemed beneficially owned by the holders of such options and are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of any other
person. 

As of April 25, 2023, 50,000 shares
of common stock were issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our
common stock as of April 25, 2023, by (i) each of our directors, director nominees, and executive officers, (ii) all of
our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iii) each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 
of our common stock. To the best of our knowledge, except as otherwise indicated, each of the persons named in the table has sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock beneficially owned by such person, except to the extent such power may
be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge, none of the shares listed below are held under a voting trust or similar agreement, except
as noted. To our knowledge, there is no arrangement, including any pledge by any person of our securities or any of our parents, the operation
of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our company. 

28 

Name Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Title of Class 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Beneficial Ownership ) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Vance B Harrison, CEO-Director (2) 
 Common 
 4,670,775 
 65.8 
 
 Brent L. Brown, Director (3) 
 Common 
 382,000 
 5.4 
 
 K. Kristian Odwarka, President 
 Common 
 100,000 
 1.4 
 
 Terina Liddiard, CFO (4) 
 Common 
 19,000 
 0.3 
 
 Dale Darling, CMO 
 Common 
 16,000 
 0.2 
 
 Jennifer Danielson, Director 
 Common 
 16,000 
 0.2 
 
 Total of Officers and Directors 
 
 5,203,775 
 73.3 

Other 5 Shareholders: 

None 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each person listed on the table is c/o Motos America, Inc., 3131 W 2210 S, Suite C, Salt
Lake City, Utah 84119. 
 
 (2) 
 Vance B. Harrison, CEO owns or has beneficial
ownership of these shares of common stock of the Company through the following entities: Barron Holdings LLC 3,333,333 common shares,
Barron Consulting LLC., 86,000 common shares, Big River Living Trust 100,000 common shares, The Living Trust of Vance Harrison 18,000
common shares and Moto America, Inc. (a Utah corporation, separate from the issuer of similar name) 1,133,442 common shares. 
 
 (3) 
 Brent L. Brown, Director owns or has beneficial
ownership of these shares of common stock of the Company through the following entities: The Brent L. Brown Trust 344,000 common shares,
Melisa Maverick (his spouse) 38,000 common shares. 
 
 (4) 
 Terina Liddiard, CFO, has beneficial ownership
of 19,000 common shares through Terton LLC, which she jointly owns with a family member. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Related Party Transaction Policy 

As discussed in Notes 1 and 7 from consolidated
financial statements, as part of the change of control, the Company realized a gain on disposal of subsidiary and debt forgiveness to
our former CEO, which was recorded to additional paid in capital. 

As discussed in Notes 8 and 9 from consolidated
financial statements, related parties contributed in the purchase of our private placement offering and purchase of warrants. 

As discussed in Note 5 from consolidated financial
statements , the Oregon dealerships were purchased from our CEO during August 2021. 

Put Option 

On December 31, 2021, the Company issued to our
CEO, a put option to sell or put up to 200,000 shares at the price of 7.50 per share 1,500,000). The put option is exercisable at any
time during the four (4) year period, beginning on December 1, 2023 and ending on December 1, 2027. As of July 31, 2022, the Company has
not recognized a liability for the option as it is currently not exercisable. This Put Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 13.1. 

Due to Related Party 

As of July 31, 2022, t he
Company was obligated to our CEO, for an unsecured, non-interest-bearing due on demand loan with a balance of 285,317. No written agreement
documents this transaction. 

29 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The following table shows the fees that were billed
for the audit and other services provided by our independent auditors for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 
 5,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 5,000 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 
 7,500 

Total 
 12,500 
 5000 

Audit Fees This category includes
the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services
that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years.
This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim
financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees This category
consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees
that would normally be disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC and other accounting
consulting. 

Tax Fees This category consists
of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
The services for the fees that would normally be disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All Other Fees This category
consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Given the small size of our Board as well as the
limited activities of our Company, our Board acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services.
These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services. Our Board approves these services
on a case-by-case basis. 

30 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS and FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES. 

(a) We have filed the following documents as part of this 2022 Form
10-K: 

1. The consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to
Audited Financial Statements on page F-1 and included on pages F-2 through F-7. 

2. All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in
the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits included or incorporated herein: See below. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.1 
 
 Brandon Howard Employment Agreement 
 
 10.2 
 
 Dale Darling Employment Agreement 
 
 10.3 
 
 Karl Kristian Odwarka Employment Agreement 
 
 10.4 
 
 Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement 
 
 10.5 
 
 Taylor Brody Services Agreement 
 
 10.6 
 
 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement 
 
 10.7 
 
 Vance Harrison Employment Agreement 
 
 10.8 
 
 Vance Harrison Put Agreement 
 
 10.9 
 
 Oregon Membership Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.11 
 
 Nashville Asset Purchase Agreement 
 
 21.1 
 
 Cascade Motos Eugene (Subsidiary) Registration 
 
 21.2 
 
 Cascade Motos Portland (Subsidiary) Registration 
 
 21.3 
 
 Motos America Nashville (Subsidiary) Registration 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Presentation Linkbase 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

Registrants may voluntarily include a summary
of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Company has elected not to include such summary information. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Motos America Inc. 

Date: May 8,
 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Vance Harrison 

Vance Harrison 
Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Vance Harrison 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 May 8,
 2023 
 
 Vance Harrison 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Terina Liddiard 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary/Treasurer Director 
 
 May 8, 2023 
 
 Terina Liddiard 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Taylor Brody 
 
 Director 
 
 May 8, 2023 
 
 Taylor Brody 

/s/ Jennifer Danielson 
 
 Director 
 
 May 8 , 2023 
 
 Jennifer Danielson 

/s/ Brent L. Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 May 8,
 2023 
 
 Brent L. Brown 

32 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED
JULY 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Motos America Inc. 

 Salt Lake City, Utah 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Motos America Inc. (the Company) as of July 31, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Consideration of the
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered losses and has
negative working capital which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Business Combinations and Goodwill 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company engaged in
multiple acquisitions and these transactions were accounted for as business combinations. Significant judgment is exercised by the Company
in accounting for and disclosing the components of these acquisitions in accordance with the acquisition agreements and US GAAP, including
determination of goodwill and impairment considerations, and is primarily comprised of the following: 

Evaluation of the acquisition agreements to identify and relevant terms. 

Identification of classes of acquired assets and allocation of purchase price. 

Treatment of contract terms that may impact the timing and valuation of acquired entities, as well as consideration transferred by
the Company. 

Determination of goodwill and any impairment during the periods presented. 

Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating the Company's
judgments in determining accounting and disclosure of business combinations was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's business combinations
included the following: 

We evaluated the Company's significant accounting policies and estimates related to these business acquisitions for reasonableness. 

We obtained the acquisition agreements and evaluated the Company s identification and disclosure
of acquisition agreement terms, including name and descriptions of the acquirees, acquisition date, percentage of voting interest acquired,
reasons for the acquisitions, description of goodwill, and acquisition date fair value of assets obtained and liabilities assumed. 

We examined the Company s valuation of consideration transferred and liabilities assumed. 

We evaluated the Company s allocation of the purchase price and assessment of goodwill. 

We evaluated the Company s business combination disclosures for consistency with acquisition agreements and compliance with
US GAAP. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

 (a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 

April 5, 2023 

F- 3 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 

July 31, 
 July 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Subscription receivable 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other liabilities 

Convertible notes payable 

Convertible notes payable, net - related parties 

Vehicle floor plan notes payable 

Due to related party 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Working capital loans - current 

Current tax liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities - noncurrent 

Working capital loans - noncurrent 

Due to related party - noncurrent 

Deferred tax 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock: shares authorized; par value 

Series A preferred stock, par value, shares designated; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock: shares authorized; par value, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

Years Ended 

July 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Vehicle sales 

Parts, service and accessories 

Finance and insurance 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administration 

Professional fees 

Payroll 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Other expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Income 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, July 31, 2020 

Effects of foreign currency adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance, July 31, 2021 

Preferred stock issued for settlement of debt and deconsolidation of subsidiary 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock issued for exercise of warrant 

Warrant issued with debts 

Stock option vesting 

Contribution to dealership 

Net loss 

Balance, July 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended 

July 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Impairment of inventories 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Increase in borrowings from vehicle floor plan notes payable 

Due to related party 

Net Cash provided by (used in) Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Acquisition of dealerships 

Net Cash used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from private placement 

Proceeds from exercise of warrant 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes - related parties 

Proceeds from related party 

Repayments to related party 

Repayments of working capital loans 

Contribution to dealerships 

Net Cash provided by Financing Activities 

Effects on changes in foreign exchange rate 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activity 

Initial recognition of right-of-use assets 

Change in control - debt forgiveness 

Warrants issued with debt instruments 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDTAED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(the Reverse Split of the Company s issued and outstanding
Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, along with a name change, and elected to apply for a new trading symbol and CUSIP number for
its common shares. 

On November 17, 2021, the Company, filed with
the Secretary of the State of Nevada Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. These Restated Articles changed the name of the Company
to Motos America Inc., and the Reverse Stock Split. On December 14, 2021, the Company, filed with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(FINRA) and the Stock Split and corporate actions were effective as of June 16, 2022. 

As a result of the Reverse Split, the number of
authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock was unchanged. 

All share and per share information in these financial
statements retroactively reflect this Reverse Split. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the discharge
of liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. 

As of July 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of , and net loss of for the year ended July 31, 2022. Losses have principally occurred as a result of the
substantial resources required for general and administrative expenses associated with our operations. The continuation of the Company
as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders or external financing. Management believes
the existing stockholders will provide the additional cash to meet with the Company s obligations as they become due. However, there
is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from
the outcome of these uncertainties. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement
its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. 

and , respectively, and did not have cash equivalents. At times, the Company has cash balances in domestic bank
accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. The Company has not experienced any losses related to these cash concentrations.
The Company only uses highly rated financial institutions to hold its cash deposits. 

Machinery and shop equipment 

Vehicles 

Property and equipment are reviewed for impairment
when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Impairments
are recognized when the sum of undiscounted estimated cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset is less than the carrying
value of the asset. Costs of significant additions, renewals, and betterments, are capitalized and depreciated. Maintenance and repairs
are charged to expense when incurred. See Note 6 Property and Equipment, Net for additional information on property and equipment. 

and , for the years ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

potentially dilutive instruments outstanding during the year
ended July 31, 2021. 

For the year ended July 31, 2022, the following
common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share as the result was anti-dilutive. 

Series A Convertible Bonds 

Series B Convertible Bonds 

Series A Convertible Debenture 

Warrants 

Stock options 

Total 

for issuance of shares of common stock. The amount was received on August 8, 2022. 

In August 2020, the FASB
issued ASU 2020-06, ASC Subtopic 470-20 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options and ASC subtopic
815-40 Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, The standard reduced the number of accounting models
for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models
are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition
of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting; and (2) convertible debt instruments issued
with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier
than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. On August 1, 2021, the Company
adopted this standard in its consolidated financial statements and did not record beneficial conversion feature with issuance of conversion
debts. 

The Company has considered all other recently
issued accounting pronouncements and does not believe the adoption of such pronouncements will have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

The delivery method of
wholesale and retail counter parts vary. The Company generally considers control of wholesale and retail counter parts to transfer when
the products are shipped, which typically occurs the same day as or within a few days of sale. 

Finance and Insurance 

The Company sells and
receives commissions on the following types of finance and insurance products: extended service contracts, maintenance programs, guaranteed
auto protection, tire and wheel protection, and theft protection products, among others. The Company offers products that are sold and
administered by independent third parties, including the vehicle manufacturers captive finance subsidiaries. 

Pursuant to the arrangements
with these third-party providers, the Company sells the products on a commission basis. For the majority of finance and insurance product
sales, the Company s performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of goods and services by another party. The Company s
performance obligation is satisfied when this arrangement is made, which is when the finance and insurance product is delivered to the
end customer, generally at the time of the vehicle sale. As an agent, the Company recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission
to which it expects to be entitled, which is the net amount of consideration that it retains after paying the third-party provider the
consideration received in exchange for the goods or services to be fulfilled by that party. 

There are no significant
judgements or estimates required in determining the satisfaction of the performance obligations or the transaction price allocated to
the performance obligations. As revenue is recognized at a point-in-time, costs to obtain the customer (i.e. commissions, advertising
and the like) do not require capitalization. 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

Current accounting standards require that companies
disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue
and cash flows are affected by economic factors. The Company has included its revenues disaggregated in its consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss to satisfy this requirement. 

The Company s dealerships typically sell
new BMW, Ducati, and Triumph motorcycles as well as a few smaller ancillary brands, as well as various brands of used motorcycles. The
Company s dealerships generate profit from: 

1. Sales
of new and used motorcycles 
 
 2. Sales
of parts, service and accessories 
 
 3. Sales of finance and insurance F I products incident to the
purchase of the motorcycles 

The significant majority of the Company s
revenue is from contracts with customers. 

Used motorcycles 

Parts 

Inventory in transit 

Tires 

Accessories 

Rider's apparel 

Other 

Total inventory 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
recorded impairment loss of inventory of . 

Vehicle floor plan notes payable as of July
31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 

Floor plan notes payable
reflects amounts borrowed to finance the purchase of specific new and, to a lesser extent, used vehicle inventory with corresponding manufacturers'
captive finance subsidiaries trade lenders ). Changes in vehicle floor plan notes payable- trade are reported as operating
cash flows in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

New inventory costs are
generally reduced by manufacturer holdbacks, incentives, floor plan assistance, and non-reimbursement-based manufacturer advertising rebates,
while the related vehicle floor plan payables are reflective of the gross cost of the vehicle. The vehicle floor plan payables, as shown
in the above table, will generally also be higher than the inventory cost due to the timing of the sale of a vehicle and payment of the
related liability. Vehicle floor plan facilities are due on demand, but in the case of new vehicle inventories, are generally paid within
several business days after the related vehicles are sold. Vehicle floor plan facilities are primarily collateralized by vehicle inventories
and related receivables. 

New and used vehicle floor plan facilities
generally utilize, US Prime Rate, Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), or Average Daily Balance ADB )-based interest rates, which generally ranged between 7 and 15 as of July 31, 2022. The aggregate capacity
to finance our inventory under the new and used vehicle floor plan facilities was 
as of July 31, 2022. 

Inventory serves as collateral under floor plan
notes payable borrowings. 

Working capital loan 

Floor plan notes payable 

Total purchase price 

The following table summarizes the identifiable
assets acquired assumed upon acquisition of the Oregon LLCs and the calculation of goodwill on acquisition date: 

Inventory 

Property and equipment 

Intangibles 

Other assets 

Other liability 

Goodwill 

Effective March 14, 2022 the Company consummated
the purchase of the assets of Bloodworth Motorsports, Inc, a Tennessee corporation. These assets constitute the BMW and Ducati Motorcycle
dealership located in Nashville, TN. 

Working capital loan 

Floor plan notes payable 

Total purchase price 

The following table summarizes the identifiable
assets acquired assumed upon acquisition of subsidiary and the calculation of goodwill on acquisition date: 

Inventory 

Property and equipment 

Intangibles 

Other liability 

Goodwill 

We recognized the assets and liabilities for
these acquisitions based on our estimates of their acquisition date fair values. Based on the allocation of the fair value of the acquisition
price, goodwill represents the excess of the acquisition price fair value over the fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible
assets acquired, which is essentially the forward earnings potential of the acquired entities. Goodwill will not be amortized but will
be tested at least annually for impairment. 

From the date of acquisition until July 31, 2022,
the acquired business contributed revenues of approximately and loss from operations of , which are included in
our Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the year ended July 31, 2022. The seller has not maintained historical
U.S. GAAP financial data and it is impracticable to prepare them, therefore, we could not provide supplemental pro forma information
of the combined entities. 

Machinery and shop equipment 

Vehicles 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended July 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

During the
years ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company acquired property and equipment from acquisition of and and purchased property
and equipment of and , respectively. 

via acquisition of dealerships (Note 5).
These intangible assets consist of franchise dealership rights and have indefinite useful life. We test intangible assets for impairment
annually at the reporting unit level, primarily using a discounted cash flow methodology. We believe use of a discounted cash flow approach
is the most reliable indicator of the fair values of the businesses. 

No instances
of impairment were identified for the year ending July 2022. 

(see Note 5). 

instances
of impairment were identified for the period of acquisition date through July 31, 2022. 

 shares of common stock having a par value of per share, and thirty million shares of preferred stock having a
par value of per share. All or any part of the capital stock may be issued by the Corporation from time to time and for such
consideration and on such terms as may be determined and fixed by the Board of Directors, without action of the stockholders, as provided
by law, unless the Board of Directors deems it advisable to obtain the advice of the stockholders. 

Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated one series of
preferred stock, which is known as the Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred ). The Board has authorized the
issuance of shares
of Series A Preferred. The Series A Preferred Stock has the following rights and preferences: 

Dividends : Holders of Series A Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board, (a) dividends at a rate per annum to 3.5 plus all accrued and unpaid
dividends that are payable on such share of Series A Preferred Stock, in each case as adjusted for any stock dividends, splits, combinations,
and similar events, or (b) participating dividends of the same type as dividends or other distributions, whether cash, in-kind or other
property payable or to be made on outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Liquidation Preference : The holders
of Series A Preferred Stock have the first equitable right of distribution in the event of liquidation or winding up of the Company. 

Voting Rights : The holders of Series
A Preferred Stock have the voting rights equal to 100 votes per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. 

Voluntary Conversion Rights : Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into 100 shares of Common Stock at the option of the holder thereof. 

Mandatory Conversion Right : The Company
has the right to convert each share of Series A Preferred Stock into 100 shares of Common Stock at any time. 

On September 24, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock valued at as part of the change of control and disposition of subsidiary (see Note 1). As
a result, the Company realized a gain on deconsolidation of our subsidiary and settlement of debt of which we recognized as
part of additional paid in capital. 

As of July 31, 2022 and 2021, and
 shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common Stock 

The Company has authorized
 shares of Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on
any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company issued
803,500 shares of common stock as follows: 

On October 18, 2021, the Company announced a
private placement (i) 1,250,000 shares of common stock at price of 2.00 per share, (ii) warrants to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common
stock (iii) Series A and B Convertible Bonds to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock and (iv) Series A Convertible Debentures to
purchase 900,000 shares of common stock. The total offering was 9,500,100. 

Pursuant to the October 18, 2021 private offering,
the Company issued shares of common stock at price of 2.00 per share for proceeds of in cash and in subscription
receivable that was subsequently collected on August 8, 2022. 

shares were issued for the exercise of
warrants for . 

As of July 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 
and , respectively, shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Stock Options 

During the
year ended July 31, 2022, the Company granted 625,000 stock options valued at 649,174 to the Company s employees under
individual employment agreements. The option vest on various schedules, ranging from 20 - 33 per year (3 5 years) based on individualized
performance and longevity standards. During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of ,
and as of July 31, 2022, 585,652 remains unamortized. The intrinsic value of the 625,000 options outstanding as of July
31, 2022, is . 

The following is a summary of stock option activity
during the year ended July 31, 2022: 

Grants 

Exercised 

Expiry 

Balance as of July 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of July 31, 2022 

The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes model
to value its stock options. The Company utilized the following assumptions, during the year ended July 31, 2022: 

Expected average volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

Warrants 

Pursuant to a private placement offering, the
Company issued thirty-five (35) Series A Warrants for 35, to related parties, which were assigned a fair value of 291,548 and were recorded
as debt discounts to convertible notes payable. The debt discount is amortized over the term of convertible notes payable. These Warrants
were issued in conjunction with additional debt investments made by the recipients. 

Each Series A Warrant is for the purchase of 10,000
shares of common stock, which may be exercised for a period of 24 months beginning January 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2023 at a strike
price of 1.00 per share and the next period of 12 months beginning January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2024 at price of 2.00 per
share. Unexercised warrants shall expire on January 1, 2025. 

All warrants issued were valued using the Black-Scholes
pricing model. The Black-Scholes model requires six basic data inputs: the exercise or strike price, time to expiration, the risk-free
interest rate, the current stock price, the estimated volatility of the stock price in the future, and the dividend rate. Changes to these
inputs could produce a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. 

- 
 
 Expected term 

Expected average volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

A summary of warrant activity during the year
ended July 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/canceled 

Outstanding, July 31, 2022 

Exercisable, July 31, 2022 

The intrinsic
value of the warrants as of July 31, 2022, is . 

and . The interest rate of the loan is ICE Swap 5 year Rate plus
3.2 . The loans are repaid monthly for 60 months, 1,846.74 and 5,540.23, respectively. 

During the
year ended July 31, 2022, the Company repaid principal amount of and interest expense of . As of July 31, 2022, the Company
had working capital loans current portion of and noncurrent portion of . 

Future maturities at July 31, 2022 were as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total long term debt 

Series B Convertible Bonds 

Series A Convertible Debentures 

Total convertible notes payable 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
issued convertible notes payable to related parties of 1,965,000 as follows: 

Series B Convertible Bonds 

Series A Convertible Debentures 

Total convertible notes payable, related parties 

Debt discount from warrant issued 

Net convertible notes payable, related parties 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
recorded interest expense of (related parties ), amortization of debt discount of and paid interest of 
(related parties ). As of July 31, 2022, the Company recorded accrued interest of (related parties ). 

Series A Convertible Bonds 

Series A Convertible Bonds A-Bonds are face value bonds, bear a coupon rate. Interest is accrued and payable on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31
each year from the date of issuance until the date of redemption or conversion into Shares. A-Bonds are convertible into Shares at the
rate of 200 Common Shares each. The A-Bonds may be called or redeemed by the Company upon 60 days notice any time after July 1,
2024. Series A Convertible Bonds shall mature on December 31, 2028, on which date they shall be paid, together with any accrued interest
to the registered owner, unless having been converted into Shares. 

Series B Convertible Bonds 

Series B Convertible Bonds B-Bonds are face value bonds, with an coupon rate. Interest shall be accrued and payable on March 31, June 30, the September 30, and
the December 31each year from the date of issuance until the date of redemption or conversion into Shares. B-Bonds are convertible into
Shares at the rate of 400 Shares each. B-Bonds shall mature on December 31, 2026. Series B Convertible Bonds are callable by the Company
on 60 days' notice, any time after January 1, 2024. 

Series A Convertible Debentures 

Series A Convertible Debentures A-Debentures are face value debentures. The A-Debentures bear an annual rate of simple. Interest shall be accrued and payable on March
31, June 30, September 30, and December 31 each year. A-Debentures are convertible into Shares at the rate of 150,000 Shares each. A-Debentures
shall mature on December 31, 2026, date they shall be paid, together with any accrued interest to the registered owner, unless having
been converted into Shares. 

On March 15, 2022, the Company entered into a
lease arrangement as the tenant of a dealership in Nashville Tennessee. The lease began on March 15, 2022 and is to be continued for a
period of 60 months. Base rent is 10,000 for years one and two of the Lease. At the beginning of the Third Lease Year the rent will be
increased by the cost of living increase comparing the end of the Second Lease Year to the first day of the First Lease Year using the
then current CPI Index for All Urban Consumers published by the U.S. Government. Once established the Base Rent shall remain the same
for years three, four and five. 

As of July 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
operating lease right-of use assets and lease liabilities, which had balances as follows: 

July 31, 
 July 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating lease liabilities: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

2,069,970 

The following summarizes right-of use asset and
lease information about the Company s operating lease as of July 31, 2022: 

Other information: 

Cash paid for operating cash flows from operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liability 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases (year) 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

Future minimum lease payments under the operating
lease liability has non-cancelable lease payments at July 31, 2022 as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease liability 

shares at the price of 7.50 per share 1,500,000). The put option is exercisable at any
time during the four (4) year period, beginning on December 1, 2023 and ending on December 1, 2027. As of July 31, 2022, the Company has
not recognized a liability for the option as it is currently not exercisable. 

Due to Related Party 

During the year ended
July 31, 2022, the Company entered into a line of credit agreement with its CEO for up to . Upon advancing funds to the Company,
the advance will be designated as either short-term, which may be called at any time on 30 days notice or long-term which may be called
upon with 12 months notice. The line of credit is unsecured and bears interest per annum. During
the year ended July 31, 2022, our CEO advanced and the Company repaid leaving a total balance owed of .

As
of July 31, 2021, t he Company was obligated to the former management of and it
was forgiven in September 2021, as a part of the change of control. 

Effective tax rate 

Tax benefit of net operating loss carryforward 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax assets 

Deferred tax assets consist of the following components
as of July 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The net operating losses NOLs carry forwards are subject to certain limitations due to the change in control of the Company pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section
382. The Company experienced a change in control for tax purposes in September 2021. Due to change of control, the Company estimates not
being able to carryover approximately 1,600,000 of NOL generated before September 2021 to offset future income. 

At July 31, 2022, the Company had approximately
 of net operating loss carryforwards that may be offset against future taxable income. No tax benefit has been reported in the
July 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount.
Tax returns for the years ended 2014 and forward are subject to review by the tax authorities. 

F- 25 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 motos_ex1001.htm
 BRANDON HOWARD EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.1 

MOTOS
AMERICA INC. 

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Employment Agreement for an
Executive (the Agreement is made and effective this 1 st Day of July, 2022. 

BETWEEN: Motos
America Inc. Motos or the Company ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada,
with its head office located at: 

510 So. 200 West 

 Suite 110 

 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 

AND: William Karl Brandon Howard 
 124 South Mountain Road 
 Fruit Heights, Utah 84037 

RECITALS 

In consideration of the covenants
and agreements herein contained and the moneys to be paid hereunder, the Company hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby
agrees to perform services as an Executive of the Company, upon the following terms and conditions: 

1) TERM. The Company hereby employs Executive to serve as Chief Operating
Officer, and to serve in such additional or different position or positions as the Company may determine in its sole discretion. The term
of employment shall be for a period of 5 years Employment Period to commence on July 1 2022, unless earlier terminated
as set forth herein. The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first set forth above, and it shall continue in effect until
the earlier of: 

i) The effective date of any subsequent employment agreement between the Company and
the Executive; 
 
 ii) The effective date of any termination of employment as provided elsewhere herein;
or 5 year(s) from the effective date hereof, provided, that this Employment Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods
of 5 years each unless either party gives written notice to other that it does not wish to automatically renew this Agreement, which written
notice must be received by the other party no less than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term. 

2) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. Executive will be reporting to the Chief Executive
Officer. Within the limitations established by the By-laws of the Company, the Executive shall have each and all of the duties and responsibilities
of that position and such other or different duties on behalf of the Company, as may be assigned from time to time by, or at the direction
of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Duties and Responsibilities of the Executive are enumerated in Addendum 1 
hereto, and may be modified from time to time by joint agreement of the Executive and the Company. 

1 

3) LOCATION. The initial principal location at which Executive shall perform
services for the Company shall be Salt Lake City, Utah or as directed by the Chief Executive Officer. 

4) ACCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT. Executive accepts employment with the Company upon
the terms set forth above and agrees to devote all Executive s time, energy and ability to the interests of the Company, and to
perform Executive s duties in an efficient, trustworthy and business-like manner. 

5) DEVOTION OF TIME TO EMPLOYMENT. The Executive shall devote the Executive's
best efforts and substantially all of the Executive's working time to performing the duties on behalf of the Company. The Executive shall
provide services during the normal business hours of the Company as determined by the Company. Reasonable amounts of time may be allotted
to personal or outside business, charitable and professional activities and shall not constitute a violation of this Agreement provided
such activities do not materially interfere with the services required to be rendered hereunder. 

6) QUALIFICATIONS. The Executive shall, as a condition of this Agreement, satisfy
all of the qualification that are reasonably and in good faith established by the Board of Directors. 

7) COMPENSATION. 

a) Base Salary . Executive shall be paid a base salary Base Salary at the annual rate
of 156,000 13,000 per month) payable
in semi-monthly installments of 6500 consistent with Company s payroll practices. The annual Base Salary shall be reviewed on or
before December 31st of each year, unless Executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement.
In consideration of the services under this Agreement, Executive shall be paid the aggregate of basic compensation, bonus and benefits
as hereinafter set forth. 
 
 b) Payment . Payment of all compensation to Executive hereunder shall be made
in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time, including normal payroll practices. 
 
 c) Benefits .
The Company shall provide Executive with such benefits as are provided to other senior management of the Company. Benefits shall include
at a minimum: 

i) paid time off (PTO) shall accrue as follows: 

Years 1 and 2 = 5 days 

Years 3 and 4 = 10 days 

Years 5+ = 15 days 

PTO shall be approved with by the Executive s direct
report, 

ii) health insurance coverage under the same terms as offered to other Executives of
the Company, 

iii) retirement programs as offered to other Executives of the Company, 

iv) such other benefits and perquisites as are approved by the Board of Directors, and 

v) paid holidays as per the Company s policies. 

vi) The Company has the right to modify conditions of participation, terminate any
benefit, or change insurance plans and other providers of such benefits in its sole discretion. The Executive shall be reimbursed for
out of pocket expenses that are pre-approved by the Company, subject to the Company s policies and procedures therefore, and only
for such items that are a necessary and integral part of the Executive s job functions. 

2 

d) Bonus 

i) From time to time, the Company may pay to Executive a bonus at the rate of up to 12,000 per year. 

ii) Payment of any bonus compensation shall be at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company or the
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Executive shall have no entitlement to any amount absent a decision
by the Company as aforesaid to make such bonus compensation. 

iii) Such bonuses, if any shall be added as a written addendum to this Agreement, and
based on achievement of KPI s set for the Executive by the Chief Executive, and/or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 

e) Nondeductible Compensation . In the event a deduction shall be disallowed
by the Internal Revenue Service or a court of competent jurisdiction for federal income tax purposes for all or any part of the payment
made to Executive by the Company or any other shareholder or Executive of the Company, and the Company shall be required by the Internal
Revenue Service to pay a deficiency on account of such disallowance, then Executive shall repay to the Company or such other individual
required to make such payment, an amount equal to the tax imposed on the disallowed portion of such payment, plus any and all interest
and penalties paid with respect thereto. The Company or other party required to make payment shall not be required to defend any proposed
disallowance or other action by the Internal Revenue Service or any other state, federal, or local taxing authorities. 
 
 f) Withholding . All sums payable to Executive under this Agreement will be
reduced by all federal, state, local, and other withholdings and similar taxes and payments required by applicable law. 

8) OTHER EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS 

a) Business Expenses . Upon submission of itemized expense statements in the
manner specified by the Company, Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for travel and other reasonable business expenses duly incurred
by Executive in the performance of his duties under this Agreement. 
 
 b) Benefit Plans . Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s
medical and dental plans, life and disability insurance plans and retirement plans pursuant to their terms and conditions. Executive shall
be entitled to participate in any other benefit plan offered by the Company to its Executives during the term of this Agreement (other
than stock option or stock incentive plans, which are governed by Section 8(c) below). Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company
or any affiliate of the Company from terminating or amending any Executive benefit plan or program from time to time. 
 
 c) Stock Options . Executive may be entitled to options to acquire shares of the Common Stock of
 the Company. If stock options are granted to the employee, such options will be governed in their entirety by the Motos
 America 2022 Stock Option Plan adopted by the shareholders of the Company, and the specific terms and conditions of a Motos
 America Inc. Stock Option Agreement , and a Motos America Inc. Stock Option Grant Notice (the forms of which
 are attached hereto as Exhibits A, B, and C respectively) entered into by and between the Executive and the Company. Nothing in this
 Agreement shall confer any rights, or privileges to acquire any stock options or other equity participation in the Company to the
 Executive, nor shall this Agreement create any burden or obligation on the Company to provide the same to the Executive. 

9) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. The Company shall have the authority to establish
from time to time the policies and procedures to be followed by the Executive in performing services for the Company. Executive shall
abide by the provisions of any contract entered into by the Company under which the Executive provides services. Executive shall comply
with the terms and conditions of any and all contracts entered by the Company. 

3 

10) TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. 

a) With Cause . Upon termination of Executive s employment with the Company
for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Executive, except to pay all accrued but unpaid base salary and accrued
PTO to the date of termination thereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may terminate Executive s employment
hereunder for cause for any one of the following reasons: 

i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where
imprisonment is imposed, 

ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any employment
or Company records, 

iii) improper disclosure of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, 

iv) any action by the Executive which has a detrimental effect on the Company s
reputation or business, 

v) Executive s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties
after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, 

vi) any breach of this Agreement, which breach is not cured within 7 days following
written notice of such breach, 

vii) a course of conduct amounting to gross incompetence, 

viii) chronic and unexcused absenteeism, 

ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or 

x) misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Executive s duties,
including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit
in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or
regulations on Company premises or to which the Company is subject. 

b) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder
at any time without cause, provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued PTO, less
deductions required by law, but if, and only if, Executive executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that the Executive
may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and Executive executes such form within 7 days of tender. 

c) Resignation . Upon termination of employment, Executive shall be deemed
to have resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company if they are a director. 

d) Cooperation . After notice of termination, Executive shall cooperate with
the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company, to effect a transition of Executive s responsibilities and to ensure that the
Company is aware of all matters being handled by Executive. 

e) Compensation After Notice of Termination . After notice of termination has
been given by either Company or Executive, as provided in this Article, Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation provided
for in this Agreement until the notice period has expired. It is understood that after the written notice is given by either Company or
Executive. Executive shall continue to devote substantially all of the Executive's time to the Executive's normal services for the Company
during the notice period, with sufficient time allowed, in the sole discretion of the Company, for Executive to seek new employment. 

4 

11) DISABILITY OF EXECUTIVE. The Company may terminate this Agreement without
 liability if Executive shall be permanently prevented from properly performing his essential duties hereunder with reasonable
 accommodation by reason of illness or other physical or mental incapacity for a period of more than 45 consecutive days. Upon such
 termination, Executive shall be entitled to all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and
PTO. 

i) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, whenever used in this Article 11: 

(a) Total disability shall mean that the Executive is unable, mentally
or physically, whether it be due to sickness, accident, age or other infirmity, to engage in any aspect of the Executive's normal duties
as set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Partial disability shall mean that the Executive is able to
perform, to some extent, on behalf of the Company, the particular services in which the Company specializes, and which the Executive previously
performed for the Company, but that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, to devote the same amount of time to such services
as was devoted prior to the occurrence of such sickness or accident. 
 
 (c) Normal monthly salary shall mean the salary which the Executive
is being paid by the Company per month as of the commencement date of the period of disability, as specified hereinabove or as determined
by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 
 (d) Total Disability . During a single period of total
disability of the Executive, the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company, the Executive's normal monthly salary for the
shorter of first three (3) months of disability or until any disability insurance policy available through the Executive s employment
begins to pay benefits. If the single period of disability should continue beyond three (3) months, the Executive shall receive only such
amount as the Executive shall be entitled to receive under disability insurance coverage on the Executive, if any. 
 
 (e) Partial Disability . During a period of partial disability of the Executive,
the Executive shall receive an amount of compensation computed as follows: 

1. That portion of the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation which bears the
same ratio to the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation as the amount of time which the Executive is able to devote to the usual
performance of services on behalf of the Company during such period bears to the total time the Executive devoted to performing such services
prior to the commencement date of the single period of disability, and 
 
 2. Such amount shall be calculated by multiplying the Executive s basic compensation
by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the percentage of normal services that the Executive is able to perform and the denominator
which shall be the total services that the Executive is able to perform absent the partial disability. 

ii) Combination of Total and Partial Disability . If a single period of
 disability of the Executive consists of a combination of total disability and partial disability, the maximum total disability
 compensation to which the Executive shall be entitled from the Company under this disability provision shall not exceed an amount
 equal to one (1) times the Executive's normal monthly
basic compensation. 

iii) Broken Periods of Disability. A period of disability may be continuous or
broken. If broken into partial periods of disability which are separated by intervening periods of work, there shall be aggregated together
all of such successive partial periods of disability except any period prior to the time when any single period of work extends for 2
months or longer; and such aggregated periods of disability shall be treated as a single period in determining the amount of disability
compensation to which an Executive shall be entitled under any provision of this Section. 

iv) Termination Due to Disability . If and when the period of total or partial
disability of the Executive totals 2 months, the Executive's employment with the Company shall automatically terminate. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the disabled Executive and the Company agree, the disabled Executive may thereafter be employed by the Company upon
such terms as may be mutually agreeable. 
 
 v) Commencement Date of Disability . The commencement date of a period of disability,
whether it be a continuous period or the aggregate of successive partial periods, shall be the first day on which the Executive is disabled. 
 
 vi) Dispute Regarding Existence of Disability . Any dispute regarding the existence,
extent or continuance of the disability shall be resolved by the determination of a majority of three (3) competent physicians, one (1)
of whom shall be selected by the Company, one (1) of whom shall be selected by the Executive and the third (3rd) of whom shall be selected
by the other two (2) physicians so selected. 

5 

12) DEATH OF EXECUTIVE. In the event the Executive shall die during the term
hereof, the Company shall pay to the Executive's surviving spouse, or if the Executive shall leave no surviving spouse, then to the Executive's
estate, only such amounts as may have been earned by the Executive prior to the Executive's date
of death, but which were unpaid at date of death. 

13) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that all
records with respect to the means and manner in which the Company conducts its business, in addition to the clients, business associates,
customer or referral lists, contracting parties and referral sources of the Company, and all personal, financial and business and proprietary
information of the Company, its Executives, officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the Executive during the term of this Agreement
and not generally known in the public (the Confidential Information are valuable, special and unique and proprietary assets
of the Company's business. The Executive hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement,
whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration
of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose any Confidential Information, in full
or in part, in written or other form, to any person, firm, Company, association or other entity, or utilize the same for any reason or
purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Company. Confidential Information 
shall also include any information (including, but not limited to, technical or non-technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation,
a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual
or potential customers, or suppliers) that: (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not
being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (ii) is the
subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. In the case of Company's business, Company's Trade
Secrets include (without limitation) information regarding names and addresses of any customers, sales personnel, account invoices, training
and educational manuals, administrative manuals, prospective customer leads, in whatever form, whether or not computer or electronically
accessible on-line. 

14) EXCLUSIVE EMPLOYMENT. During employment with the Company, Executive will
not do anything to compete with the Company s present or contemplated business, nor will he or she plan or organize any competitive
business activity. Executive will not enter into any agreement which conflicts with his duties or obligations to the Company. Executive
will not during his employment or within 2
year after it ends, without the Company s express written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any Executive, agent,
independent contractor, supplier, customer, consultant or any other person or company to terminate or alter a relationship with the Company. 

15) HIRING. The Executive agrees that during the Executive's employment with
the Company and for a period of 2 years following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary,
or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will
not attempt to hire any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage any other
Executive or independent contractor of the Company to leave the Company's employ. 

16) ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER. Executive s rights and obligations under this
Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation thereof shall be
void. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser of substantially all of Company s
assets, any corporate successor to Company or any assignee thereof. 

6 

17) NO INCONSISTENT OBLIGATIONS. Executive is aware of no obligations, legal
or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or with his undertaking employment with the Company. Executive will not disclose
to the Company, or use, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary information or trade secrets of others. Executive represents and
warrants that he or she has returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers. 

18) ATTORNEYS FEES. The parties hereto agree that, in the event of breach
or threatened breach of any covenants of Executive, the damage or imminent damage to the value and the goodwill of the Company s
business shall be inestimable, and that therefore any remedy at law or in damages shall be inadequate. Accordingly, the parties hereto
agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief against Executive in the event of any breach or threatened breach of any
of such provisions by Executive, in addition to any other relief (including damages) available to the Company under this Agreement or
under law. The prevailing party in any action instituted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses incurred in such action. In the event that either
party is required to engage the services of legal counsel to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement against the other party,
regardless of whether such action results in litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees, costs of
legal assistants, and other costs from the other party, which shall include any fees or costs incurred at trial or in any appellate proceeding,
and expenses and other costs, including any accounting expenses incurred. 

19) GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Utah without regard to conflict of law principles. 

20) AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Executive
and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. 

21) SEVERABILITY. If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement,
or the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of
this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full
force and effect. 

22) CONSTRUCTION. The headings and captions of this Agreement are provided for
convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or interpreting this Agreement. The language in all parts of this Agreement
shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against the Company or Executive. 

23) RIGHTS CUMULATIVE. The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are
cumulative, and the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its successor), whether pursuant to this Agreement,
to any other agreement, or to law, shall not preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies. 

24) NONWAIVER. No failure or neglect of either party hereto in any instance
to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall constitute a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or of
the same right, power or privilege in any other instance. All waivers by either party hereto must be contained in a written instrument
signed by the party to be charged and, in the case of the Company, by an officer of the Company (other than Executive) or other person
duly authorized by the Company. 

25) NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein,
shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case
of the Executive to the Executive's residence address set forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be
designated by the Executive. 

7 

26) ASSISTANCE IN LITIGATION. Executive shall, during and after termination
of employment, upon reasonable notice, furnish such information and proper assistance to the Company as may reasonably be required by
the Company in connection with any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is, or may become a party; provided,
however, that such assistance following termination shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and for mutually agreeable compensation. 

27) ARBITRATION. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the
parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be settled by arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association,
but the arbitration shall be in front of an arbitrator, with the following exceptions if in conflict: (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen
by mutual consent of the Company and the Executive; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and
fees of the arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator(s); and (c) arbitration
may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings has been given to such party. The parties agree to abide
by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings. Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive
and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection.
All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity; provided however, that
nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the Company from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable
relief or relief under the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement. The arbitrator shall not have the right to award
punitive damages, consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages to either party. The parties shall keep confidential the
existence of the claim, controversy or disputes from third parties (other than the arbitrator), and the determination thereof, unless
otherwise required by law or necessary for the business of the Company. The
arbitrator(s) shall be required to follow applicable law. 

IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION
CLAUSE BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO. 

28) SOLICITATION. The Executive further agrees that during the term of this Agreement
and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause,
or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not, in any manner or at
any time, solicit or encourage any person, firm, Company or other business entity who are clients, business associates or referral sources
of the Company to cease doing business with the Company or to do business with the Executive. 

29) COVENANTS INDEPENDENT. Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Executive
set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any
other agreement which the Company and the Executive may have, fully performed and not executory, and the existence of any claim or cause
of action by the Executive against the Company whether predicated upon another covenant or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall
not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any other covenant. 

8 

30) INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF. Executive and Company recognize and expressly
agree that the extent of damages to Company in the event of a breach by Executive of any restrictive covenant set forth herein would be
impossible to ascertain, that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably presumed, and that the remedy at law
for any breach will be inadequate to compensate the Company. Consequently, the Executive agrees that in the event of a breach of any such
covenant, in addition to any other relief to which Company may be entitled, Company shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive
or other equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

31) INDEMNIFICATION. The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the
Company and its officers, directors, shareholders and Executives harmless from and against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or
all costs of prosecution or defense of their rights hereunder, whether in judicial proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether
out of court, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys' fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising
from or growing out of the Executive's breach or threatened breach of any covenant contained herein. 

32) ACKNOWLEDGMENT. The Executive acknowledges that when this Agreement is
concluded, the Executive will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing restrictions and that the Executive's recognition
and representation of this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement and to Executive's continued relationship
with the Company. 

33) SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS. All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement
shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

34) LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY. Without the express written consent from the
Board of Directors of the Company, the Executive shall have no apparent or implied authority to: 

a) Pledge the credit of the Company or any of its other Executives; 
 
 b) Bind the Company under any contract, agreement, note, mortgage or otherwise release
or discharge any debt due the Company unless the Company has received the full amount thereof; or sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any assets of the Company. 

35) REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY OF EXECUTIVE. The Executive acknowledges and
understands that the Company has extended employment opportunities to Executive based upon Executive's representation and warranty that
Executive is in good health and able to perform the work contemplated by this Agreement for the term hereof. 

36) INVALID PROVISION; SEVERABILITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of a
particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the Agreement shall be construed in all respects
as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted. 

37) MODIFICATION. No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in
 writing and signed by the parties hereto. 

9 

38) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be changed only
by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, amendment, modification, or discharge is sought. 

39) DISPUTES. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the
parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be arbitrated in accord with Section 27 herein above.
If for any reason, before or after arbitration, any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement is litigated,
it shall litigated solely in state or federal court in Salt Lake City, Utah. Each party hereby: 

a) submits to the jurisdiction of such court, 
 
 b) waives the defense of an inconvenient forum, 
 c) agrees that valid consent to service may be made by mailing or delivery
of such service to the Secretary of State (the Agent or to the party at the party s last known address, if personal
service delivery cannot be easily effected, and 
 
 d) authorizes and directs the Agent to accept such service in the event that personal service delivery cannot easily be effected. 

40) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury as to any issue relating hereto in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or any other matter involving the parties hereto. 

(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS) 

10 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, each party to this Agreement has caused
it to be executed at Salt Lake City, UT on the date indicated below. 

Motos America Inc. 

DATE: Jun 20 2022 16:05 MST 
 
 /s/ Vance Harrison 

By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer 

Participant 

/s/ William Karl Brandon Howard 
 DATE: Jun 20 2022 16:05 MST 

William Karl Brandon Howard 

11 

Addendum 1 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
OF W. K. BRANDON HOWARD 

Dated July 1, 2022 

Brandon Howard will serve as the Chief Operating Officer
(COO)of the Company, with all duties and responsibilities commonly associated with that office. 

Objectives 

Based on the COO s contributions and efforts, Motos
America will accomplish the following: 

The company operates at its highest capacity for profitability and performance
using pre- defined processes and standard operating procedures (SOPs) at both the corporate and dealership level. 
 
 Pre-determined KPIs are developed, reviewed and reported to the Executive team. 
 
 Executive team members use accomplish their objectives utilizing a common platform,
software programs, applications, etc. 
 
 Standards for managing projects are clearly defined and understood. 
 
 Company administrative objectives are clearly understood and communicated to
all executive team members, employees, and contractors. 
 
 Executives and other associates are able to manage their projects in a more timely
and efficient manner, based on the development and execution of the ERP platform. 

Deliverables 

The following are deliverables associated with the COO s
role: 

Executive Team 

o Determines and provides weekly, monthly, quarterly, and yearly reporting standards. 

o Weekly meetings to ensure continuity of company mission, vision and strategy. 

o Delegates necessary tasks from the Executive team to appropriate contractors and/or
employees. 

o Maintains calendaring for the Executive team. 

12 

Dealership Operations 

o Oversee the integration of newly acquired dealerships into the Motos management
systems, and the implementation of SOPs in newly acquired dealerships. 
 
 o Oversee the transition of employees at newly acquired dealerships into the payroll
and human resource management system of the Company. 
 
 o Oversee the administration of facilities at all dealerships. 

Standardized Processes Procedures (SOPs) 

o Development and implementation of SOPs at both dealership and corporate level. 
 
 o Dissemination of information to all employees and contractors. 
 
 o Enforcement of all processes and procedures. 
 
 o Organization of all physical and electronic files. 

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) 

o Daily and weekly oversight of employee and contractor tasks. 
 
 o Weekly management of projects. 
 
 o Management of electronic and physical filing of documents. 
 
 o Development and implementation of project management system. 
 
 o KPI development, review, and reporting. 

Human Resources Management: 

o Oversight of employee and contractor payroll at the corporate level. 
 
 o Scheduling of corporate level employees (time off, working hours, etc.). 
 
 o Development of employee and/or contractor onboarding. 
 
 o Development and implementation of all employee training. 
 
 o Communication of processes and procedures, and oversight to implementation in
 daily workflow. 
 
 o Development of comprehensive trainings for employees and/or contractors 

13 

EXHIBIT A 

MOTOS
AMERICA INC. 

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

MOTOS AMERICA 2022 STOCK
OPTION PLAN 

14 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN 

This Stock Option Plan Option
Plan is adopted by Motos America Inc. (the Company on the February 16, 2022, to be effective until all options
granted hereunder are exercised, or until amended or rescinded by action of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

1) ALLOCATION OF SHARES TO THE PLAN. Motos America Inc. does hereby allocate
One Million Five Hundred Thousand (1,500,000) shares of its 0.001 par value common voting shares under this Option Plan, to be allocated
among key employees, directors and key associates of the Company at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and as
approved by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company Board ). 

2) ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS. Eligible Participants shall be determined from time
to time by the Board from among the key employees of the Company, members of the Board of Directors of the Company, and key service suppliers
to the Company. Such eligible participant shall be entitled to participate in this incentive stock option plan as part of their employment,
retainer, or service agreements, when granted such options by the action of the Board by conveying to the Participant a Stock Option Grant
Notice, substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Addendum 1 , and by entering into a Stock Option Agreement with
the Company the form of which is attached hereto as Addendum 2 . 

3) RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS . Each Stock Option Agreement entered into shall
define the number of shares available to the Participant, the term of the Options, the vesting period and conditions of such vesting,
the means and method of the exercise of such Options, the exercise price of such Options, as well as the means and methods of payment
for the exercise of such Options. Each Stock Option Agreement shall further define the rights of the Participant to transfer their Options,
and under what circumstances the Company may withdraw the Options granted to the Participant. 

4) GOVERNING LAW. This Option Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the state of Nevada, and further subject to the regulations and rules of the 

15 

United States Internal Revenue Service,
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, NASDAQ, and any other Self-Regulatory
Organization to which the Company reports, or may report during the pendency of this Option Plan. 

Motos America Inc. 

DATE: Feb 17 2022 12:27
 MST 
 
 /s/ Vance Harrison 

By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer 

Certification: 

I Terina Liddiard, Secretary of the Company do hereby
swear and attest that the forgoing Stock Option Plan was adopted by unanimous consent of the Board of Directors and the Shareholders
of the Company at a Special Joint Meeting of the same held on February 16, 2022. 

/s/ Terina Liddiard 
 DATE: Feb 17 2022 13:52
 MST 

Terina Liddiard, Secretary 

16 

EXHIBIT B 

MOTOS
AMERICA INC. 

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENT 

W.K. Brandon Howard Executive Employment Agreement 

17 

EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

This Employee Stock Option Agreement Option Agreement is made and entered into as of the date of grant set forth below Date of Grant 

BETWEEN: Motos
America Inc. Motos or the Company ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada,
with its head office located at: 

510 So. 200 West 

 Suite 110 

 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 

AND: William Karl Brandon Howard 
 
 124 South Mountain Road 
 Fruit Heights, Utah 84037 

Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant
Notice Grant Notice and this Option Agreement, Motos America Inc. Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company has granted you an option under its 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase the number of shares of
the Company's Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. The option is granted
to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any
conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly
defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. 

The details of your option, in addition
to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS 

1.1. In the following clauses: 

a) Participant means an individual who is a manager, employee
or a contractor of the Company, who is selected at the discretion of the Company to be granted stock options; 

b) Option means the stock option that entitles the Participant
to acquire shares of the Company during the Exercise Period against payment of the Exercise Price provided for in Section 3. 

c) Option Shares means the total amount of common voting shares
of the Company which are made available for purchase by the Participant by means of the present Employee Stock Option Agreement; 

d) Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and
the Company enter into this Employee Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option; 

18 

e) Vesting means the to the process by which the Participant
acquires the Option Shares granted to him/her through this Employee Stock Option Agreement. Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option
will vest as set out in your Grant Notice. The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service; 

f) Vesting Period is the period of time before shares are unconditionally
owned by an employee. If that person's employment terminates before the end of the vesting period, the company can buy back the shares
at the original price. 

g) Vesting Schedule means a table indicating the number of Option
Shares that will vest throughout the Vesting Period, which the Participant may purchase after the Vesting Period or upon the occurrence
of any of the triggering events under section 16,17 and 18; 

h) Vested Option Shares means a portion of the total amount of
Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire throughout the Vesting Period and the total amount of Option Shares
which the Participant has earned the right to acquire after the Vesting Period has ended; 

i) Anniversary Date means the date that is 7 years from the
Date of Grant of the Option and as of which the Option may be exercised; 

j) Exercise means the purchase of all Option Shares by the Participant
after the Vesting Period has ended, or the purchase of a fraction of vested Option Shares by the Participant upon the occurrence of certain
triggering events. 

k) Exercise Price means the price, determined at the Date of
Grant, at which an Option Share can be purchased by the Participant; 

l) Exercise Period means the period of time during which the
Participant may purchase the Option Shares; 

19 

2. OPTION GRANT 

On the date of entry into force of
this Agreement, (the Grant Date ), the Company grants the participant an option (the Option to purchase
the aggregate number of 50, 000 common voting shares of the Company as described above (the Option Shares against
payment of the exercise price per share of 3.33 indicated above (the Exercise Price during the exercise period beginning
on July 1, 2023 and ending on July 1, 2030 subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

3. EXERCISE PRICE 

The exercise price is set at 3.33 per
share, which represents the fair market value per share of the Company on the grant date, determined by the Company. Also, the number
of common shares subject to your option and your exercise price per share may be adjusted from time to time for capital adjustments. 

4. METHOD OF PAYMENT 

Payment of the exercise price
is due in full upon exercise of all or any part of your option. You may elect to make payment of the exercise price of your option
in cash or by check or in any other manner permitted above, which may include one or more of the following: 

a) Bank draft or money order payable to the Company. 

5. WHOLE SHARES 

You may exercise your option only for
whole Common Shares. 

6. VESTING RIGHTS 

Subject to the provisions hereof,
your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice. The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service. 

20 

7. EXERCISE . 

You may exercise the vested portion
of your option during its term by delivering a notice (in a form designated by the Company) together with the exercise price to the Company's
Plan administrator, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours, together with such additional
documents as the Company may then require. 

a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of
your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company)
or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any
applicable withholding taxes to the Company's Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate,
together with such additional documents as the Company may then require. 

b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your
option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding
obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to
which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon
such exercise. 

c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree
that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common
Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two (2) years after the Date of Grant or within one (1) year after such shares
of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. 

8. EXERCISE PRIOR TO VESTING EARLY EXERCISE 

If permitted in your Grant Notice (i.e.,
the Exercise Schedule indicates Early Exercise Permitted and subject to the provisions of your
option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option,
to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option; provided, however, that: 

a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares
of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock; 

b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested
as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company's form of Early
Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement; 

c) you will enter into the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement
with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred. 

21 

9. TERM 

Unless otherwise specified, you may
not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option's term. The term of your option expires upon the
earliest of the following: 

a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause; 

b) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason
other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 9(d) below); provided, however, that if during
any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section below
relating to Securities Law Compliance , your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until
it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service; provided further,
if during any part of such three (3) month period, the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would violate the
Company's insider trading policy, then your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable
for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock
received upon exercise of your option would not be in violation of the Company's insider trading policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if (i) you are a Non-Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six (6) months after the Date of Grant, and (iii)
you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire
until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven (7) months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three (3)
months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date; 

c) twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your
Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 9(d)) below; 

d) eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous
Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause; 

e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or 

f) the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

If your option is an Incentive Stock
Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all
times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three (3) months before the date of your option's exercise, you must be an
employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. The Company has provided for extended exercisability
of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive
Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates
or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three (3) months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 

10. SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE 

In no event may you exercise your
option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the
Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not
exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including
any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable). 

22 

11. RESTRICTION OF EXERCISE FOR EMPLOYEES NOT EXEMPTED : 

If you are an employee eligible
for overtime pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (i.e., an non-exempt employee ), and unless
otherwise provided in the plan, you may not exercise your election until you have completed at least six (6) months of continuous service
from the date of the grant, even if you have been an employee for more than six (6) months. In accordance with the provisions of the Workers'
Economic Opportunities Act, you may exercise your option in respect of any portion vested before this six (6) month anniversary in the
event of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a business transaction for which your option is not deemed, maintained or replaced, (iii)
a change of control or (iv) your termination of continuous service when you retire (as defined in the Corporation's benefit
plans). 

12. TRANSFERABILITY 

a) Restrictions on Transfer . Your option shall not be transferable except by will
or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you; provided, however, that the Company's
Board of Directors (the Board may, in its sole discretion, permit you to transfer your option in a manner consistent
with applicable tax and securities laws upon your request. 

b) Domestic Relations Orders . Notwithstanding the foregoing, your option may
be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order. You may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order,
official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421- 1(b)(2) that
contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division
of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required
information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. If this option is an Incentive Stock Option,
this option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 

c) Beneficiary Designation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may, by delivering
written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event
of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise your option. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator
of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration
resulting from such exercise. 

d) Certain Trusts . You may also transfer your option to a trust if you are
considered to be the sole beneficial owner while the option is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other
agreements required by the Company 

13. OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT 

Your option is not an employment
or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue
in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your
option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue
any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 

23 

14. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS 

a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter
as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to
make adequate provision for (including by means of a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation
T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state,
local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. 

b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, in its sole discretion,
and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested Common Shares otherwise
issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole Common Shares having a Market Price, determined by the Company as of
the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary
to avoid variable award accounting). Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall
be your sole responsibility. 

15. TAX CONSEQUENCES 

You hereby agree that the Company
does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities.
You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities
arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the
Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the fair market value per share
of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option. 

16. BAD LEAVER 

In the event that the Participant's
employment relationship with the Company ends because he has become Bad Leaver (i.e. dismissal for an urgent reason such as a material
breach of the Participant's Employment Agreement or the Employee Stock Option Agreement, or similar reasons determined by the Company): 

a) The acquisition of the shares covered by options ceases immediately; 

b) If the participant becomes a bad leaver during the vesting period, the vested
shares of an option and unvested shares of an option become void and the participant no longer has any rights with respect to such vested
or unvested shares; 

c) If the Participant becomes a bad leaver after the exercise of the Option Shares,
the Participant must offer and, if such offer is accepted by the Corporation, transfer all of the Option Shares held by the Participant
to the Corporation, which is not required to accept the above offer. If the participant who is a bad leaver refuses to make the transfer,
the Company has the right to cancel all of the participant's outstanding option shares and to pay the participant the par value of the
option shares so cancelled. 

24 

17. MEMBER'S DISABILITY 

In the event of termination of
the Participant's employment contract due to a disability on the Participant's side Disability Termination ), the
Participant may, but only within 6 months following the date of termination of employment (but in no event later than the expiry
date of the term of this Option), exercise this Option to the extent that the Participant had the right to exercise it on such
termination date. To the extent that the member was not entitled to exercise this option on the date of termination of disability,
or if he does not exercise it within the time limits provided herein, this option shall terminate. 

18. DEATH OF THE PARTICIPANT 

In the event of the death of the Participant
occurring during the term of this Option and while the Participant is an employee of the Corporation, provided that the Participant has
had continuous employee status since the date of grant of this Option, this Option may be exercised at any time within 12 months following
the date of death by a person entitled to exercise this Option by legacy or inheritance, but only to the extent of the exercise right
that had accrued at the time of the death of the Participant. To the extent that the Participant did not have the right to exercise the
Option on the date of death, or if a person authorized by the Participant does not exercise such Option within the 12 months period specified
herein, such Option shall terminate. 

19. NOTICES 

Any notices provided for in your
option or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon your receipt or, in the case of notices delivered
by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to
the Company. 

20. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT 

Your option is subject to all the
provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations,
amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict
between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. The Board (or appropriate committee
thereof) will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and
application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations
and determinations made by the Board will be final and binding upon you, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the
Board will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement. 

21. EFFECT ON OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 

The value of this option will not
be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit
plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights
to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's or any Affiliate's employee benefit plans. 

25 

22. SEVERABILITY 

If all or any part of this
Option Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or
invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section
of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a
manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining
lawful and valid. 

23. MISCELLANEOUS 

a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your option shall be transferable
to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
the Company's successors and assigns. 

b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary
or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option. 

c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety,
have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option and fully understand all provisions
of your option. 

d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations,
and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 

e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding
on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation
or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 

24. GOVERNING LAW 

This Employee Stock Option Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah. Disputes shall in the first place be attempted to
be settled by amicable means and if amicable resolution is not possible within a reasonable period of 3 months, the State Court of the
State of Utah shall have jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or by reason of this Agreement. 

26 

This Stock Option Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with laws of the State of Nevada, which state shall have jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of, in connection
with, or by reason of this Agreement. 

Motos America Inc. 

DATE: Jun 20 2022 16:05 MST 
 
 /s/ Vance Harrison 

By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer 

Participant 

/s/ William Karl Brandon Howard 
 DATE: Jun 20 2022 16:05 MST 

William Karl Brandon Howard 

27 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

Motos America Inc. 

Attention: Stock Plan Administrator 

Date of Exercise: _______________________________ 

This constitutes notice to Motos America
Inc. (the Company under my stock option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock
of the Company (the Shares for the price set forth below. 

Type of option (check one): 
 Incentive 
 Nonstatutory 
 
 Stock option dated: 
 ___________________ 
 ___________________ 
 
 Number of Shares as to which option is exercised: 
 
 ___________________ 

___________________ 
 
 Certificates to be issued in name of: 

___________________ 

___________________ 
 
 Total exercise price: 
 ___________________ 
 ___________________ 
 
 Cash payment delivered herewith: 

___________________ 

___________________ 

Value 
 of __________Shares 
 delivered herewith: 

Value 
 of __________ Shares 
 pursuant to
 net exercise: 

___________________ 

___________________ 
 
 Regulation T Program 
 (cashless exercise): 

___________________ 

___________________ 

By this exercise,
I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Motos America Inc. 2022 Stock Option
Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating
to the exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an Incentive Stock Option, to notify you in writing within fifteen
(15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two (2) years
after the date of grant of this option or within one (1) year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option. 

I further agree
that, if required by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of
the offering of any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale
of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale
with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days
following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the
underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rule or
regulation) (the Lock-Up Period ). I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be
reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further
effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop transfer instructions with respect to
securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such period. 

Very truly yours, 

NAME 

28 

EXHIBIT C 

MOTOS
AMERICA INC. 

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 

29 

MOTOS
AMERICA INC. 

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 

This Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice is made and effective on Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the
Company enter into an Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option options described hereinafter; 

BETWEEN: Motos America Inc. Motos or the Company ), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at: 

510 So. 200 West 

 Suite 110 

 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 

AND: William Karl Brandon Howard (the Participant ), located at: 

124 South Mountain Road 

 Fruit Heights Utah, 84037 

Notice is hereby given of the
following Option to purchase shares of the 0.001 par value common voting shares of the Company Option Shares has been
awarded to Participant: 

Participant: William Karl Brandon Howard 

Date of Grant: July 1, 2022 

Vesting Period 5 years 

Exercise Price 3.33 

Number of Option Shares: 50,000 

Expiration Date: July 1, 2030 
 
 Vesting Schedule: 20 per year based on KPI attainment 
 
 Exercise Schedule: No
exercise before July 1, 2023 
 
 No exercise after July 1, 2030 
 
 Early Exercise Permitted: No 

This Grant Notice is qualified
in its entirety by the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan , and a Stock Option Agreement 
that must be entered into by and between the Company and the Participant before this Grant Notice is of any effect. 

30 

NO EMPLOYMENT
OR SERVICE CONTRACT 

Nothing in this Grant Notice or
in the Stock Option Agreement shall confer upon Participant any right to continue their employment, or offering their services for any
period of specific duration, nor shall this Grant Notice interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or
any affiliate employing or retaining Participant) or of Participant, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate
Participant 's service/employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause. 

Motos America Inc. 

/s/ Vance Harrison 
 Jun 20 2022 16:05 MST 

Date 
 
 By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer 

Participant 

/s/ William Karl Brandon Howard 
 Jun 20 2022 16:05 MST 

Date 
 
 William Karl Brandon Howard 

31 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 motos_ex1002.htm
 DALE DARLING EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.2 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement for an Executive (the "Agreement") is made and effective this 10 th day of January, 2022. BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Dale Z. Darling (the "Participant"), located at: 124 West 300 South # 234 Spring City, UT 84662 Email: dale@motosamerica.com Phone: 385 - 386 - 6700 RECITALS In consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and the moneys to be paid hereunder, the Company hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby agrees to perform services as an Executive of the Company, upon the following terms and conditions : 1) TERM . The Company hereby employs Executive to serve as Chief Marketing Officer and to serve in such additional or different position or positions as the Company may determine in its sole discretion . The term of employment shall be for a period of 5 years Employment Period to commence on January 10 , 2022 , unless earlier terminated as set forth herein . The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first set forth above, and it shall continue in effect until the earlier of : i) The effective date of any subsequent employment agreement between the Company Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 1 of 19 

and the Executive ; ii) The effective date of any termination of employment as provided elsewhere herein ; or 5 year(s) from the effective date hereof, provided, that this Employment Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of 5 years each unless either party gives written notice to other that it does not wish to automatically renew this Agreement, which written notice must be received by the other party no less than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term . 2) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES . Executive will be reporting to the Chief Executive Officer . Within the limitations established by the By - laws of the Company, the Executive shall have each and all of the duties and responsibilities of that position and such other or different duties on behalf of the Company, as may be assigned from time to time by, or at the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company . The Duties and Responsibilities of the Executive are enumerated in Addendum 1 hereto, and may be modified from time to time by joint agreement of the Executive and the Company . 3) LOCATION . The initial principal location at which Executive shall perform services for the Company shall be 510 So . 200 W . Salt Lake City, UT 84101 or as directed by the Chief Executive Officer . 4) ACCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT . Executive accepts employment with the Company upon the terms set forth above and agrees to devote all Executive s time, energy and ability to the interests of the Company, and to perform Executive s duties in an efficient, trustworthy and business - like manner . 5) DEVOTION OF TIME TO EMPLOYMENT . The Executive shall devote the Executive's best efforts and substantially all of the Executive's working time to performing the duties on behalf of the Company . The Executive shall provide services during the normal business hours of the Company as determined by the Company . Reasonable amounts of time may be allotted to personal or outside business, charitable and professional activities and shall not constitute a violation of this Agreement provided such activities do not materially interfere with the services required to be rendered hereunder . 6) QUALIFICATIONS . The Executive shall, as a condition of this Agreement, satisfy all of the qualification that are reasonably and in good faith established by the Board of Directors . Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 2 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

7) COMPENSATION. a) Base Salary . Executive shall be paid a base salary Base Salary at the annual rate of 72 , 000 for 2022 , 90 , 000 for 2023 , 120 , 000 for 2024 , 120 , 000 plus COLA for 2025 , 120 , 000 plus COLA for 2026 , payable in bi - weekly installments consistent with Company s payroll practices . The annual Base Salary shall be reviewed on or before December 31 st of each year, unless Executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement . In consideration of the services under this Agreement, Executive shall be paid the aggregate of basic compensation, bonus and benefits as hereinafter set forth . b) Payment . Payment of all compensation to Executive hereunder shall be made in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time, including normal payroll practices . c) Benefits . The Company shall provide Executive with such benefits as are provided to other senior management of the Company . Benefits shall include at a minimum : i) paid time off (PTO) shall accrue as follows : Years 1 and 2 = 5 days Years 3 and 4 = 10 days Years 5+ = 15 days Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 3 of 19 iii) PTO shall be approved with by the Executive s direct report, ii) health insurance coverage under the same terms as offered to other Executives of the Company, retirement programs as offered to other Executives of the Company, iv) such other benefits and perquisites as are approved by the Board of Directors, and v) paid holidays as per the Company s policies . vi) The Company has the right to modify conditions of participation, terminate any benefit, or change insurance plans and other providers of such benefits in its sole discretion . The Executive shall be reimbursed for out of pocket expenses that are pre - approved by the Company, subject to the Company s policies and procedures therefore, and only for such items that are a necessary and integral part of the Executive s job functions . d) Bonus i) From time to time, the Company may pay to Executive a bonus . ii) Payment of any bonus compensation shall be at the sole discretion of the Board of Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

Directors of the Company or the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Executive shall have no entitlement to any amount absent a decision by the Company as aforesaid to make such bonus compensation . iii) Such bonuses, if any shall be added as a written addendum to this Agreement . e) Nondeductible Compensation . In the event a deduction shall be disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service or a court of competent jurisdiction for federal income tax purposes for all or any part of the payment made to Executive by the Company or any other shareholder or Executive of the Company, and the Company shall be required by the Internal Revenue Service to pay a deficiency on account of such disallowance, then Executive shall repay to the Company or such other individual required to make such payment, an amount equal to the tax imposed on the disallowed portion of such payment, plus any and all interest and penalties paid with respect thereto . The Company or other party required to make payment shall not be required to defend any proposed disallowance or other action by the Internal Revenue Service or any other state, federal, or local taxing authorities . f) Withholding . All sums payable to Executive under this Agreement will be reduced by all federal, state, local, and other withholdings and similar taxes and payments required by applicable law . 8) OTHER EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS a) Business Expenses . Upon submission of itemized expense statements in the manner specified by the Company, Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses duly incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties under this Agreement . b) Benefit Plans . Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s medical and dental plans, life and disability insurance plans and retirement plans pursuant to their terms and conditions . Executive shall be entitled to participate in any other benefit plan offered by the Company to its Executives during the term of this Agreement (other than stock option or stock incentive plans, which are governed by Section 8 (c) below) . Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any affiliate of the Company from terminating or amending any Executive benefit plan or program from time to time . c) Stock Options . Executive may be entitled to options to acquire shares of the Common Stock of the Company . If stock options are granted to the employee, such options will be governed in their entirety by the Motos America 2022 Stock Option Plan adopted by the Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 4 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

shareholders of the Company, and the specific terms and conditions of a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Agreement , and a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Grant Notice (the forms of which are attached hereto as Exhibits A, B, and C respectively) entered into by and between the Executive and the Company . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer any rights, or privileges to acquire any stock options or other equity participation in the Company to the Executive, nor shall this Agreement create any burden or obligation on the Company to provide the same to the Executive . 9) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES . The Company shall have the authority to establish from time to time the policies and procedures to be followed by the Executive in performing services for the Company . Executive shall abide by the provisions of any contract entered into by the Company under which the Executive provides services . Executive shall comply with the terms and conditions of any and all contracts entered by the Company . 10) TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. a) With Cause . Upon termination of Executive s employment with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Executive, except to pay all accrued but unpaid base salary and accrued PTO to the date of termination thereof . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for cause for any one of the following reasons : Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 5 of 19 iii) i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment is imposed, ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any employment or Company records, improper disclosure of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, iv) any action by the Executive which has a detrimental effect on the Company s reputation or business, v) Executive s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, vi) any breach of this Agreement, which breach is not cured within 7 days following written notice of such breach, vii) a course of conduct amounting to gross incompetence, viii) chronic and unexcused absenteeism, Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or x) misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Executive s duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which the Company is subject . b) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder at any time without cause, provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued PTO, less deductions required by law, but if, and only if, Executive executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that the Executive may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and Executive executes such form within 7 days of tender . c) Resignation . Upon termination of employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company if they are a director . d) Cooperation . After notice of termination, Executive shall cooperate with the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company, to effect a transition of Executive s responsibilities and to ensure that the Company is aware of all matters being handled by Executive . e) Compensation After Notice of Termination . After notice of termination has been given by either Company or Executive, as provided in this Article, Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation provided for in this Agreement until the notice period has expired . It is understood that after the written notice is given by either Company or Executive . Executive shall continue to devote substantially all of the Executive's time to the Executive's normal services for the Company during the notice period, with sufficient time allowed, in the sole discretion of the Company, for Executive to seek new employment . 11 DISABILITY OF EXECUTIVE . The Company may terminate this Agreement without liability if Executive shall be permanently prevented from properly performing his essential duties hereunder with reasonable accommodation by reason of illness or other physical or mental incapacity for a period of more than 45 consecutive days . Upon such termination, Executive shall be entitled to all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and PTO . Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 6 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

i) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, whenever used in this Article 13 : (a) " Total disability " shall mean that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, whether it be due to sickness, accident, age or other infirmity, to engage in any aspect of the Executive's normal duties as set forth in this Agreement . (b) " Partial disability " shall mean that the Executive is able to perform, to some extent, on behalf of the Company, the particular services in which the Company specializes, and which the Executive previously performed for the Company, but that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, to devote the same amount of time to such services as was devoted prior to the occurrence of such sickness or accident . (c) " Normal monthly salary " shall mean the salary which the Executive is being paid by the Company per month as of the commencement date of the period of disability, as specified hereinabove or as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the terms hereof . (d) Total Disability . During a single period of total disability of the Executive, the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company, the Executive's normal monthly salary for the shorter of first three 3 months of disability or until any disability insurance policy available through the Executive s employment begins to pay benefits . If the single period of disability should continue beyond three 3 months, the Executive shall receive only such amount as the Executive shall be entitled to receive under disability insurance coverage on the Executive, if any . (e) Partial Disability . During a period of partial disability of the Executive, the Executive shall receive an amount of compensation computed as follows : 1. That portion of the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation which bears the same ratio to the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation as the amount of time which the Executive is able to devote to the usual performance of services on behalf of the Company during such period bears to the total time the Executive devoted to performing such services prior to the commencement date of the single period of disability, and 2. Such amount shall be calculated by multiplying the Executive s basic compensation by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 7 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

percentage of normal services that the Executive is able to perform and the denominator which shall be the total services that the Executive is able to perform absent the partial disability . Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 8 of 19 iii) ii) Combination of Total and Partial Disability . If a single period of disability of the Executive consists of a combination of total disability and partial disability, the maximum total disability compensation to which the Executive shall be entitled from the Company under this disability provision shall not exceed an amount equal to one 1 times the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation . Broken Periods of Disability . A period of disability may be continuous or broken . If broken into partial periods of disability which are separated by intervening periods of work, there shall be aggregated together all of such successive partial periods of disability except any period prior to the time when any single period of work extends for 2 months or longer ; and such aggregated periods of disability shall be treated as a single period in determining the amount of disability compensation to which an Executive shall be entitled under any provision of this Section . iv) Termination Due to Disability . If and when the period of total or partial disability of the Executive totals 2 months, the Executive's employment with the Company shall automatically terminate . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the disabled Executive and the Company agree, the disabled Executive may thereafter be employed by the Company upon such terms as may be mutually agreeable . v) Commencement Date of Disability . The commencement date of a period of disability, whether it be a continuous period or the aggregate of successive partial periods, shall be the first day on which the Executive is disabled . vi) Dispute Regarding Existence of Disability . Any dispute regarding the existence, extent or continuance of the disability shall be resolved by the determination of a majority of three 3 competent physicians, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Company, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Executive and the third 3 rd) of whom shall be selected by the other two 2 physicians so selected . 12 DEATH OF EXECUTIVE . In the event the Executive shall die during the term hereof, the Company shall pay to the Executive's surviving spouse, or if the Executive shall leave no surviving spouse, then to the Executive's estate, only such amounts as may have been earned by the Executive prior to the Executive's date of death, but which were unpaid at date of death . Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

13) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENTS. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that all records with respect to clients, business associates, customer or referral lists, contracting parties and referral sources of the Company, and all personal, financial and business and proprietary information of the Company, its Executives, officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the Executive during the term of this Agreement and not generally known in the public (the "Confidential Information") are valuable, special and unique and proprietary assets of the Company's business . The Executive hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose any Confidential Information, in full or in part, in written or other form, to any person, firm, Company, association or other entity, or utilize the same for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Company . "Confidential Information" shall also include any information (including, but not limited to, technical or non - technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual or potential customers) that : (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use ; and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy . In the case of Company's business, Company's Trade Secrets include (without limitation) information regarding names and addresses of any customers, sales personnel, account invoices, training and educational manuals, administrative manuals, prospective customer leads, in whatever form, whether or not computer or electronically accessible "on - line . " 14) EXCLUSIVE EMPLOYMENT . During employment with the Company, Executive will not do anything to compete with the Company s present or contemplated business, nor will he or she plan or organize any competitive business activity . Executive will not enter into any agreement which conflicts with his duties or obligations to the Company . Executive will not during his employment or within 2 year after it ends, without the Company s express written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any Executive, agent, independent contractor, supplier, customer, consultant or any other person or company to terminate or Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 9 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

alter a relationship with the Company. 15) HIRING. The Executive agrees that during the Executive's employment with the Company and for a period of 2 years following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not attempt to hire any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company to leave the Company's employ. 16) ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER . Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation thereof shall be void . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser of substantially all of Company s assets, any corporate successor to Company or any assignee thereof . 17) NO INCONSISTENT OBLIGATIONS . Executive is aware of no obligations, legal or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or with his undertaking employment with the Company . Executive will not disclose to the Company, or use, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary information or trade secrets of others . Executive represents and warrants that he or she has returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers . 18) ATTORNEYS FEES . The parties hereto agree that, in the event of breach or threatened breach of any covenants of Executive, the damage or imminent damage to the value and the goodwill of the Company s business shall be inestimable, and that therefore any remedy at law or in damages shall be inadequate . Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief against Executive in the event of any breach or threatened breach of any of such provisions by Executive, in addition to any other relief (including damages) available to the Company under this Agreement or under law . The prevailing party in any action instituted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses incurred in such action . In the event that either party is required to engage the services of legal counsel to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement against the other party, regardless of whether such action results in litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 10 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

attorneys' fees, costs of legal assistants, and other costs from the other party, which shall include any fees or costs incurred at trial or in any appellate proceeding, and expenses and other costs, including any accounting expenses incurred . 19) GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to conflict of law principles . 20) AMENDMENT . This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company . 21) SEVERABILITY . If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect . 22) CONSTRUCTION . The headings and captions of this Agreement are provided for convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or interpreting this Agreement . The language in all parts of this Agreement shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against the Company or Executive . 23) RIGHTS CUMULATIVE . The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its successor), whether pursuant to this Agreement, to any other agreement, or to law, shall not preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies . 24) NONWAIVER . No failure or neglect of either party hereto in any instance to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall constitute a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or of the same right, power or privilege in any other instance . All waivers by either party hereto must be contained in a written instrument signed by the party to be charged and, in the case of the Company, by an officer of the Company (other than Executive) or other person duly authorized by the Company . 25) NOTICES . Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein, shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case of the Executive to the Executive's residence address set Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 11 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be designated by the Executive. 26) ASSISTANCE IN LITIGATION . Executive shall, during and after termination of employment, upon reasonable notice, furnish such information and proper assistance to the Company as may reasonably be required by the Company in connection with any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is, or may become a party ; provided, however, that such assistance following termination shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and for mutually agreeable compensation . 27) ARBITRATION . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be settled by arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah . Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, but the arbitration shall be in front of an arbitrator, with the following exceptions if in conflict : (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual consent of the Company and the Executive ; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator(s) ; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings has been given to such party . The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings . Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection . All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity ; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the Company from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief or relief under the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement . The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages, consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages to either party . The parties shall keep confidential the existence of the claim, controversy or disputes from third parties (other than the arbitrator), and the determination thereof, unless otherwise required by law or necessary for the business of the Company . The arbitrator(s) shall be required to follow applicable law . IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 12 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO . 28) SOLICITATION . The Executive further agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not, in any manner or at any time, solicit or encourage any person, firm, Company or other business entity who are clients, business associates or referral sources of the Company to cease doing business with the Company or to do business with the Executive . 29) COVENANTS INDEPENDENT . Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Executive set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which the Company and the Executive may have, fully performed and not executory, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive against the Company whether predicated upon another covenant or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any other covenant . 30) INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF . Executive and Company recognize and expressly agree that the extent of damages to Company in the event of a breach by Executive of any restrictive covenant set forth herein would be impossible to ascertain, that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably presumed, and that the remedy at law for any breach will be inadequate to compensate the Company . Consequently, the Executive agrees that in the event of a breach of any such covenant, in addition to any other relief to which Company may be entitled, Company shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive or other equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction . 31) INDEMNIFICATION . The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its officers, directors, shareholders and Executives harmless from and against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or all costs of prosecution or defense of their rights Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 13 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

hereunder, whether in judicial proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether out of court, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys' fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising from or growing out of the Executive's breach or threatened breach of any covenant contained herein . 32) ACKNOWLEDGMENT . The Executive acknowledges that when this Agreement is concluded, the Executive will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing restrictions and that the Executive's recognition and representation of this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement and to Executive's continued relationship with the Company . 33) SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS . All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement . 34) LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY . Without the express written consent from the Board of Directors of the Company, the Executive shall have no apparent or implied authority to : a) Pledge the credit of the Company or any of its other Executives ; b) Bind the Company under any contract, agreement, note, mortgage or otherwise release or discharge any debt due the Company unless the Company has received the full amount thereof ; or sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Company . 35) REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY OF EXECUTIVE . The Executive acknowledges and understands that the Company has extended employment opportunities to Executive based upon Executive's representation and warranty that Executive is in good health and able to perform the work contemplated by this Agreement for the term hereof . 36) INVALID PROVISION ; SEVERABILITY . The invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted . 37) MODIFICATION . No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto . 38) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and supersedes all Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 14 of 19 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof . This Agreement may be changed only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, amendment, modification, or discharge is sought . 39) DISPUTES . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be arbitrated in accord with Section 27 herein above . If for any reason, before or after arbitration, any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement is litigated, it shall litigated solely in state or federal court in Salt Lake City, Utah . Each party hereby : a) submits to the jurisdiction of such court, b) waives the defense of an inconvenient forum, c) agrees that valid consent to service may be made by mailing or delivery of such service to the Secretary of State (the Agent or to the party at the party s last known address, if personal service delivery cannot be easily effected, and d) authorizes and directs the Agent to accept such service in the event that personal service delivery cannot easily be effected. 39) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . Each party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury as to any issue relating hereto in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other matter involving the parties hereto . IN WITNESS HEREOF, each party to this Agreement has caused it to be executed at Salt Lake City, Utah on the date indicated below. Motos America Inc. DATE: Dec 12 2022 _ 1 2:58 MST By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE DATE: Dec 13 2022 _ 1 6:19 MST Dale Z. Darling Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 Dale Darling Employment Agreement Page 15 of 19 

Addendum 1 MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF DALE Z. DARLING Dated Motos America Executive Employment Agreement Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

EXHIBIT A MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT MOTOS AMERICA 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN Motos America Executive Employment Agreement Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN This Stock Option Plan Option Plan is adopted by Motos America Inc . (the Company on the February 16 , 2022 , to be effective until all options granted hereunder are exercised, or until amended or rescinded by action of the Board of Directors of the Company . 1) ALLOCATION OF SHARES TO THE PLAN . Motos America Inc . does hereby allocate One Million Five Hundred Thousand 1 , 500 , 000 shares of its 0 . 001 par value common voting shares under this Option Plan, to be allocated among key employees, directors and key associates of the Company at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and as approved by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company Board . 2) ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS . Eligible Participants shall be determined from time to time by the Board from among the key employees of the Company, members of the Board of Directors of the Company, and key service suppliers to the Company . Such eligible participant shall be entitled to participate in this incentive stock option plan as part of their employment, retainer, or service agreements, when granted such options by the action of the Board by conveying to the Participant a Stock Option Grant Notice, substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Addendum 1 , and by entering into a Stock Option Agreement with the Company the form of which is attached hereto as Addendum 2 . 3) RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS . Each Stock Option Agreement entered into shall define the number of shares available to the Participant, the term of the Options, the vesting period and conditions of such vesting, the means and method of the exercise of such Options, the exercise price of such Options, as well as the means and methods of payment for the exercise of such Options . Each Stock Option Agreement shall further define the rights of the Participant to transfer their Options, and under what circumstances the Company may withdraw the Options granted to the Participant . 4) GOVERNING LAW . This Option Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada, and further subject to the regulations and rules of the Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, NASDAQ, and any other Self - Regulatory Organization to which the Company reports, or may report during the pendency of this Option Plan . Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

Dale Darling Employment Agreement EXHIBIT B MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT This Stock Option Agreement Option Agreement is made and entered into as of the 1st day of March, 2022 Date of Grant ). BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Dale Z. Darling (the "Participant"), located at: 124 West 300 South # 234 Spring City, UT 84662 Email: dale@motosamerica.com Phone: 385 - 386 - 6700 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice ("Grant Notice") and this Option Agreement, Motos America Inc . , a Nevada corporation (the "Company") has granted you an option under the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan of the Company attached hereto as Exhibit A to this Agreement and made part hereof (the "Option Plan") to purchase the number of shares of the Company's Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice . The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the "Date of Grant") . If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control . Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan and said definitions and documents are subject to periodic changes . In the following clauses, these terms shall have defined meanings as follows : Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 1 of 13 

a) Participant means an individual who is a manager, employee or a contractor of the Company, who is selected at the discretion of the President or Chief Executive Officer, and acknowledged by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board to be granted stock options ; b) Option means the stock option that entitles the Participant to acquire shares of the Company during the Exercise Period against payment of the Exercise Price provided for in Section 3 ; c) Option Shares means the total amount of 0 . 001 par value common voting shares of the Company which are made available for purchase by the Participant by means of the present Stock Option Agreement ; d) Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into this Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option ; e) Vesting means the process by which the Participant acquires the Option Shares granted to him/her through this Stock Option Agreement . Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service ; f) Vesting Period is the period of time before shares are unconditionally owned by an employee . If that person's employment terminates before the end of the vesting period, the company can buy back the shares at the original price ; g) Vesting Schedule means a table indicating the number of Option Shares that will vest throughout the Vesting Period, which the Participant may purchase after the Vesting Period or upon the occurrence of any of the triggering events under section 15 , 16 and 17 ; h) Vested Option Shares means a portion of the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire throughout the Vesting Period and the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire after the Vesting Period has ended ; i) Anniversary Date(s) means the date that is 365 days, or multiples thereof from the Date of Grant of the Option and as of which the Option may be exercised ; j) Exercise means the purchase of all Option Shares by the Participant after the Vesting Period has ended, or the purchase of a fraction of vested Option Shares by the Participant upon the occurrence of certain triggering events ; k) Exercise Price means the price, determined at the Date of Grant, at which an Option Share can be purchased by the Participant ; Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 2 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

l) Exercise Period means the period of time during which the Participant may purchase the Option Shares. 1. OPTION GRANT On the date of entry into force of this Agreement, (the "Grant Date"), the Company grants the participant an option (the "Option") to purchase the aggregate number of [NUMBER OF SHARES] common voting shares of the Company as described above (the "Option Shares") against payment of the exercise price per share of 2 . 00 per share (the "Exercise Price") during the exercise period beginning on March 1 , 2023 and ending on March 1 , 2030 , subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 2. EXERCISE PRICE The exercise price is set at 2 . 00 per share, which represents the fair market value per share of the Company on the grant date, determined by the Company considering the prevailing market price for the Shares, and/or other transactions in the Option Shares directly with the Company, not involving market transactions . Also, the number of common shares subject to your option and your exercise price per share may be adjusted from time to time for capital adjustments such as splits, reverses and the like . 3. METHOD OF PAYMENT Payment of the exercise price is due in full upon exercise of all or any part of your option . You may elect to make payment of the exercise price of your option in cash or by check or in any other manner permitted above, which may include one or more of the following : a) Bank draft or money order payable to the Company . b) Other methods which may be defined in the future and become available to you . 4. WHOLE SHARES You may exercise your option only for whole Common Shares . 5. VESTING RIGHTS Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service . Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 3 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

6. EXERCISE . You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by delivering a notice in a form substantially similar to the Notice of Exercise (appended hereto as Addendum 1 together with payment of the exercise price to the Company's Option Plan administrator, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company's Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise . c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant or within one 1 year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option . 7. EXERCISE PRIOR TO VESTING ("EARLY EXERCISE") If permitted in your Grant Notice (i . e . , the "Exercise Schedule" indicates "Early Exercise Permitted") and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option ; provided, however, that : a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock ; Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 4 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement ; c) you will enter into the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred. 8. TERM Unless otherwise specified, you may not exercise your option before such options are vested as defined in the Vesting Schedule of your Grant of Options, or after the expiration of the option's term . The term of your option expires upon the earliest of the following : a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause ; b) three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8 (d) below) ; provided, however, that if during any part of such three 3 month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section below relating to "Securities Law Compliance," your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service ; provided further, if during any part of such three 3 month period, the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would violate the Company's insider trading policy, then your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would not be in violation of the Company's insider trading policy . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) you are a Non - Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six 6 months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven 7 months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date ; c) twelve 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 16 below ; Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 5 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

d) eighteen 18 months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three 3 months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause ; e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice ; or f) the day before the tenth 10 th) anniversary of the Date of Grant . If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three 3 months before the date of your option's exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability . The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three 3 months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates . 9. SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act . The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas . Reg . 1 . 401 (k) - 1 (d)( 3 ), if applicable) . 10. RESTRICTION OF EXERCISE FOR EMPLOYEES NOT EXEMPTED If you are an employee eligible for overtime pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 , as amended (i . e . , an "non - exempt employee"), and unless otherwise provided in the plan, you may not exercise your election until you have completed at least six 6 months of continuous service from the date of the grant, even if you have been an employee for more than six 6 months . In accordance with the provisions of the Workers' Economic Opportunities Act, you may exercise your option in respect of any portion vested before this six 6 month anniversary in the event of Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 6 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

(i) your death or disability, (ii) a business transaction for which your option is not deemed, maintained or replaced, (iii) a change of control or (iv) your termination of continuous service when you "retire" (as defined in the Corporation's benefit plans) . 11. TRANSFERABILITY a) Restrictions on Transfer. Your option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you; provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, permit you to transfer your option in a manner consistent with applicable tax and securities laws upon your request. b) Domestic Relations Orders . Notwithstanding the foregoing, your option may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order . You may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1 . 421 - 1 (b)( 2 that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer . You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement . If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Non - statutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer . c) Beneficiary Designation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise your option . In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise . d) Certain Trusts . You may also transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner while the option is held in the trust . You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company . 11. OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment . In Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 7 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate . 13. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a "cashless exercise" pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option . b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, in its sole discretion, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested Common Shares otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole Common Shares having a Market Price, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid variable award accounting) . Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility . 14. TAX CONSEQUENCES You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Option Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities . You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation . In particular, you acknowledge that this Option is exempt from Section 409 A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the "fair market value" per share of the Option Shares on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Option . Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 8 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

15. BAD LEAVER In the event that the Participant's employment relationship with the Company ends because he has become a Bad Leaver (i . e . dismissal for an urgent reason) a material breach of the Participant's Employment Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement, or similar reasons determined by the Company's written employment policies : a) The acquisition of the shares covered by options ceases immediately ; b) If the participant becomes a bad leaver during the vesting period, the vested shares of an option and unvested shares of an option become void and the participant no longer has any rights with respect to such vested or unvested shares ; c) If the Participant becomes a bad leaver after the exercise of the Option Shares, the Participant must offer and, if such offer is accepted by the Corporation, transfer all of the Option Shares held by the Participant to the Company, which is not required to accept the above offer . If the participant who is a bad leaver refuses to make the transfer, the Company has the right to cancel all of the participant's outstanding option shares and to pay the participant the par value of the option shares so cancelled . 16. PARTICIPANT'S DISABILITY In the event of termination of the Participant's employment contract due to a disability on the Participant's side ("Disability Termination"), the Participant may, but only within 12 months following the date of termination of employment (but in no event later than the expiry date of the term of this Option), exercise this Option to the extent that the Participant had the right to exercise it on such termination date . To the extent that the Particiant was not entitled to exercise this option on the date of termination of disability, or if he does not exercise it within the time limits provided herein, this option shall terminate . 17. DEATH OF THE PARTICIPANT In the event of the death of the Participant occurring during the term of this Option and while the Participant is an employee of the Corporation, provided that the Participant has had continuous employee status since the date of grant of this Option, this Option may be exercised at any time within 12 months following the date of death by a person entitled to exercise this Option by legacy or inheritance, but only to the extent of the exercise right that had accrued at the time of the death of the Participant . To the extent that the Participant did not have the right to exercise Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 9 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

the Option on the date of death, or if a person authorized by the Participant does not exercise such Option before March 1, 2030 as specified herein, such Option shall terminate. 18. NOTICES Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon your receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, five 5 days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company . 19. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Option Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit A , the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Option Plan . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Option Plan, the provisions of the Option Plan shall control . The Board (or appropriate committee thereof) will have the power to interpret the Option Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Option Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules . All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Board will be final and binding upon you, the Company and all other interested persons . No member of the Board will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Option Plan or this Agreement . 20. EFFECT ON OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS The value of this option will not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides . The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's employee benefit plans . 21. SEVERABILITY If all or any part of this Option Agreement or the Option Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid . Any Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 10 of 13 Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid . 22. MISCELLANEOUS a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your option shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company's successors and assigns ; b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option ; c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option and fully understand all provisions of your option ; d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required ; e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company . 22. GOVERNING LAW This Stock Option Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the State of Nevada, which state shall have jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or by reason of this Agreement . Motos America Inc . _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Dec 12 2022 1 2:58 MST Date Participant _ Dale Z. Darling Dec 13 2022 1 6:19 MST Date Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Page 11 of 13 

ADDENDUM 1 TO THE MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT NOTICE OF EXERCISE Motos America Inc. 510 So. 200 West #110 Salt Lake City, U 84101 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator Date of Exercise: This constitutes notice to Motos America Inc. under my Option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company for the price set forth below. Non - statutory Incentive Type of option (check one): Stock option dated: Number of Shares as to which option is exercised: Certificates to be issued in name of: Total exercise price: Cash payment delivered herewith: Value of Shares delivered herewith: Value of Shares pursuant to net exercise: Regulation T Program (cashless exercise): By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Motos America Inc . 2022 Option Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 Dale Darling Stock Option Agreement 

exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an Incentive Stock Option, to notify you in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant of this option or within one 1 year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option . I further agree that, if required by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of the offering of any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty 180 days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rule or regulation) (the "Lock - Up Period") . I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto . In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such period . Dale Darling Stock Option Agreement Participant _ Dale Z. Darling Date Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

Motos America Executive Employment Agreement EXHIBIT C MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT OPTION GRANT NOTICE Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE This Stock Option Grant Notice (" Grant Notice ") is made and effective on Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into an Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option options described hereinafter ; BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Dale Z. Darling (the "Participant"), located at: 124 West 300 South # 234 Spring City, UT 84662 Email: dale@motosamerica.com Phone: 385 - 386 - 6700 Notice is hereby given of the following Option to purchase shares of the 0.001 par value common voting shares of the Company Option Shares has been awarded to Participant: Participant: Date of Grant: Vesting Period: Exercise Price: Number of Option Shares: Expiration Date: Vesting Schedule: Exercise Schedule: Early Exercise Permitted: Dale Z. Darling March1, 2022 5 years Determined at Vesting 100,000 Shares March 1, 2030 10 per year based on tenure 10 per year based on KPI attainment Beginning March 1, 2023 Ending March 1, 2030 No Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 Dale Darling Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 1 of 2 

This Grant Notice is qualified in its entirety by the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan , and a Stock Option Agreement that must be entered into by and between the Company and the Participant before this Grant Notice is of any effect . NO EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE CONTRACT Nothing in this Grant Notice or in the Stock Option Agreement shall confer upon Participant any right to continue their employment, or offering their services for any period of specific duration, nor shall this Grant Notice interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any affiliate employing or retaining Participant) or of Participant, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate Participant 's service/employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause . Motos America Inc . _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Dec 12 2022 1 2:58 MST Date Participant _ Dale Z. Darling Dec 13 2022 1 6:19 MST Date Zoho Sign Document ID: 2DACB375 -- FDDAOWTMKXHE_SAUHCFBEWHEGYNGNPAMMN9O8YJRX4 Dale Darling Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 motos_ex1003.htm
 KARL KRISTIAN ODWARKA EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.3 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement for an Executive (the "Agreement") is made and effective this January 1, 2022, BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Karl Kristian Odwarka the "Participant"), located at: 28591 Sunset Blvd West, Lathrup Village, MI 48076 RECITALS In consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and the moneys to be paid hereunder, the Company hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby agrees to perform services as an Executive of the Company, upon the following terms and conditions : 1) TERM . The Company hereby employs Executive to serve as President and to serve in such additional or different position or positions as the Company may determine in its sole discretion . The term of employment shall be for a period of 2 years Employment Period to commence on January 1 2022 , unless earlier terminated as set forth herein . The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first set forth above, and it shall continue in effect until the earlier of : i) The effective date of any subsequent employment agreement between the Company and the Executive ; ii) The effective date of any termination of employment as provided elsewhere herein ; or 2 year(s) from the effective date hereof, provided, that this Employment Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 1 of 19 

Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of 2 years each unless either party gives written notice to other that it does not wish to automatically renew this Agreement, which written notice must be received by the other party no less than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term . 2) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES . Executive will be reporting to Board of Directors . Within the limitations established by the By - laws of the Company, the Executive shall have each and all of the duties and responsibilities of that position and such other or different duties on behalf of the Company, as may be assigned from time to time by, or at the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company . The Duties and Responsibilities of the Executive are enumerated in Addendum 1 hereto, and may be modified from time to time by joint agreement of the Executive and the Company . 3) LOCATION . The initial principal location at which Executive shall perform services for the Company shall be as directed by Board of Directors . 4) ACCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT . Executive accepts employment with the Company upon the terms set forth above and agrees to devote all Executive s time, energy and ability to the interests of the Company, and to perform Executive s duties in an efficient, trustworthy and business - like manner . 5) DEVOTION OF TIME TO EMPLOYMENT . The Executive shall devote the Executive's best efforts and substantially all of the Executive's working time to performing the duties on behalf of the Company . The Executive shall provide services during the normal business hours of the Company as determined by the Company . Reasonable amounts of time may be allotted to personal or outside business, charitable and professional activities and shall not constitute a violation of this Agreement provided such activities do not materially interfere with the services required to be rendered hereunder . 6) QUALIFICATIONS . The Executive shall, as a condition of this Agreement, satisfy all of the qualification that are reasonably and in good faith established by the Board of Directors . 7) COMPENSATION. a) Base Salary . Executive shall be paid a base salary Base Salary at the annual rate as follows: Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 2 of 19 

60 , 000 for 2022 and 90 , 000 for 2023 ; Wage shall be payable in bi - weekly installments consistent with Company s payroll practices . The annual Base Salary shall be reviewed on or before December 31 st of each year, unless Executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement . In consideration of the services under this Agreement, Executive shall be paid the aggregate of basic compensation, bonus and benefits as hereinafter set forth . b) Payment . Payment of all compensation to Executive hereunder shall be made in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time, including normal payroll practices . c) Benefits . The Company shall provide Executive with such benefits as are provided to other senior management of the Company . Benefits shall include at a minimum : i) paid time off (PTO) shall accrue as follows : Years 1 and 2 = 5 days Years 3 and 4 = 10 days Years 5+ = 15 days Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 3 of 19 iii) PTO shall be approved in writing by the Chief Executive Officer. ii) health insurance coverage under the same terms as offered to other Executives of the Company, retirement programs as offered to other Executives of the Company, iv) such other benefits and perquisites as are approved by the Board of Directors . v) The Company has the right to modify conditions of participation, terminate any benefit, or change insurance plans and other providers of such benefits in its sole discretion . The Executive shall be reimbursed for out of pocket expenses that are pre - approved by the Company, subject to the Company s policies and procedures therefore, and only for such items that are a necessary and integral part of the Executive s job functions . vi) paid holidays as per the Company s policies . d) Bonus i) From time to time, the Company may pay to Executive a bonus . ii) Payment of any bonus compensation shall be at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company or the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Executive shall have no entitlement to any amount absent a 

decision by the Company as aforesaid to make such bonus compensation . iii) Such bonuses, if any shall be added as a written addendum to this Agreement . e) Nondeductible Compensation . In the event a deduction shall be disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service or a court of competent jurisdiction for federal income tax purposes for all or any part of the payment made to Executive by the Company or any other shareholder or Executive of the Company, shall be required by the Internal Revenue Service to pay a deficiency on account of such disallowance, then Executive shall repay to the Company or such other individual required to make such payment, an amount equal to the tax imposed on the disallowed portion of such payment, plus any and all interest and penalties paid with respect thereto . The Company or other party required to make payment shall not be required to defend any proposed disallowance or other action by the Internal Revenue Service or any other state, federal, or local taxing authorities . f) Withholding . All sums payable to Executive under this Agreement will be reduced by all federal, state, local, and other withholdings and similar taxes and payments required by applicable law . 8) OTHER EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS. a) Business Expenses . Upon submission of itemized expense statements in the manner specified by the Company, Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses duly incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties under this Agreement . b) Benefit Plans . Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s medical and dental plans, life and disability insurance plans and retirement plans pursuant to their terms and conditions . Executive shall be entitled to participate in any other benefit plan offered by the Company to its Executives during the term of this Agreement (other than stock option or stock incentive plans, which are governed by Section 8 (c) below) . Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any affiliate of the Company from terminating or amending any Executive benefit plan or program from time to time . c) Stock Options . Executive may be entitled to options to acquire shares of the Common Stock of the Company . If stock options are granted to the employee, such options will be governed in their entirety by the Motos America 2022 Stock Option Plan adopted by the shareholders of the Company, and the specific terms and conditions of a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Agreement , and a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Grant Notice (the Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 4 of 19 

forms of which are attached hereto as Exhibits A, B, and C respectively) entered into by and between the Executive and the Company . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer any rights, or privileges to acquire any stock options or other equity participation in the Company to the Executive, nor shall this Agreement create any burden or obligation on the Company to provide the same to the Executive . 9) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES . The Company shall have the authority to establish from time to time the policies and procedures to be followed by the Executive in performing services for the Company . Executive shall abide by the provisions of any contract entered into by the Company under which the Executive provides services . Executive shall comply with the terms and conditions of any and all contracts entered by the Company . 10) TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. a) With Cause . Upon termination of Executive s employment with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Executive, except to pay all accrued but unpaid base salary and accrued PTO to the date of termination thereof . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for cause for any one of the following reasons : Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 5 of 19 iii) i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment is imposed, ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any employment or Company records, improper disclosure of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, iv) any action by the Executive which has a detrimental effect on the Company s reputation or business, v) Executive s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, vi) any breach of this Agreement, which breach is not cured within 7 days following written notice of such breach, vii) a course of conduct amounting to gross incompetence, viii) chronic and unexcused absenteeism, ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or x) misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Executive s duties, 

including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which the Company is subject . b) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder at any time without cause, provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to severance pay in the amount of 0 in addition to accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued PTO, less deductions required by law, but if, and only if, Executive executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that the Executive may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and Executive executes such form within 7 days of tender . c) Resignation . Upon termination of employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company if they are a director . d) Cooperation . After notice of termination, Executive shall cooperate with the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company, to effect a transition of Executive s responsibilities and to ensure that the Company is aware of all matters being handled by Executive . e) Compensation After Notice of Termination . After notice of termination has been given by either Company or Executive, as provided in this Article, Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation provided for in this Agreement until the notice period has expired . It is understood that after the written notice is given by either Company or Executive . Executive shall continue to devote substantially all of the Executive's time to the Executive's normal services for the Company during the notice period, with sufficient time allowed, in the sole discretion of the Company, for Executive to seek new employment . 11 DISABILITY OF EXECUTIVE . The Company may terminate this Agreement without liability if Executive shall be permanently prevented from properly performing his essential duties hereunder with reasonable accommodation by reason of illness or other physical or mental incapacity for a period of more than 45 consecutive days . Upon such termination, Executive shall be entitled to all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and PTO . i) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, whenever used in this Article 13 : (a) " Total disability " shall mean that the Executive is unable, mentally or Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 6 of 19 

physically, whether it be due to sickness, accident, age or other infirmity, to engage in any aspect of the Executive's normal duties as set forth in this Agreement . (b) " Partial disability " shall mean that the Executive is able to perform, to some extent, on behalf of the Company, the particular services in which the Company specializes, and which the Executive previously performed for the Company, but that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, to devote the same amount of time to such services as was devoted prior to the occurrence of such sickness or accident . (c) " Normal monthly salary " shall mean the salary which the Executive is being paid by the Company per month as of the commencement date of the period of disability, as specified hereinabove or as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the terms hereof . (d) Total Disability . During a single period of total disability of the Executive, the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company, the Executive's normal monthly salary for the shorter of first three 3 months of disability or until any disability insurance policy available through the Executive s employment begins to pay benefits . If the single period of disability should continue beyond three 3 months, the Executive shall receive only such amount as the Executive shall be entitled to receive under disability insurance coverage on the Executive, if any . (e) Partial Disability . During a period of partial disability of the Executive, the Executive shall receive an amount of compensation computed as follows : 1. That portion of the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation which bears the same ratio to the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation as the amount of time which the Executive is able to devote to the usual performance of services on behalf of the Company during such period bears to the total time the Executive devoted to performing such services prior to the commencement date of the single period of disability, and 2. Such amount shall be calculated by multiplying the Executive s basic compensation by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the percentage of normal services that the Executive is able to perform and the denominator which shall be the total services that the Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 7 of 19 

Executive is able to perform absent the partial disability. iii) ii) Combination of Total and Partial Disability . If a single period of disability of the Executive consists of a combination of total disability and partial disability, the maximum total disability compensation to which the Executive shall be entitled from the Company under this disability provision shall not exceed an amount equal to one 1 times the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation . Broken Periods of Disability . A period of disability may be continuous or broken . If broken into partial periods of disability which are separated by intervening periods of work, there shall be aggregated together all of such successive partial periods of disability except any period prior to the time when any single period of work extends for 2 months or longer ; and such aggregated periods of disability shall be treated as a single period in determining the amount of disability compensation to which an Executive shall be entitled under any provision of this Section . Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 8 of 19 iv) Termination Due to Disability . If and when the period of total or partial disability of the Executive totals 2 months, the Executive's employment with the Company shall automatically terminate . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the disabled Executive and the Company agree, the disabled Executive may thereafter be employed by the Company upon such terms as may be mutually agreeable . v) Commencement Date of Disability . The commencement date of a period of disability, whether it be a continuous period or the aggregate of successive partial periods, shall be the first day on which the Executive is disabled . vi) Dispute Regarding Existence of Disability . Any dispute regarding the existence, extent or continuance of the disability shall be resolved by the determination of a majority of three 3 competent physicians, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Company, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Executive and the third 3 rd) of whom shall be selected by the other two 2 physicians so selected . 12 DEATH OF EXECUTIVE . In the event the Executive shall die during the term hereof, the Company shall pay to the Executive's surviving spouse, or if the Executive shall leave no surviving spouse, then to the Executive's estate, only such amounts as may have been earned by the Executive prior to the Executive's date of death, but which were unpaid at date of death . 

13) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENTS. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that all records with respect to clients, business associates, customer or referral lists, contracting parties and referral sources of the Company, and all personal, financial and business and proprietary information of the Company, its Executives, officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the Executive during the term of this Agreement and not generally known in the public (the "Confidential Information") are valuable, special and unique and proprietary assets of the Company's business . The Executive hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose any Confidential Information, in full or in part, in written or other form, to any person, firm, Company, association or other entity, or utilize the same for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Company . "Confidential Information" shall also include any information (including, but not limited to, technical or non - technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual or potential customers) that : (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use ; and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy . In the case of Company's business, Company's Trade Secrets include (without limitation) information regarding names and addresses of any customers, sales personnel, account invoices, training and educational manuals, administrative manuals, prospective customer leads, in whatever form, whether or not computer or electronically accessible "on - line . " 14) EXCLUSIVE EMPLOYMENT . During employment with the Company, Executive will not do anything to compete with the Company s present or contemplated business, nor will he or she plan or organize any competitive business activity . Executive will not enter into any agreement which conflicts with his duties or obligations to the Company . Executive will not during his employment or within 2 year after it ends, without the Company s express written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any Executive, agent, independent contractor, supplier, customer, consultant or any other person or company to terminate or alter a relationship with the Company . Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 9 of 19 

15) HIRING. The Executive agrees that during the Executive's employment with the Company and for a period of 2 years following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not attempt to hire any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company to leave the Company's employ. 16) ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER . Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation thereof shall be void . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser of substantially all of Company s assets, any corporate successor to Company or any assignee thereof . 17) NO INCONSISTENT OBLIGATIONS . Executive is aware of no obligations, legal or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or with his undertaking employment with the Company . Executive will not disclose to the Company, or use, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary information or trade secrets of others . Executive represents and warrants that he or she has returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers . 18) ATTORNEYS FEES . The parties hereto agree that, in the event of breach or threatened breach of any covenants of Executive, the damage or imminent damage to the value and the goodwill of the Company s business shall be inestimable, and that therefore any remedy at law or in damages shall be inadequate . Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief against Executive in the event of any breach or threatened breach of any of such provisions by Executive, in addition to any other relief (including damages) available to the Company under this Agreement or under law . The prevailing party in any action instituted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses incurred in such action . In the event that either party is required to engage the services of legal counsel to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement against the other party, regardless of whether such action results in litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees, costs of legal assistants, and other costs from the other party, which shall Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 10 of 19 

include any fees or costs incurred at trial or in any appellate proceeding, and expenses and other costs, including any accounting expenses incurred. 19) GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah without regard to conflict of law principles . 20) AMENDMENT . This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company . 21) SEVERABILITY . If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect . 22) CONSTRUCTION . The headings and captions of this Agreement are provided for convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or interpreting this Agreement . The language in all parts of this Agreement shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against the Company or Executive . 23) RIGHTS CUMULATIVE . The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its successor), whether pursuant to this Agreement, to any other agreement, or to law, shall not preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies . 24) NONWAIVER . No failure or neglect of either party hereto in any instance to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall constitute a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or of the same right, power or privilege in any other instance . All waivers by either party hereto must be contained in a written instrument signed by the party to be charged and, in the case of the Company, by an officer of the Company (other than Executive) or other person duly authorized by the Company . 25) NOTICES . Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein, shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case of the Executive to the Executive's residence address set forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be designated by Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 11 of 19 

the Executive. 26) ASSISTANCE IN LITIGATION . Executive shall, during and after termination of employment, upon reasonable notice, furnish such information and proper assistance to the Company as may reasonably be required by the Company in connection with any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is, or may become a party ; provided, however, that such assistance following termination shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and for mutually agreeable compensation . 27) ARBITRATION . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be settled by arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah . Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, but the arbitration shall be in front of an arbitrator, with the following exceptions if in conflict : (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual consent of the Company and the Executive ; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator(s) ; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings has been given to such party . The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings . Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection . All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity ; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the Company from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief or relief under the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement . The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages, consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages to either party . The parties shall keep confidential the existence of the claim, controversy or disputes from third parties (other than the arbitrator), and the determination thereof, unless otherwise required by law or necessary for the business of the Company . The arbitrator(s) shall be required to follow applicable law . IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 12 of 19 

HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO . 28) SOLICITATION . The Executive further agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not, in any manner or at any time, solicit or encourage any person, firm, Company or other business entity who are clients, business associates or referral sources of the Company to cease doing business with the Company or to do business with the Executive . 29) COVENANTS INDEPENDENT . Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Executive set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which the Company and the Executive may have, fully performed and not executory, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive against the Company whether predicated upon another covenant or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any other covenant . 30) INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF . Executive and Company recognize and expressly agree that the extent of damages to Company in the event of a breach by Executive of any restrictive covenant set forth herein would be impossible to ascertain, that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably presumed, and that the remedy at law for any breach will be inadequate to compensate the Company . Consequently, the Executive agrees that in the event of a breach of any such covenant, in addition to any other relief to which Company may be entitled, Company shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive or other equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction . 31) INDEMNIFICATION . The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its officers, directors, shareholders and Executives harmless from and against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or all costs of prosecution or defense of their rights hereunder, whether in judicial proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether out Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 13 of 19 

of court, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys' fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising from or growing out of the Executive's breach or threatened breach of any covenant contained herein . 32) ACKNOWLEDGMENT . The Executive acknowledges that when this Agreement is concluded, the Executive will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing restrictions and that the Executive's recognition and representation of this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement and to Executive's continued relationship with the Company . 33) SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS . All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement . 34) LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY. Without the express written consent from the Board of Directors of the Company, the Executive shall have no apparent or implied authority to: a) Pledge the credit of the Company or any of its other Executives; b) Bind the Company under any contract, agreement, note, mortgage or otherwise release or discharge any debt due the Company unless the Company has received the full amount thereof; or sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Company. 35) REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY OF EXECUTIVE . The Executive acknowledges and understands that the Company has extended employment opportunities to Executive based upon Executive's representation and warranty that Executive is in good health and able to perform the work contemplated by this Agreement for the term hereof . 36) INVALID PROVISION ; SEVERABILITY . The invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted . 37) MODIFICATION . No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto . 38) ENTIRE AGREEMENT . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 14 of 19 

hereof. This Agreement may be changed only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, amendment, modification, or discharge is sought. 39) DISPUTES . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be arbitrated in accord with Section 27 herein above . If for any reason, before or after arbitration, any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement is litigated, it shall litigated solely in state or federal court in Salt Lake City, Utah . Each party hereby : a) submits to the jurisdiction of such court, b) waives the defense of an inconvenient forum, c) agrees that valid consent to service may be made by mailing or delivery of such service to the Secretary of State (the Agent or to the party at the party s last known address, if personal service delivery cannot be easily effected, and d) authorizes and directs the Agent to accept such service in the event that personal service delivery cannot easily be effected. 39) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . Each party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury as to any issue relating hereto in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other matter involving the parties hereto . IN WITNESS HEREOF, each party to this Agreement has caused it to be executed on the date indicated below. Motos America Inc. DATE: By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Executive DATE: Karl Kristian Odwarka Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement Page 15 of 19 

Addendum 1 MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF KARL KRISTIAN ODWARKA Dated Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement 

EXHIBIT A MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT MOTOS AMERICA 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN This Stock Option Plan Option Plan is adopted by Motos America Inc . (the Company on the February 16 , 2022 , to be effective until all options granted hereunder are exercised, or until amended or rescinded by action of the Board of Directors of the Company . 1) ALLOCATION OF SHARES TO THE PLAN . Motos America Inc . does hereby allocate One Million Five Hundred Thousand 1 , 500 , 000 shares of its 0 . 001 par value common voting shares under this Option Plan, to be allocated among key employees, directors and key associates of the Company at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and as approved by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company Board . 2) ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS . Eligible Participants shall be determined from time to time by the Board from among the key employees of the Company, members of the Board of Directors of the Company, and key service suppliers to the Company . Such eligible participant shall be entitled to participate in this incentive stock option plan as part of their employment, retainer, or service agreements, when granted such options by the action of the Board by conveying to the Participant a Stock Option Grant Notice, substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Addendum 1 , and by entering into a Stock Option Agreement with the Company the form of which is attached hereto as Addendum 2 . 3) RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS . Each Stock Option Agreement entered into shall define the number of shares available to the Participant, the term of the Options, the vesting period and conditions of such vesting, the means and method of the exercise of such Options, the exercise price of such Options, as well as the means and methods of payment for the exercise of such Options . Each Stock Option Agreement shall further define the rights of the Participant to transfer their Options, and under what circumstances the Company may withdraw the Options granted to the Participant . 4) GOVERNING LAW . This Option Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada, and further subject to the regulations and rules of the 

United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, NASDAQ, and any other Self - Regulatory Organization to which the Company reports, or may report during the pendency of this Option Plan . 

Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement EXHIBIT B MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT This Stock Option Agreement Option Agreement is made and entered into as of the 1st Day of March, 2022 Date of Grant ). BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Karl Kristian Odwarka the "Participant"), located at: 28591 Sunset Blvd West, Lathrup Village, MI 48076 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice ("Grant Notice") and this Option Agreement, Motos America Inc . , a Nevada corporation (the "Company") has granted you an option under the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan of the Company attached hereto as Exhibit A to this Agreement and made part hereof (the "Option Plan") to purchase the number of shares of the Company's Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice . The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the "Date of Grant") . If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control . Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan and said definitions and documents are subject to periodic changes . In the following clauses, these terms shall have defined meanings as follows : a) Participant means an individual who is a manager, employee or a contractor of the Company, who is selected at the discretion of the President or Chief Executive Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 1 of 13 

Officer, and acknowledged by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board to be granted stock options ; b) Option means the stock option that entitles the Participant to acquire shares of the Company during the Exercise Period against payment of the Exercise Price provided for in Section 3 ; c) Option Shares means the total amount of 0 . 001 par value common voting shares of the Company which are made available for purchase by the Participant by means of the present Stock Option Agreement ; d) Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into this Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option ; e) Vesting means the process by which the Participant acquires the Option Shares granted to him/her through this Stock Option Agreement . Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service ; f) Vesting Period is the period of time before shares are unconditionally owned by an employee . If that person's employment terminates before the end of the vesting period, the company can buy back the shares at the original price ; g) Vesting Schedule means a table indicating the number of Option Shares that will vest throughout the Vesting Period, which the Participant may purchase after the Vesting Period or upon the occurrence of any of the triggering events under section 15 , 16 and 17 ; h) Vested Option Shares means a portion of the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire throughout the Vesting Period and the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire after the Vesting Period has ended ; i) Anniversary Date(s) means the date that is 365 days, or multiples thereof from the Date of Grant of the Option and as of which the Option may be exercised ; j) Exercise means the purchase of all Option Shares by the Participant after the Vesting Period has ended, or the purchase of a fraction of vested Option Shares by the Participant upon the occurrence of certain triggering events ; k) Exercise Price means the price, determined at the Date of Grant, at which an Option Share can be purchased by the Participant ; l) Exercise Period means the period of time during which the Participant may purchase the Option Shares . Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 2 of 13 

1. OPTION GRANT On the date of entry into force of this Agreement, (the "Grant Date"), the Company grants the participant an option (the "Option") to purchase the aggregate number of 200 , 000 common voting shares of the Company as described above (the "Option Shares") against payment of the exercise price per share of 1 . 00 indicated above (the "Exercise Price") during the exercise period beginning on March 1 , 2023 and ending on March 1 , 2030 , subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 2. EXERCISE PRICE The exercise price is set at 1 . 00 per share . Also, the number of common shares subject to your option and your exercise price per share may be adjusted from time to time for capital adjustments such as splits, reverses and the like . 3. METHOD OF PAYMENT Payment of the exercise price is due in full upon exercise of all or any part of your option . You may elect to make payment of the exercise price of your option in cash or by check or in any other manner permitted above, which may include one or more of the following : a) Bank draft or money order payable to the Company . b) Other methods which may be defined in the future and become available to you . 4. WHOLE SHARES You may exercise your option only for whole Common Shares . 5. VESTING RIGHTS Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service . 6. EXERCISE You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by delivering a notice in a form substantially similar to the Notice of Exercise (appended hereto as Addendum 1 together with payment of the exercise price to the Company's Option Plan administrator, or to such other Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 3 of 13 

person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company's Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise . c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant or within one 1 year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option . 7. EXERCISE PRIOR TO VESTING ("EARLY EXERCISE") If permitted in your Grant Notice (i . e . , the "Exercise Schedule" indicates "Early Exercise Permitted") and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option ; provided, however, that : a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock; b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement; Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 4 of 13 

c) you will enter into the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred . 8. TERM Unless otherwise specified, you may not exercise your option before such options are vested as defined in the Vesting Schedule of your Grant of Options, or after the expiration of the option's term . The term of your option expires upon the earliest of the following : a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause ; b) three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8 (d) below) ; provided, however, that if during any part of such three 3 month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section below relating to "Securities Law Compliance," your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service ; provided further, if during any part of such three 3 month period, the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would violate the Company's insider trading policy, then your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would not be in violation of the Company's insider trading policy . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) you are a Non - Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six 6 months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven 7 months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date ; c) twelve 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 16 below ; d) eighteen 18 months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three 3 months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause ; e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice ; or Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 5 of 13 

f) the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three 3 months before the date of your option's exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability . The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three 3 months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates . 9. SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act . The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas . Reg . 1 . 401 (k) - 1 (d)( 3 ), if applicable) . 10. RESTRICTION OF EXERCISE FOR EMPLOYEES NOT EXEMPTED If you are an employee eligible for overtime pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 , as amended (i . e . , an "non - exempt employee"), and unless otherwise provided in the plan, you may not exercise your election until you have completed at least six 6 months of continuous service from the date of the grant, even if you have been an employee for more than six 6 months . In accordance with the provisions of the Workers' Economic Opportunities Act, you may exercise your option in respect of any portion vested before this six 6 month anniversary in the event of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a business transaction for which your option is not deemed, maintained or replaced, (iii) a change of control or (iv) your termination of continuous service when you "retire" (as defined in the Corporation's benefit plans) . Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 6 of 13 

11. TRANSFERABILITY a) Restrictions on Transfer. Your option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you; provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, permit you to transfer your option in a manner consistent with applicable tax and securities laws upon your request. b) Domestic Relations Orders . Notwithstanding the foregoing, your option may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order . You may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1 . 421 - 1 (b)( 2 that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer . You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement . If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Non - statutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer . c) Beneficiary Designation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise your option . In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise . d) Certain Trusts . You may also transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner while the option is held in the trust . You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company . 12. OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment . In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate . Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 7 of 13 

13. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a "cashless exercise" pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option . b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, in its sole discretion, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested Common Shares otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole Common Shares having a Market Price, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid variable award accounting) . Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility . 14. TAX CONSEQUENCES You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Option Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities . You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation . In particular, you acknowledge that this Option is exempt from Section 409 A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the "fair market value" per share of the Option Shares on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Option . 15. BAD LEAVER In the event that the Participant's employment relationship with the Company ends because he has become a Bad Leaver (i . e . dismissal for an urgent reason) a material breach of the Participant's Employment Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement, or similar reasons determined by the Company's written employment policies : Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 8 of 13 

a) The acquisition of the shares covered by options ceases immediately ; b) If the participant becomes a bad leaver during the vesting period, the vested shares of an option and unvested shares of an option become void and the participant no longer has any rights with respect to such vested or unvested shares ; c) If the Participant becomes a bad leaver after the exercise of the Option Shares, the Participant must offer and, if such offer is accepted by the Corporation, transfer all of the Option Shares held by the Participant to the Company, which is not required to accept the above offer . If the participant who is a bad leaver refuses to make the transfer, the Company has the right to cancel all of the participant's outstanding option shares and to pay the participant the par value of the option shares so cancelled . 16. PARTICIPANT'S DISABILITY In the event of termination of the Participant's employment contract due to a disability on the Participant's side ("Disability Termination"), the Participant may, but only within 12 months following the date of termination of employment (but in no event later than the expiry date of the term of this Option), exercise this Option to the extent that the Participant had the right to exercise it on such termination date . To the extent that the Participant was not entitled to exercise this option on the date of termination of disability, or if he does not exercise it within the time limits provided herein, this option shall terminate . 17. DEATH OF THE PARTICIPANT In the event of the death of the Participant occurring during the term of this Option and while the Participant is an employee of the Corporation, provided that the Participant has had continuous employee status since the date of grant of this Option, this Option may be exercised at any time within 12 months following the date of death by a person entitled to exercise this Option by legacy or inheritance, but only to the extent of the exercise right that had accrued at the time of the death of the Participant . To the extent that the Participant did not have the right to exercise the Option on the date of death, or if a person authorized by the Participant does not exercise such Option before March 1 , 2030 as specified herein, such Option shall terminate . 18. NOTICES Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon your receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 9 of 13 

five 5 days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company . 19. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Option Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit A , the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Option Plan . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Option Plan, the provisions of the Option Plan shall control . The Board (or appropriate committee thereof) will have the power to interpret the Option Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Option Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules . All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Board will be final and binding upon you, the Company and all other interested persons . No member of the Board will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Option Plan or this Agreement . 20. EFFECT ON OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS The value of this option will not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides . The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's employee benefit plans . 21. SEVERABILITY If all or any part of this Option Agreement or the Option Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid . Any Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid . Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 10 of 13 

22. MISCELLANEOUS a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your option shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company's successors and assigns ; b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option ; c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option and fully understand all provisions of your option ; d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required ; e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company . 23. GOVERNING LAW This Stock Option Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the State of Utah, which state shall have jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or by reason of this Agreement . Motos America Inc. DATE: By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Participant DATE: Karl Kristian Odwarka Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Page 11 of 13 

ADDENDUM 1 TO THE MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT NOTICE OF EXERCISE Motos America Inc. 510 So. 200 West #110 Salt Lake City, U 84101 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator Date of Exercise: This constitutes notice to Motos America Inc. under my Option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company for the price set forth below. Non - statutory Incentive Type of option (check one): Stock option dated: Number of Shares as to which option is exercised: Certificates to be issued in name of: Total exercise price: Cash payment delivered herewith: Value of Shares delivered herewith: Value of Shares pursuant to net exercise: Regulation T Program (cashless exercise): By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Motos America Inc . 2022 Option Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement 

exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an Incentive Stock Option, to notify you in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant of this option or within one 1 year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option . I further agree that, if required by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of the offering of any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty 180 days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rule or regulation) (the "Lock - Up Period") . I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto . In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such period . Karl Kristian Odwarka Stock Option Agreement Participant: Karl Kristian Odwarka DATE: 

Karl Kristian Odwarka Executive Employment Agreement EXHIBIT C MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE This Stock Option Grant Notice (" Grant Notice ") is made and effective on Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into an Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option options described hereinafter ; BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Karl Kristian Odwarka the "Participant"), located at: 28591 Sunset Blvd West, Lathrup Village, MI 48076 Notice is hereby given of the following Option to purchase shares of the 0.001 par value common voting shares of the Company Option Shares has been awarded to Participant: Participant: Date of Grant: Vesting Period: Exercise Price: Number of Option Shares: Expiration Date: Vesting Schedule: Exercise Schedule: Karl Kristian Odwarka March 1, 2022 4 years 1.00 200,000 March 1, 2030 25 per year March 1, 2023 Begin Date March 1, 2030 End Date No Early Exercise Permitted: Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 1 of 2 

This Grant Notice is qualified in its entirety by the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan , and a Stock Option Agreement that must be entered into by and between the Company and the Participant before this Grant Notice is of any effect . NO EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE CONTRACT Nothing in this Grant Notice or in the Stock Option Agreement shall confer upon Participant any right to continue their employment, or offering their services for any period of specific duration, nor shall this Grant Notice interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any affiliate employing or retaining Participant) or of Participant, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate Participant 's service/employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause . Motos America Inc . Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 2 of 2 _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Date Participant _ Karl Kristian Odwarka Date 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 motos_ex1004.htm
 LANCE ISAACS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.4 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement for an Executive (the "Agreement") is made and effective this February 1, 2022. BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Lance A. Isaacs (the Executive ), located at: 650 S Gaines Street #808 Portland, OR 97239 lance@cascademoto.com 385 - 287 - 5630 In consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and the moneys to be paid hereunder, the Company hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby agrees to perform services as an Executive of the Company, upon the following terms and conditions : 1) TERM . The Company hereby employs Executive to serve as Chief Experience Officer and to serve in such additional or different position or positions as the Company may determine in its sole discretion . The term of employment shall be for a period of 5 years Employment Period to commence on January 1 , 2022 , unless earlier terminated as set forth herein . The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first set forth above, and it shall continue in effect until the earlier of : i) The effective date of any subsequent employment agreement between the Company and the Executive ; ii) The effective date of any termination of employment as provided elsewhere herein ; or 5 year(s) from the effective date hereof, provided, that this Employment Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 1 of 20 

Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of 1 year each unless either party gives written notice to other that it does not wish to automatically renew this Agreement, which written notice must be received by the other party no less than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term . 2) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES . Executive will be reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, within the limitations established by the By - laws of the Company, the Executive shall have each and all of the duties and responsibilities of that position and such other or different duties on behalf of the Company, as may be assigned from time to time by, or at the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company . The Duties and Responsibilities of the Executive are enumerated in Addendum 1 hereto, and may be modified from time to time by joint agreement of the Executive and the Company . 3) LOCATION . The initial principal location at which Executive shall perform services for the Company shall be : Cascade BMW Motorcycles of Eugene 2891 W 11th Ave Eugene, OR 97402 or as directed by the Chief Executive Officer. 4) ACCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT . Executive accepts employment with the Company upon the terms set forth above and agrees to devote all Executive s time, energy and ability to the interests of the Company, and to perform Executive s duties in an efficient, trustworthy and business - like manner . 5) DEVOTION OF TIME TO EMPLOYMENT . The Executive shall devote the Executive's best efforts and substantially all of the Executive's working time to performing the duties on behalf of the Company . The Executive shall provide services during the normal business hours of the Company as determined by the Company . Reasonable amounts of time may be allotted to personal or outside business, charitable and professional activities and shall not constitute a violation of this Agreement provided such activities do not materially interfere with the services required to be rendered hereunder . 6) QUALIFICATIONS. The Executive shall, as a condition of this Agreement, satisfy all of the Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 2 of 20 

qualification that are reasonably and in good faith established by the Board of Directors. 7) COMPENSATION. a) Base Salary . Executive shall be paid a base salary Base Salary at the annual rate of 36 , 000 . 00 payable in bi - weekly installments consistent with Company s payroll practices . The annual Base Salary shall be reviewed on or before December 31 st of each year, unless Executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement . In consideration of the services under this Agreement, Executive shall be paid the aggregate of basic compensation, bonus and benefits as hereinafter set forth . b) Payment . Payment of all compensation to Executive hereunder shall be made in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time, including normal payroll practices . c) Benefits . The Company shall provide Executive with such benefits as are provided to other senior management of the Company . Benefits shall include at a minimum : i) paid time off (PTO) shall accrue as follows : Years 1 and 2 = 5 days Years 3 and 4 = 10 days Years 5+ = 15 days iii) PTO shall be approved with by the Executive s direct report. ii) health insurance coverage under the same terms as offered to other Executives of the Company, retirement programs as offered to other Executives of the Company, iv) such other benefits and perquisites as are approved by the Board of Directors . v) The Company has the right to modify conditions of participation, terminate any benefit, or change insurance plans and other providers of such benefits in its sole discretion . The Executive shall be reimbursed for out of pocket expenses that are pre - approved by the Company, subject to the Company s policies and procedures therefore, and only for such items that are a necessary and integral part of the Executive s job functions . vi) paid holidays as per the Company s policies . d) Bonus i) From time to time, the Company may pay to Executive a bonus . ii) Payment of any bonus compensation shall be at the sole discretion of the Board of Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 3 of 20 

Directors of the Company or the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Executive shall have no entitlement to any amount absent a decision by the Company as aforesaid to make such bonus compensation . iii) Such bonuses, if any shall be added as a written addendum to this Agreement . e) Nondeductible Compensation . In the event a deduction shall be disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service or a court of competent jurisdiction for federal income tax purposes for all or any part of the payment made to Executive by the Company or any other shareholder or Executive of the Company, and the Company shall be required by the Internal Revenue Service to pay a deficiency on account of such disallowance, then Executive shall repay to the Company or such other individual required to make such payment, an amount equal to the tax imposed on the disallowed portion of such payment, plus any and all interest and penalties paid with respect thereto . The Company or other party required to make payment shall not be required to defend any proposed disallowance or other action by the Internal Revenue Service or any other state, federal, or local taxing authorities . f) Withholding . All sums payable to Executive under this Agreement will be reduced by all federal, state, local, and other withholdings and similar taxes and payments required by applicable law . 8) OTHER EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS . a) Business Expenses . Upon submission of itemized expense statements in the manner specified by the Company, Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses duly incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties under this Agreement . b) Benefit Plans . Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s medical and dental plans, life and disability insurance plans and retirement plans pursuant to their terms and conditions . Executive shall be entitled to participate in any other benefit plan offered by the Company to its Executives during the term of this Agreement (other than stock option or stock incentive plans, which are governed by Section 8 (c) below) . Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any affiliate of the Company from terminating or amending any Executive benefit plan or program from time to time . c) Stock Options . Executive may be entitled to options to acquire shares of the Common Stock of the Company . If stock options are granted to the employee, such options will be governed in their entirety by the Motos America 2022 Stock Option Plan adopted by the Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 4 of 20 

shareholders of the Company, and the specific terms and conditions of a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Agreement , and a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Grant Notice (the forms of which are attached hereto as Exhibits A, B, and C respectively) entered into by and between the Executive and the Company . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer any rights, or privileges to acquire any stock options or other equity participation in the Company to the Executive, nor shall this Agreement create any burden or obligation on the Company to provide the same to the Executive . 9) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES . The Company shall have the authority to establish from time to time the policies and procedures to be followed by the Executive in performing services for the Company . Executive shall abide by the provisions of any contract entered into by the Company under which the Executive provides services . Executive shall comply with the terms and conditions of any and all contracts entered by the Company . 10) TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. a) With Cause . Upon termination of Executive s employment with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Executive, except to pay all accrued but unpaid base salary and accrued PTO to the date of termination thereof . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for cause for any one of the following reasons : iii) i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment is imposed, ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any employment or Company records, improper disclosure of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, iv) any action by the Executive which has a detrimental effect on the Company s reputation or business, v) Executive s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, vi) any breach of this Agreement, which breach is not cured within 7 days following written notice of such breach, vii) a course of conduct amounting to gross incompetence, viii) chronic and unexcused absenteeism, Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 5 of 20 

ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or x) misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Executive s duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which the Company is subject . b) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder at any time without cause, provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued PTO, less deductions required by law, but if, and only if, Executive executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that the Executive may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and Executive executes such form within 7 days of tender . c) Resignation . Upon termination of employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company if they are a director . d) Cooperation . After notice of termination, Executive shall cooperate with the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company, to effect a transition of Executive s responsibilities and to ensure that the Company is aware of all matters being handled by Executive . e) Compensation After Notice of Termination . After notice of termination has been given by either Company or Executive, as provided in this Article, Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation provided for in this Agreement until the notice period has expired . It is understood that after the written notice is given by either Company or Executive . Executive shall continue to devote substantially all of the Executive's time to the Executive's normal services for the Company during the notice period, with sufficient time allowed, in the sole discretion of the Company, for Executive to seek new employment . 11 DISABILITY OF EXECUTIVE . The Company may terminate this Agreement without liability if Executive shall be permanently prevented from properly performing his essential duties hereunder with reasonable accommodation by reason of illness or other physical or mental incapacity for a period of more than 45 consecutive days . Upon such termination, Executive shall be entitled to all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and PTO . Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 6 of 20 

i) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, whenever used in this Article 13 : (a) " Total disability " shall mean that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, whether it be due to sickness, accident, age or other infirmity, to engage in any aspect of the Executive's normal duties as set forth in this Agreement . (b) " Partial disability " shall mean that the Executive is able to perform, to some extent, on behalf of the Company, the particular services in which the Company specializes, and which the Executive previously performed for the Company, but that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, to devote the same amount of time to such services as was devoted prior to the occurrence of such sickness or accident . (c) " Normal monthly salary " shall mean the salary which the Executive is being paid by the Company per month as of the commencement date of the period of disability, as specified hereinabove or as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the terms hereof . (d) Total Disability . During a single period of total disability of the Executive, the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company, the Executive's normal monthly salary for the shorter of first three 3 months of disability or until any disability insurance policy available through the Executive s employment begins to pay benefits . If the single period of disability should continue beyond three 3 months, the Executive shall receive only such amount as the Executive shall be entitled to receive under disability insurance coverage on the Executive, if any . (e) Partial Disability . During a period of partial disability of the Executive, the Executive shall receive an amount of compensation computed as follows : 1. That portion of the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation which bears the same ratio to the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation as the amount of time which the Executive is able to devote to the usual performance of services on behalf of the Company during such period bears to the total time the Executive devoted to performing such services prior to the commencement date of the single period of disability, and 2. Such amount shall be calculated by multiplying the Executive s basic compensation by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 7 of 20 

percentage of normal services that the Executive is able to perform and the denominator which shall be the total services that the Executive is able to perform absent the partial disability . iii) ii) Combination of Total and Partial Disability . If a single period of disability of the Executive consists of a combination of total disability and partial disability, the maximum total disability compensation to which the Executive shall be entitled from the Company under this disability provision shall not exceed an amount equal to one 1 times the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation . Broken Periods of Disability . A period of disability may be continuous or broken . If broken into partial periods of disability which are separated by intervening periods of work, there shall be aggregated together all of such successive partial periods of disability except any period prior to the time when any single period of work extends for 2 months or longer ; and such aggregated periods of disability shall be treated as a single period in determining the amount of disability compensation to which an Executive shall be entitled under any provision of this Section . iv) Termination Due to Disability . If and when the period of total or partial disability of the Executive totals 2 months, the Executive's employment with the Company shall automatically terminate . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the disabled Executive and the Company agree, the disabled Executive may thereafter be employed by the Company upon such terms as may be mutually agreeable . v) Commencement Date of Disability . The commencement date of a period of disability, whether it be a continuous period or the aggregate of successive partial periods, shall be the first day on which the Executive is disabled . vi) Dispute Regarding Existence of Disability . Any dispute regarding the existence, extent or continuance of the disability shall be resolved by the determination of a majority of three 3 competent physicians, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Company, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Executive and the third 3 rd) of whom shall be selected by the other two 2 physicians so selected . 12 DEATH OF EXECUTIVE . In the event the Executive shall die during the term hereof, the Company shall pay to the Executive's surviving spouse, or if the Executive shall leave no surviving spouse, then to the Executive's estate, only such amounts as may have been earned by the Executive prior to the Executive's date of death, but which were unpaid at date of death . Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 8 of 20 

13) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENTS. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that all records with respect to clients, business associates, customer or referral lists, contracting parties and referral sources of the Company, and all personal, financial and business and proprietary information of the Company, its Executives, officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the Executive during the term of this Agreement and not generally known in the public (the "Confidential Information") are valuable, special and unique and proprietary assets of the Company's business . The Executive hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose any Confidential Information, in full or in part, in written or other form, to any person, firm, Company, association or other entity, or utilize the same for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Company . "Confidential Information" shall also include any information (including, but not limited to, technical or non - technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual or potential customers) that : (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use ; and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy . In the case of Company's business, Company's Trade Secrets include (without limitation) information regarding names and addresses of any customers, sales personnel, account invoices, training and educational manuals, administrative manuals, prospective customer leads, in whatever form, whether or not computer or electronically accessible "on - line . " 14) EXCLUSIVE EMPLOYMENT . During employment with the Company, Executive will not do anything to compete with the Company s present or contemplated business, nor will he or she plan or organize any competitive business activity . Executive will not enter into any agreement which conflicts with his duties or obligations to the Company . Executive will not during his employment or within 2 year after it ends, without the Company s express written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any Executive, agent, independent contractor, supplier, customer, consultant or any other person or company to terminate or Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 9 of 20 

alter a relationship with the Company. 15) HIRING. The Executive agrees that during the Executive's employment with the Company and for a period of 2 years following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not attempt to hire any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company to leave the Company's employ. 16) ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER . Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation thereof shall be void . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser of substantially all of Company s assets, any corporate successor to Company or any assignee thereof . 17) NO INCONSISTENT OBLIGATIONS . Executive is aware of no obligations, legal or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or with his undertaking employment with the Company . Executive will not disclose to the Company, or use, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary information or trade secrets of others . Executive represents and warrants that he or she has returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers . 18) ATTORNEYS FEES . The parties hereto agree that, in the event of breach or threatened breach of any covenants of Executive, the damage or imminent damage to the value and the goodwill of the Company s business shall be inestimable, and that therefore any remedy at law or in damages shall be inadequate . Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief against Executive in the event of any breach or threatened breach of any of such provisions by Executive, in addition to any other relief (including damages) available to the Company under this Agreement or under law . The prevailing party in any action instituted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses incurred in such action . In the event that either party is required to engage the services of legal counsel to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement against the other party, regardless of whether such action results in litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 10 of 20 

attorneys' fees, costs of legal assistants, and other costs from the other party, which shall include any fees or costs incurred at trial or in any appellate proceeding, and expenses and other costs, including any accounting expenses incurred . 19) GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah without regard to conflict of law principles . 20) AMENDMENT . This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company . 21) SEVERABILITY . If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect . 22) CONSTRUCTION . The headings and captions of this Agreement are provided for convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or interpreting this Agreement . The language in all parts of this Agreement shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against the Company or Executive . 23) RIGHTS CUMULATIVE . The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its successor), whether pursuant to this Agreement, to any other agreement, or to law, shall not preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies . 24) NONWAIVER . No failure or neglect of either party hereto in any instance to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall constitute a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or of the same right, power or privilege in any other instance . All waivers by either party hereto must be contained in a written instrument signed by the party to be charged and, in the case of the Company, by an officer of the Company (other than Executive) or other person duly authorized by the Company . 25) NOTICES . Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein, shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case of the Executive to the Executive's residence address set Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 11 of 20 

forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be designated by the Executive. 26) ASSISTANCE IN LITIGATION . Executive shall, during and after termination of employment, upon reasonable notice, furnish such information and proper assistance to the Company as may reasonably be required by the Company in connection with any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is, or may become a party ; provided, however, that such assistance following termination shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and for mutually agreeable compensation . 27) ARBITRATION . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be settled by arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah . Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, but the arbitration shall be in front of an arbitrator, with the following exceptions if in conflict : (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual consent of the Company and the Executive ; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator(s) ; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings has been given to such party . The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings . Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection . All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity ; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the Company from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief or relief under the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement . The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages, consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages to either party . The parties shall keep confidential the existence of the claim, controversy or disputes from third parties (other than the arbitrator), and the determination thereof, unless otherwise required by law or necessary for the business of the Company . The arbitrator(s) shall be required to follow applicable law . IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 12 of 20 

THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO . 28) SOLICITATION . The Executive further agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not, in any manner or at any time, solicit or encourage any person, firm, Company or other business entity who are clients, business associates or referral sources of the Company to cease doing business with the Company or to do business with the Executive . 29) COVENANTS INDEPENDENT . Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Executive set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which the Company and the Executive may have, fully performed and not executory, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive against the Company whether predicated upon another covenant or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any other covenant . 30) INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF . Executive and Company recognize and expressly agree that the extent of damages to Company in the event of a breach by Executive of any restrictive covenant set forth herein would be impossible to ascertain, that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably presumed, and that the remedy at law for any breach will be inadequate to compensate the Company . Consequently, the Executive agrees that in the event of a breach of any such covenant, in addition to any other relief to which Company may be entitled, Company shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive or other equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction . 31) INDEMNIFICATION . The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its officers, directors, shareholders and Executives harmless from and against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or all costs of prosecution or defense of their rights Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 13 of 20 

hereunder, whether in judicial proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether out of court, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys' fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising from or growing out of the Executive's breach or threatened breach of any covenant contained herein . 32) ACKNOWLEDGMENT . The Executive acknowledges that when this Agreement is concluded, the Executive will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing restrictions and that the Executive's recognition and representation of this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement and to Executive's continued relationship with the Company . 33) SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS . All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement . 34) LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY . Without the express written consent from the Board of Directors of the Company, the Executive shall have no apparent or implied authority to : a) Pledge the credit of the Company or any of its other Executives ; b) Bind the Company under any contract, agreement, note, mortgage or otherwise release or discharge any debt due the Company unless the Company has received the full amount thereof ; or sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Company . 35) REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY OF EXECUTIVE . The Executive acknowledges and understands that the Company has extended employment opportunities to Executive based upon Executive's representation and warranty that Executive is in good health and able to perform the work contemplated by this Agreement for the term hereof . 36) INVALID PROVISION ; SEVERABILITY . The invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted . 37) MODIFICATION . No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto . 38) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and supersedes all Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 14 of 20 

prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof . This Agreement may be changed only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, amendment, modification, or discharge is sought . 39) DISPUTES . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be arbitrated in accord with Section 27 herein above . If for any reason, before or after arbitration, any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement is litigated, it shall litigated solely in state or federal court in Salt Lake City, Utah . Each party hereby : a) submits to the jurisdiction of such court, b) waives the defense of an inconvenient forum, c) agrees that valid consent to service may be made by mailing or delivery of such service to the Secretary of State (the Agent or to the party at the party s last known address, if personal service delivery cannot be easily effected, and d) authorizes and directs the Agent to accept such service in the event that personal service delivery cannot easily be effected. 39) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . Each party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury as to any issue relating hereto in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other matter involving the parties hereto . Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 15 of 20 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, each party to this Agreement has caused it to be executed at Salt Lake City, Utah, on the date indicated below. Motos America Inc. DATE: _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Executive DATE: _ Lance A. Isaacs Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U May 05 2022 15:15 MST May 10 2022 15:29 MST Lance Isaacs Employment Agreement Page 16 of 20 

Addendum 1 MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF LANCE A. ISAACS Dated Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Executive Employment Agreement 

EXHIBIT A MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT MOTOS AMERICA 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN Lance A. Isaacs Executive Employment Agreement Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN This Stock Option Plan Option Plan is adopted by Motos America Inc . (the Company on the February 16 , 2022 , to be effective until all options granted hereunder are exercised, or until amended or rescinded by action of the Board of Directors of the Company . 1) ALLOCATION OF SHARES TO THE PLAN . Motos America Inc . does hereby allocate One Million Five Hundred Thousand 1 , 500 , 000 shares of its 0 . 001 par value common voting shares under this Option Plan, to be allocated among key employees, directors and key associates of the Company at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and as approved by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company Board . 2) ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS . Eligible Participants shall be determined from time to time by the Board from among the key employees of the Company, members of the Board of Directors of the Company, and key service suppliers to the Company . Such eligible participant shall be entitled to participate in this incentive stock option plan as part of their employment, retainer, or service agreements, when granted such options by the action of the Board by conveying to the Participant a Stock Option Grant Notice, substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Addendum 1 , and by entering into a Stock Option Agreement with the Company the form of which is attached hereto as Addendum 2 . 3) RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS . Each Stock Option Agreement entered into shall define the number of shares available to the Participant, the term of the Options, the vesting period and conditions of such vesting, the means and method of the exercise of such Options, the exercise price of such Options, as well as the means and methods of payment for the exercise of such Options . Each Stock Option Agreement shall further define the rights of the Participant to transfer their Options, and under what circumstances the Company may withdraw the Options granted to the Participant . 4) GOVERNING LAW . This Option Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada, and further subject to the regulations and rules of the Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U 

United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, NASDAQ, and any other Self - Regulatory Organization to which the Company reports, or may report during the pendency of this Option Plan . Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U 

Lance A. Isaacs Executive Employment Agreement EXHIBIT B MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT This Stock Option Agreement Option Agreement is made and entered into as of the March 1, 2022 Date of Grant ). BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Lance A. Isaacs (the Executive ), located at: 650 S Gaines Street #808 Portland, OR 97239 lance@cascademoto.com 385 - 287 - 5630 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice ("Grant Notice") and this Option Agreement, Motos America Inc . , a Nevada corporation (the "Company") has granted you an option under the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan of the Company attached hereto as Exhibit A to this Agreement and made part hereof (the "Option Plan") to purchase the number of shares of the Company's Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice . The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the "Date of Grant") . If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control . Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan and said definitions and documents are subject to periodic changes . In the following clauses, these terms shall have defined meanings as follows : Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 1 of 16 

a) Participant means an individual who is a manager, employee or a contractor of the Company, who is selected at the discretion of the President or Chief Executive Officer, and acknowledged by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board to be granted stock options ; b) Option means the stock option that entitles the Participant to acquire shares of the Company during the Exercise Period against payment of the Exercise Price provided for in Section 3 ; c) Option Shares means the total amount of 0 . 001 par value common voting shares of the Company which are made available for purchase by the Participant by means of the present Stock Option Agreement ; d) Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into this Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option ; e) Vesting means the process by which the Participant acquires the Option Shares granted to him/her through this Stock Option Agreement . Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service ; f) Vesting Period is the period of time before shares are unconditionally owned by an employee . If that person's employment terminates before the end of the vesting period, the company can buy back the shares at the original price ; g) Vesting Schedule means a table indicating the number of Option Shares that will vest throughout the Vesting Period, which the Participant may purchase after the Vesting Period or upon the occurrence of any of the triggering events under section 15 , 16 and 17 ; h) Vested Option Shares means a portion of the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire throughout the Vesting Period and the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire after the Vesting Period has ended ; i) Anniversary Date(s) means the date that is 365 days, or multiples thereof from the Date of Grant of the Option and as of which the Option may be exercised ; j) Exercise means the purchase of all Option Shares by the Participant after the Vesting Period has ended, or the purchase of a fraction of vested Option Shares by the Participant upon the occurrence of certain triggering events ; k) Exercise Price means the price, determined at the Date of Grant, at which an Option Share can be purchased by the Participant ; Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 2 of 16 

l) Exercise Period means the period of time during which the Participant may purchase the Option Shares. 1. OPTION GRANT On the date of entry into force of this Agreement, (the "Grant Date"), the Company grants the participant an option (the "Option") to purchase the aggregate number of [NUMBER OF SHARES] common voting shares of the Company as described above (the "Option Shares") against payment of the exercise price per share of [EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE] indicated above (the "Exercise Price") during the exercise period beginning on [EXERCICE BEGIN DATE] and ending on [EXERCICE END DATE], subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 2. EXERCISE PRICE The exercise price is set at [EXERCISE PRICE] per share, which represents the fair market value per share of the Company on the grant date, determined by the Company considering the prevailing market price for the Shares, and/or other transactions in the Option Shares directly with the Company, not involving market transactions . Also, the number of common shares subject to your option and your exercise price per share may be adjusted from time to time for capital adjustments such as splits, reverses and the like . 3. METHOD OF PAYMENT Payment of the exercise price is due in full upon exercise of all or any part of your option . You may elect to make payment of the exercise price of your option in cash or by check or in any other manner permitted above, which may include one or more of the following : a) Bank draft or money order payable to the Company . b) Other methods which may be defined in the future and become available to you . 4. WHOLE SHARES You may exercise your option only for whole Common Shares . 5. VESTING RIGHTS Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service . Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 3 of 16 

6. EXERCISE . You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by delivering a notice in a form substantially similar to the Notice of Exercise (appended hereto as Addendum 1 together with payment of the exercise price to the Company's Option Plan administrator, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company's Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise . c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant or within one 1 year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option . 7. EXERCISE PRIOR TO VESTING ("EARLY EXERCISE") If permitted in your Grant Notice (i . e . , the "Exercise Schedule" indicates "Early Exercise Permitted") and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option ; provided, however, that : Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 4 of 16 

a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock ; b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement ; c) you will enter into the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred . 8. TERM Unless otherwise specified, you may not exercise your option before such options are vested as defined in the Vesting Schedule of your Grant of Options, or after the expiration of the option's term . The term of your option expires upon the earliest of the following : a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause ; b) three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8 (d) below) ; provided, however, that if during any part of such three 3 month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section below relating to "Securities Law Compliance," your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service ; provided further, if during any part of such three 3 month period, the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would violate the Company's insider trading policy, then your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would not be in violation of the Company's insider trading policy . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) you are a Non - Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six 6 months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of the later of (A) the date that is seven 7 months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and the Expiration Date ; Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 5 of 16 

c) twelve 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 16 below ; d) eighteen 18 months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three 3 months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause ; e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice ; or f) the day before the tenth 10 th) anniversary of the Date of Grant . If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three 3 months before the date of your option's exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability . The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three 3 months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates . 9. SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act . The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas . Reg . 1 . 401 (k) - 1 (d)( 3 ), if applicable) . 10. RESTRICTION OF EXERCISE FOR EMPLOYEES NOT EXEMPTED If you are an employee eligible for overtime pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 , as amended (i . e . , an "non - exempt employee"), and unless otherwise provided in the plan, you may not exercise your election until you have completed at least six 6 months of continuous service from the date of the grant, even if you have been an employee for more than six 6 months . In Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 6 of 16 

accordance with the provisions of the Workers' Economic Opportunities Act, you may exercise your option in respect of any portion vested before this six 6 month anniversary in the event of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a business transaction for which your option is not deemed, maintained or replaced, (iii) a change of control or (iv) your termination of continuous service when you "retire" (as defined in the Corporation's benefit plans) . 11. TRANSFERABILITY a) Restrictions on Transfer. Your option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you; provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, permit you to transfer your option in a manner consistent with applicable tax and securities laws upon your request. b) Domestic Relations Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your option may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order. You may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1 . 421 - 1 (b)( 2 that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer . You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement . If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Non - statutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer . c) Beneficiary Designation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise your option . In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise . d) Certain Trusts . You may also transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner while the option is held in the trust . You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company . Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 7 of 16 

12. OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment . In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate . 13. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a "cashless exercise" pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option . b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, in its sole discretion, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested Common Shares otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole Common Shares having a Market Price, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid variable award accounting) . Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility . 14. TAX CONSEQUENCES You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Option Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities . You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation . In particular, you acknowledge that this Option is exempt from Section 409 A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the "fair market value" Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 8 of 16 

per share of the Option Shares on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Option . 15. BAD LEAVER In the event that the Participant's employment relationship with the Company ends because he has become a Bad Leaver (i . e . dismissal for an urgent reason) a material breach of the Participant's Employment Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement, or similar reasons determined by the Company's written employment policies : a) The acquisition of the shares covered by options ceases immediately ; b) If the participant becomes a bad leaver during the vesting period, the vested shares of an option and unvested shares of an option become void and the participant no longer has any rights with respect to such vested or unvested shares ; c) If the Participant becomes a bad leaver after the exercise of the Option Shares, the Participant must offer and, if such offer is accepted by the Corporation, transfer all of the Option Shares held by the Participant to the Company, which is not required to accept the above offer . If the participant who is a bad leaver refuses to make the transfer, the Company has the right to cancel all of the participant's outstanding option shares and to pay the participant the par value of the option shares so cancelled . 16. PARTICIPANT'S DISABILITY In the event of termination of the Participant's employment contract due to a disability on the Participant's side ("Disability Termination"), the Participant may, but only within 12 months following the date of termination of employment (but in no event later than the expiry date of the term of this Option), exercise this Option to the extent that the Participant had the right to exercise it on such termination date . To the extent that the Particiant was not entitled to exercise this option on the date of termination of disability, or if he does not exercise it within the time limits provided herein, this option shall terminate . 17. DEATH OF THE PARTICIPANT In the event of the death of the Participant occurring during the term of this Option and while the Participant is an employee of the Corporation, provided that the Participant has had continuous employee status since the date of grant of this Option, this Option may be exercised at any time within 12 months following the date of death by a person entitled to exercise this Option by Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 9 of 16 

legacy or inheritance, but only to the extent of the exercise right that had accrued at the time of the death of the Participant . To the extent that the Participant did not have the right to exercise the Option on the date of death, or if a person authorized by the Participant does not exercise such Option before the exercise end date as specified herein, such Option shall terminate . 18. NOTICES Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon your receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, five 5 days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company . 19. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Option Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit A , the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Option Plan . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Option Plan, the provisions of the Option Plan shall control . The Board (or appropriate committee thereof) will have the power to interpret the Option Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Option Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules . All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Board will be final and binding upon you, the Company and all other interested persons . No member of the Board will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Option Plan or this Agreement . 20. EFFECT ON OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS The value of this option will not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides . The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's employee benefit plans . 21. SEVERABILITY If all or any part of this Option Agreement or the Option Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 10 of 16 

invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid . Any Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid . 22. MISCELLANEOUS a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your option shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company's successors and assigns ; b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option ; c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option and fully understand all provisions of your option ; d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required ; e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company . Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 11 of 16 

23. GOVERNING LAW This Stock Option Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the State of Utah, which state shall have jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or by reason of this Agreement . Motos America Inc . DATE: _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Participant DATE: _ Lance A. Isaacs Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U May 05 2022 15:15 MST May 10 2022 15:29 MST Lance A. Isaacs Stock Option Agreement Page 12 of 16 

ADDENDUM 1 TO THE MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT NOTICE OF EXERCISE Motos America Inc. 510 So. 200 West #110 Salt Lake City, U 84101 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator Date of Exercise: This constitutes notice to Motos America Inc. under my Option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company for the price set forth below. Non - statutory Incentive Type of option (check one): Stock option dated: Number of Shares as to which option is exercised: Certificates to be issued in name of: Total exercise price: Cash payment delivered herewith: Value of Shares delivered herewith: Value of Shares pursuant to net exercise: [Regulation T Program (cashless exercise): By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Motos America Inc . 2022 Option Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement 

exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an Incentive Stock Option, to notify you in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant of this option or within one 1 year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option . I further agree that, if required by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of the offering of any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty 180 days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rule or regulation) (the "Lock - Up Period") . I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto . In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such period . Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Participant: Lance A. Isaacs DATE: Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U 

Lance A. Isaacs Executive Employment Agreement EXHIBIT C MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE This Stock Option Grant Notice (" Grant Notice ") is made and effective on Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into an Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option options described hereinafter ; BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Lance A. Isaacs (the Executive ), located at: 650 S Gaines Street #808 Portland, OR 97239 lance@cascademoto.com 385 - 287 - 5630 Notice is hereby given of the following Option to purchase shares of the 0.001 par value common voting shares of the Company Option Shares has been awarded to Participant: Participant: Date of Grant: Vesting Period: Exercise Price: Number of Option Shares: Expiration Date: Vesting Schedule: Exercise Schedule: Early Exercise Permitted: Lance A. Isaacs March 1, 2022 5 Years Determined on Vesting 25,000 March 1, 2030 20 per year, subject to KPIs Beginning March 1, 2023 Ending March 1, 2030 No Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U Lance A. Isaacs Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 1 of 2 

This Grant Notice is qualified in its entirety by the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan , and a Stock Option Agreement that must be entered into by and between the Company and the Participant before this Grant Notice is of any effect . NO EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE CONTRACT Nothing in this Grant Notice or in the Stock Option Agreement shall confer upon Participant any right to continue their employment, or offering their services for any period of specific duration, nor shall this Grant Notice interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any affiliate employing or retaining Participant) or of Participant, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate Participant 's service/employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause . Motos America Inc . DATE: _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Participant May 10 2022 15:29 MST DATE: _ Lance A. Isaacs Zoho Sign Document ID: SKPMVSINLTKOCRIQJ2WDINFLGXNGJDFTYOS3MVH_N1U May 05 2022 15:15 MST Lance A. Isaacs Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 motos_ex1005.htm
 TAYLOR BRODY SERVICES AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.5 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. SERVICES AGREEMENT This Services Agreement for an Contractor (the "Agreement") is made and effective this 1 st Day January, 2022. BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at 510 So . 200 West, Suite 110 , Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Taylor Brody (the Contractor ), located at: 2690 S Kenwood Street, Salt Lake City, UT 84106 Email(s): taylor@resgato.com , taylor@cascademotogroup.com , Phone: 801 - 259 - 1210 RECITALS In consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and the moneys to be paid hereunder, the Company hereby retains the Contractor and the Contractor hereby agrees to perform services as a Contractor for the Company, upon the following terms and conditions : 1) TERM . The Company hereby retains Contractor to serve as Consultant and to serve in such additional or different position or positions as the Company may determine in its sole discretion . The term of Services shall be for a period of 4 years Service Period to commence on January 1 , 2022 , unless earlier terminated as set forth herein . The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first set forth above, and it shall continue in effect until the earlier of : i) The effective date of any subsequent Services agreement between the Company and the Contractor; ii) The effective date of any termination of Services as provided elsewhere herein; or 4 year(s) from the effective date hereof, provided, that this Services Agreement shall Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 1 of 13 

automatically renew for successive periods of 5 years each unless either party gives written notice to other that it does not wish to automatically renew this Agreement, which written notice must be received by the other party no less than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term . 2) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES . Contractor will be reporting the Chief Executive Officer . The Contractor shall have the duties and responsibilities as may be assigned from time to time by, or at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company . The Duties and Responsibilities of the Contractor shall be enumerated in Addendum 1 hereto, and may be modified from time to time by the Company . 3) LOCATION . The initial principal location at which Contractor shall perform services for the Company shall be 510 So . 200 W . Salt Lake City, UT 84101 or as directed by the Chief Executive Officer . 4) DEVOTION OF TIME TO SERVICES . The Contractor shall devote the Contractor's best efforts and 20 to 30 hours of working time each month to performing the duties on behalf of the Company . The Contractor shall provide services during the normal business hours of the Company as determined by the Company . 5) QUALIFICATIONS . The Contractor shall, as a condition of this Agreement, satisfy all of the qualification that are reasonably and in good faith established by the Board of Directors . 6) COMPENSATION. a) Fee . Contractor shall be paid a fee Fee at the annual rate of 30 , 000 . 00 for digital marketing consulting for 20 to 30 hours monthly as directed payable in bi - weekly installments consistent with Company s policies then in effect . b) Payment . Payment of all compensation to Contractor hereunder shall be made in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time . 7) OTHER PAYMENTS AND COMPENSATION a) Business Expenses . Upon submission of itemized expense statements in the manner specified by the Company, Contractor shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses duly incurred by Contractor in the Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 2 of 13 

performance of his duties under this Agreement . b) Stock Options . Contractor may be entitled to options to acquire shares of the Common Stock of the Company . If stock options are granted, such options will be governed in their entirety by the Motos America 2022 Stock Option Plan adopted by the shareholders of the Company, and the specific terms and conditions of a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Agreement , and a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Grant Notice (the forms of which are attached hereto as Exhibits A, B, and C respectively) entered into by and between the Contractor and the Company . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer any rights, or privileges to acquire any stock options or other equity participation in the Company to the Contractor, nor shall this Agreement create any burden or obligation on the Company to provide the same to the Contractor . 8) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES . The Company shall have the authority to establish from time to time the policies and procedures to be followed by the Contractor in performing services for the Company . Contractor shall abide by the provisions of any contract entered into by the Company under which the Contractor provides services . Contractor shall comply with the terms and conditions of any and all contracts entered by the Company . 9) TERMINATION OF SERVICES. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Company, with or without cause . Upon termination of Contractor s Services with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Contractor 10) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENTS. Contractor recognizes and acknowledges that all records with respect to clients, business associates, customer or referral lists, contracting parties and referral sources of the Company, and all personal, financial and business and proprietary information of the Company, its Executives, officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the Contractor during the term of this Agreement and not generally known in the public (the "Confidential Information") are valuable, special and unique and proprietary assets of the Company's business . The Contractor hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Contractor will not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose any Confidential Information, in full or in part, in written or other form, to any person, firm, Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 3 of 13 

Company, association or other entity, or utilize the same for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Company . "Confidential Information" shall also include any information (including, but not limited to, technical or non - technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual or potential customers) that : (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use ; and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy . In the case of Company's business, Company's Trade Secrets include (without limitation) information regarding names and addresses of any customers, sales personnel, account invoices, training and educational manuals, administrative manuals, prospective customer leads, in whatever form, whether or not computer or electronically accessible "on - line . " 11) HIRING. The Contractor agrees that during the Contractor's services with the Company and for a period of 2 years following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Contractor will not attempt to hire any executive or independent contractor of the Company or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage any other executive or independent contractor of the Company to leave the Company's employ. 12) ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER . Contractor s rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation thereof shall be void . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser of substantially all of Company s assets, any corporate successor to Company or any assignee thereof . 13) NO INCONSISTENT OBLIGATIONS . Contractor is aware of no obligations, legal or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or with his undertaking employment with the Company . Contractor will not disclose to the Company, or use, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary information or trade secrets of others . Contractor represents and warrants that he or she has returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers . Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 4 of 13 

14) ATTORNEYS FEES . The parties hereto agree that, in the event of breach or threatened breach of any covenants of Contractor, the damage or imminent damage to the value and the goodwill of the Company s business shall be inestimable, and that therefore any remedy at law or in damages shall be inadequate . Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief against Contractor in the event of any breach or threatened breach of any of such provisions by Contractor, in addition to any other relief (including damages) available to the Company under this Agreement or under law . The prevailing party in any action instituted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses incurred in such action . In the event that either party is required to engage the services of legal counsel to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement against the other party, regardless of whether such action results in litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees, costs of legal assistants, and other costs from the other party, which shall include any fees or costs incurred at trial or in any appellate proceeding, and expenses and other costs, including any accounting expenses incurred . 15) GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah without regard to conflict of law principles . 16) AMENDMENT . This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Contractor and by a duly authorized representative of the Company . 17) SEVERABILITY . If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect . 18) CONSTRUCTION . The headings and captions of this Agreement are provided for convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or interpreting this Agreement . The language in all parts of this Agreement shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against the Company or Contractor . 19) RIGHTS CUMULATIVE . The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its successor), whether pursuant to this Agreement, to any other agreement, or to law, shall not Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 5 of 13 

preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies. 20) NONWAIVER . No failure or neglect of either party hereto in any instance to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall constitute a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or of the same right, power or privilege in any other instance . All waivers by either party hereto must be contained in a written instrument signed by the party to be charged and, in the case of the Company, by an officer of the Company (other than Contractor) or other person duly authorized by the Company . 21) NOTICES . Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein, shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case of the Contractor to the Contractor's residence address set forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be designated by the Contractor . 22) ASSISTANCE IN LITIGATION . Contractor shall, during and after termination of Services, upon reasonable notice, furnish such information and proper assistance to the Company as may reasonably be required by the Company in connection with any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is, or may become a party ; provided, however, that such assistance following termination shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and for mutually agreeable compensation . 23) ARBITRATION . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be settled by arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah . Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, but the arbitration shall be in front of an arbitrator, with the following exceptions if in conflict : (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual consent of the Company and the Contractor ; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator(s) ; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings has been given to such party . The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings . Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 6 of 13 

any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection . All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity ; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the Company from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief or relief under the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement . The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages, consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages to either party . The parties shall keep confidential the existence of the claim, controversy or disputes from third parties (other than the arbitrator), and the determination thereof, unless otherwise required by law or necessary for the business of the Company . The arbitrator(s) shall be required to follow applicable law . IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO . 24) COVENANTS INDEPENDENT . Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Contractor set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which the Company and the Contractor may have, fully performed and not executory, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Contractor against the Company whether predicated upon another covenant or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any other covenant . 25) INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF . Contractor and Company recognize and expressly agree that the extent of damages to Company in the event of a breach by Contractor of any restrictive covenant set forth herein would be impossible to ascertain, that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably presumed, and that the remedy at law for any breach will be inadequate to compensate the Company . Consequently, the Contractor agrees that in the event of a breach of any such covenant, in addition to any other relief to which Company may be entitled, Company shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive or other equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction . Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 7 of 13 

26) INDEMNIFICATION . The Contractor hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its officers, directors, shareholders and Executives harmless from and against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or all costs of prosecution or defense of their rights hereunder, whether in judicial proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether out of court, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys' fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising from or growing out of the Contractor's breach or threatened breach of any covenant contained herein . 27) ACKNOWLEDGMENT . The Contractor acknowledges that when this Agreement is concluded, the Contractor will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing restrictions and that the Contractor's recognition and representation of this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement and to Contractor's continued relationship with the Company . 28) SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS . All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement . 29) LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY . Without the express written consent from the Board of Directors of the Company, the Contractor shall have no apparent or implied authority to : a) Pledge the credit of the Company or any of its other Executives ; b) Bind the Company under any contract, agreement, note, mortgage or otherwise release or discharge any debt due the Company unless the Company has received the full amount thereof ; or sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Company. 30) REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY OF CONTRACTOR. The Contractor acknowledges and understands that the Company has extended employment opportunities to Contractor based upon Contractor's representation and warranty that Contractor is in good health and able to perform the work contemplated by this Agreement for the term hereof . 31) INVALID PROVISION ; SEVERABILITY . The invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted . Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 8 of 13 

32) MODIFICATION . No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto . 33) ENTIRE AGREEMENT . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof . This Agreement may be changed only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, amendment, modification, or discharge is sought . IN WITNESS HEREOF, each party to this Agreement has caused it to be executed at on the date indicated below. Motos America Inc. DATE: _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Contractor DATE: _ Taylor Brody Taylor Brody Services Agreement Page 9 of 13 

Addendum 1 MOTOS AMERICA INC. SERVICES AGREEMENT DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF TAYLOR BRODY Dated Taylor Brody Services Agreement 

EXHIBIT A MOTOS AMERICA INC. SERVICES AGREEMENT MOTOS AMERICA 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN Taylor Brody Services Agreement 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN This Stock Option Plan Option Plan is adopted by Motos America Inc . (the Company on the February 16 , 2022 , to be effective until all options granted hereunder are exercised, or until amended or rescinded by action of the Board of Directors of the Company . 1) ALLOCATION OF SHARES TO THE PLAN . Motos America Inc . does hereby allocate One Million Five Hundred Thousand 1 , 500 , 000 shares of its 0 . 001 par value common voting shares under this Option Plan, to be allocated among key employees, directors and key associates of the Company at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and as approved by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company Board . 2) ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS . Eligible Participants shall be determined from time to time by the Board from among the key employees of the Company, members of the Board of Directors of the Company, and key service suppliers to the Company . Such eligible participant shall be entitled to participate in this incentive stock option plan as part of their employment, retainer, or service agreements, when granted such options by the action of the Board by conveying to the Participant a Stock Option Grant Notice, substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Addendum 1 , and by entering into a Stock Option Agreement with the Company the form of which is attached hereto as Addendum 2 . 3) RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS . Each Stock Option Agreement entered into shall define the number of shares available to the Participant, the term of the Options, the vesting period and conditions of such vesting, the means and method of the exercise of such Options, the exercise price of such Options, as well as the means and methods of payment for the exercise of such Options . Each Stock Option Agreement shall further define the rights of the Participant to transfer their Options, and under what circumstances the Company may withdraw the Options granted to the Participant . 4) GOVERNING LAW . This Option Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada, and further subject to the regulations and rules of the 

United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, NASDAQ, and any other Self - Regulatory Organization to which the Company reports, or may report during the pendency of this Option Plan . 

Taylor Brody Services Agreement EXHIBIT B MOTOS AMERICA INC. SERVICES AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT This Stock Option Agreement Option Agreement is made and entered into as of the March 1, 2022 Date of Grant ). BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So . 200 West, Suite 110 , Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Big River Trust dated December 20 , 2021 , Philip Danielson of Farmington Utah Trustee (the "Participant"), located at : 139 E 400 N, Farmington ,UT 84025 801 350 - 1197 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice ("Grant Notice") and this Option Agreement, Motos America Inc . , a Nevada corporation (the "Company") has granted you an option under the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan of the Company attached hereto as Exhibit A to this Agreement and made part hereof (the "Option Plan") to purchase the number of shares of the Company's Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice . The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the "Date of Grant") . If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control . Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan and said definitions and documents are subject to periodic changes . In the following clauses, these terms shall have defined meanings as follows : a) Participant means an individual who is a manager, employee or a contractor of the Company, who is selected at the discretion of the President or Chief Executive Officer, and acknowledged by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board to be granted stock options ; Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Page 1 of 10 

b) Option means the stock option that entitles the Participant to acquire shares of the Company during the Exercise Period against payment of the Exercise Price provided for in Section 3 ; c) Option Shares means the total amount of 0 . 001 par value common voting shares of the Company which are made available for purchase by the Participant by means of the present Stock Option Agreement ; d) Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into this Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option ; e) Vesting means the process by which the Participant acquires the Option Shares granted to him/her through this Stock Option Agreement . Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service ; f) Vesting Period is the period of time before shares are unconditionally owned by Participant . If that person's service to the Company terminates before the end of the vesting period, the company can buy back the shares at the original price ; g) Vesting Schedule means a table indicating the number of Option Shares that will vest throughout the Vesting Period, which the Participant may purchase after the Vesting Period or upon the occurrence of any of the triggering events under section 15 , 16 and 17 ; h) Vested Option Shares means a portion of the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire throughout the Vesting Period and the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire after the Vesting Period has ended ; i) Anniversary Date(s) means the date that is 365 days, or multiples thereof from the Date of Grant of the Option and as of which the Option may be exercised ; j) Exercise means the purchase of all Option Shares by the Participant after the Vesting Period has ended, or the purchase of a fraction of vested Option Shares by the Participant upon the occurrence of certain triggering events ; k) Exercise Price means the price, determined at the Date of Grant, at which an Option Share can be purchased by the Participant ; l) Exercise Period means the period of time during which the Participant may purchase the Option Shares . Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Page 2 of 10 

1. OPTION GRANT On the date of entry into force of this Agreement, (the "Grant Date"), the Company grants the participant an option (the "Option") to purchase the aggregate number of 25 , 000 common voting shares of the Company as described above (the "Option Shares") against payment of the exercise price per share of ISO Price indicated above (the "Exercise Price") during the exercise period beginning on March 1 , 2022 and ending on March 1 , 2030 , subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 2. EXERCISE PRICE The exercise price is 2 . 00 per share, which represents the fair market value per share of the Company on the grant date, determined by the Company considering the prevailing market price for the Shares, and/or other transactions in the Option Shares directly with the Company, not involving market transactions . Also, the number of common shares subject to your option and your exercise price per share may be adjusted from time to time for capital adjustments such as splits, reverses and the like . 3. METHOD OF PAYMENT Payment of the exercise price is due in full upon exercise of all or any part of your option . You may elect to make payment of the exercise price of your option in cash or by check or in any other manner permitted above, which may include one or more of the following : a) Bank draft or money order payable to the Company . b) Other methods which may be defined in the future and become available to you . 4. WHOLE SHARES You may exercise your option only for whole Common Shares . 5. VESTING RIGHTS Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of the Service Agreement between the Company and Taylor Brody dated January 1 , 2022 . 6. EXERCISE . You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by delivering a notice in a form substantially similar to the Notice of Exercise (appended hereto as Addendum 1 together Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Page 3 of 10 

with payment of the exercise price to the Company's Option Plan administrator, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company's Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise . c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant or within one 1 year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option . 7. TERM Unless otherwise specified, you may not exercise your option before such options are vested as defined in the Vesting Schedule of your Grant of Options, or immediately upon the termination of the Service Agreement between the Company and Taylor Brody dated January 1 , 2022 . 8. TRANSFERABILITY a) Your option shall not be transferable ; provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, permit you to transfer your option in a manner consistent with applicable tax and securities laws upon your request . b) Domestic Relations Orders . Notwithstanding the foregoing, your option may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order . You may transfer your option Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Page 4 of 10 

pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1 . 421 - 1 (b)( 2 that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer . You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement . If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Non - statutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer . c) Beneficiary Designation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise your option . In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise . d) Certain Trusts . You may also transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner while the option is held in the trust . You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company . 9. OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the service of the Company . 10. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a "cashless exercise" pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option . b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, in its sole discretion, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Page 5 of 10 

withhold from fully vested Common Shares otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole Common Shares having a Market Price, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid variable award accounting) . Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility . 11. TAX CONSEQUENCES You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Option Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities . You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation . In particular, you acknowledge that this Option is exempt from Section 409 A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the "fair market value" per share of the Option Shares on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Option . 12. NOTICES Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon your receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, five 5 days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company . 13. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Option Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit A , the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Option Plan . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Option Plan, the provisions of the Option Plan shall control . The Board (or appropriate committee thereof) will have the power to interpret the Option Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Option Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules . All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Board will be final and binding upon you, the Company and all other interested persons . No member of the Board Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Page 6 of 10 

will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Option Plan or this Agreement . 14. SEVERABILITY If all or any part of this Option Agreement or the Option Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid . Any Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid . 15. MISCELLANEOUS a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your option shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company's successors and assigns ; b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option ; c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option and fully understand all provisions of your option ; d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required ; e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company . 15. GOVERNING LAW This Stock Option Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the State of Utah, which state shall have jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or by reason of this Agreement . Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Page 7 of 10 

Motos America Inc. DATE: _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Participant Big River Trust dated December 20, 2021, Philip Danielson of Farmington Utah Trustee Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Page 8 of 10 Date 

ADDENDUM 1 TO THE MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT NOTICE OF EXERCISE Motos America Inc. 510 So. 200 West #110 Salt Lake City, U 84101 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator Date of Exercise: This constitutes notice to Motos America Inc. under my Option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company for the price set forth below. Non - statutory Incentive Type of option (check one): Stock option dated: Number of Shares as to which option is exercised: Certificates to be issued in name of: Total exercise price: Cash payment delivered herewith: Value of Shares delivered herewith: Value of Shares pursuant to net exercise: Regulation T Program (cashless exercise): By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Motos America Inc . 2022 Option Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement 

exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an Incentive Stock Option, to notify you in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant of this option or within one 1 year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option . I further agree that, if required by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of the offering of any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty 180 days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rule or regulation) (the "Lock - Up Period") . I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto . In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such period . Big River Trust Stock Option Agreement Participant: DATE: 

Taylor Brody Services Agreement EXHIBIT C MOTOS AMERICA INC. SERVICES AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE This Stock Option Grant Notice (" Grant Notice ") is made and effective on Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into an Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option options described hereinafter ; BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So . 200 West Suite 110 , Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Big River Trust dated December 20 , 2021 , Philip Danielson of Farmington Utah Trustee (the "Participant"), located at : 139 E 400 N, Farmington ,UT 84025 801 350 - 1197 In accordance with the Terms Sheet entered into by and between the Company and the Participant on January 31 st , 2022 , which Terms sheet is attached hereto, notice is hereby given of the following Option to purchase shares of the 0 . 001 par value common voting shares of the Company Option Shares has been awarded to Participant : Participant: Big River Trust dated December 20, 2021, Philip Danielson of Farmington Utah Trustee March1, 2022 4 years 2.00 25,000 March 1, 2030 - 20 of grants (5,000 Shares) upon execution of the Services Agreement with Taylor Brody - 20 of grants (5,000 Shares) will vest on the 1st anniversary of the Services Agreement with Taylor Brody. Date of Grant: Vesting Period: Exercise Price: Number of Option Shares: Expiration Date: Vesting Schedule: Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 1 of 2 

- 20 of grants 5 , 000 Shares) will vest on the 2 nd anniversary of the Services Agreement with Taylor Brody . - 20 of grants 5 , 000 Shares) will vest on the 3 rd anniversary of the Services Agreement with Taylor Brody . - 20 of grants 5 , 000 Shares) will vest on the 4 th anniversary of the Services Agreement with Taylor Brody . Beginning March 1, 2023 Ending March 1, 2030 No Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 2 of 2 Exercise Schedule: Early Exercise Permitted: This Grant Notice is qualified in its entirety by the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan , and a Stock Option Agreement that must be entered into by and between the Company and the Participant before this Grant Notice is of any effect . NO EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE CONTRACT Nothing in this Grant Notice or in the Stock Option Agreement shall confer upon Participant any right to continue their employment, or offering their services for any period of specific duration, nor shall this Grant Notice interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any affiliate employing or retaining Participant) or of Participant, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate Participant 's service/employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause . Motos America Inc . _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Date Participant _ Big River Trust dated December 20, 2021, Philip Danielson of Farmington Utah Trustee Date 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 motos_ex1006.htm
 TERINA LIDDIARD EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.6 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement for an Executive (the "Agreement") is made and effective this 1 st day of January, 2022, BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Terina Liddiard (the Executive ), located at: 7254 South Redwood Road West Jordan, UT 84084 Email: terina@motosamerica.com Phone: 801 - 949 - 3291 RECITALS In consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and the moneys to be paid hereunder, the Company hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby agrees to perform services as an Executive of the Company, upon the following terms and conditions : 1) TERM . The Company hereby employs Executive to serve as Chief Financial Officer and to serve in such additional or different position or positions as the Company may determine in its sole discretion . The term of employment shall be for a period of 5 years Employment Period to commence on January 1 , 2022 , unless earlier terminated as set forth herein . The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first set forth above, and it shall continue in effect until the earlier of : i) The effective date of any subsequent employment agreement between the Company and the Executive ; Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 1 of 19 

ii) The effective date of any termination of employment as provided elsewhere herein ; or 5 year(s) from the effective date hereof, provided, that this Employment Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of 5 years each unless either party gives written notice to other that it does not wish to automatically renew this Agreement, which written notice must be received by the other party no less than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term . 2) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES . Executive will be reporting the Chief Executive Officer . Within the limitations established by the By - laws of the Company, the Executive shall have each and all of the duties and responsibilities of that position and such other or different duties on behalf of the Company, as may be assigned from time to time by, or at the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company . The Duties and Responsibilities of the Executive are enumerated in Addendum 1 hereto, and may be modified from time to time by joint agreement of the Executive and the Company . 3) LOCATION . The initial principal location at which Executive shall perform services for the Company shall be 510 So . 200 W . Salt Lake City, UT 84101 or as directed by the Chief Executive Officer . 4) ACCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT . Executive accepts employment with the Company upon the terms set forth above and agrees to devote all Executive s time, energy and ability to the interests of the Company, and to perform Executive s duties in an efficient, trustworthy and business - like manner . 5) DEVOTION OF TIME TO EMPLOYMENT . The Executive shall devote the Executive's best efforts and substantially all of the Executive's working time to performing the duties on behalf of the Company . The Executive shall provide services during the normal business hours of the Company as determined by the Company . Reasonable amounts of time may be allotted to personal or outside business, charitable and professional activities and shall not constitute a violation of this Agreement provided such activities do not materially interfere with the services required to be rendered hereunder . 6) QUALIFICATIONS . The Executive shall, as a condition of this Agreement, satisfy all of the qualification that are reasonably and in good faith established by the Board of Directors . Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 2 of 19 

7) COMPENSATION. a) Base Salary Executive shall be paid a base salary Base Salary of 6,000.00 per month. The Executive shall also be paid a bonus ("Bonus") of 500.00 per month for each dealership acquired by the Company beginning with the 4th such dealership acquired or managed by the Company. This Bonus shall be paid on up to 8 such additional dealerships, amounting to 4,000 per month in Bonus per month should the Company have 11 or more dealerships under management or ownership. The Base Salary and Bonus shall be reviewed on or before December 31st of each year, unless Executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement. b) Payment . Payment of all compensation to Executive hereunder shall be made in payable in semi - monthly installments in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time, including normal payroll practices . c) Benefits . The Company shall provide Executive with such benefits as are provided to other senior management of the Company . Benefits shall include at a minimum : i) paid time off (PTO) shall accrue as follows : Years 1 and 2 = 5 days Years 3 and 4 = 10 days Years 5+ = 15 days iii) PTO shall be approved with by the Executive s direct report, ii) health insurance coverage under the same terms as offered to other Executives of the Company, retirement programs as offered to other Executives of the Company, iv) such other benefits and perquisites as are approved by the Board of Directors, and v) paid holidays as per the Company s policies . vi) The Company has the right to modify conditions of participation, terminate any benefit, or change insurance plans and other providers of such benefits in its sole discretion . The Executive shall be reimbursed for out of pocket expenses that are pre - approved by the Company, subject to the Company s policies and procedures therefore, and only for such items that are a necessary and integral part of the Executive s job functions . d) Bonus i) From time to time, the Company may pay to Executive a bonus . ii) Payment of any bonus compensation shall be at the sole discretion of the Board of Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 3 of 19 

Directors of the Company or the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Executive shall have no entitlement to any amount absent a decision by the Company as aforesaid to make such bonus compensation . iii) Such bonuses, if any shall be added as a written addendum to this Agreement . e) Nondeductible Compensation . In the event a deduction shall be disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service or a court of competent jurisdiction for federal income tax purposes for all or any part of the payment made to Executive by the Company or any other shareholder or Executive of the Company, and the Company shall be required by the Internal Revenue Service to pay a deficiency on account of such disallowance, then Executive shall repay to the Company or such other individual required to make such payment, an amount equal to the tax imposed on the disallowed portion of such payment, plus any and all interest and penalties paid with respect thereto . The Company or other party required to make payment shall not be required to defend any proposed disallowance or other action by the Internal Revenue Service or any other state, federal, or local taxing authorities . f) Withholding . All sums payable to Executive under this Agreement will be reduced by all federal, state, local, and other withholdings and similar taxes and payments required by applicable law . 8) OTHER EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS a) Business Expenses . Upon submission of itemized expense statements in the manner specified by the Company, Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses duly incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties under this Agreement . b) Benefit Plans . Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s medical and dental plans, life and disability insurance plans and retirement plans pursuant to their terms and conditions . Executive shall be entitled to participate in any other benefit plan offered by the Company to its Executives during the term of this Agreement (other than stock option or stock incentive plans, which are governed by Section 8 (c) below) . Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any affiliate of the Company from terminating or amending any Executive benefit plan or program from time to time . c) Stock Options . Executive may be entitled to options to acquire shares of the Common Stock of the Company . If stock options are granted to the employee, such options will be governed in their entirety by the Motos America 2022 Stock Option Plan adopted by the Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 4 of 19 

shareholders of the Company, and the specific terms and conditions of a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Agreement , and a Motos America Inc . Stock Option Grant Notice (the forms of which are attached hereto as Exhibits A, B, and C respectively) entered into by and between the Executive and the Company . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer any rights, or privileges to acquire any stock options or other equity participation in the Company to the Executive, nor shall this Agreement create any burden or obligation on the Company to provide the same to the Executive . 9) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES . The Company shall have the authority to establish from time to time the policies and procedures to be followed by the Executive in performing services for the Company . Executive shall abide by the provisions of any contract entered into by the Company under which the Executive provides services . Executive shall comply with the terms and conditions of any and all contracts entered by the Company . 10) TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. a) With Cause . Upon termination of Executive s employment with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Executive, except to pay all accrued but unpaid base salary and accrued PTO to the date of termination thereof . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for cause for any one of the following reasons : iii) i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment is imposed, ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any employment or Company records, improper disclosure of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, iv) any action by the Executive which has a detrimental effect on the Company s reputation or business, v) Executive s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, vi) any breach of this Agreement, which breach is not cured within 7 days following written notice of such breach, vii) a course of conduct amounting to gross incompetence, viii) chronic and unexcused absenteeism, Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 5 of 19 

ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or x) misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Executive s duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which the Company is subject . b) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder at any time without cause, provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued PTO, less deductions required by law, but if, and only if, Executive executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that the Executive may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and Executive executes such form within 7 days of tender . c) Resignation . Upon termination of employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company if they are a director . d) Cooperation . After notice of termination, Executive shall cooperate with the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company, to effect a transition of Executive s responsibilities and to ensure that the Company is aware of all matters being handled by Executive . e) Compensation After Notice of Termination . After notice of termination has been given by either Company or Executive, as provided in this Article, Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation provided for in this Agreement until the notice period has expired . It is understood that after the written notice is given by either Company or Executive . Executive shall continue to devote substantially all of the Executive's time to the Executive's normal services for the Company during the notice period, with sufficient time allowed, in the sole discretion of the Company, for Executive to seek new employment . 11 DISABILITY OF EXECUTIVE . The Company may terminate this Agreement without liability if Executive shall be permanently prevented from properly performing his essential duties hereunder with reasonable accommodation by reason of illness or other physical or mental incapacity for a period of more than 45 consecutive days . Upon such termination, Executive shall be entitled to all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and PTO . Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 6 of 19 

i) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, whenever used in this Article 13 : (a) " Total disability " shall mean that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, whether it be due to sickness, accident, age or other infirmity, to engage in any aspect of the Executive's normal duties as set forth in this Agreement . (b) " Partial disability " shall mean that the Executive is able to perform, to some extent, on behalf of the Company, the particular services in which the Company specializes, and which the Executive previously performed for the Company, but that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, to devote the same amount of time to such services as was devoted prior to the occurrence of such sickness or accident . (c) " Normal monthly salary " shall mean the salary which the Executive is being paid by the Company per month as of the commencement date of the period of disability, as specified hereinabove or as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the terms hereof . (d) Total Disability . During a single period of total disability of the Executive, the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company, the Executive's normal monthly salary for the shorter of first three 3 months of disability or until any disability insurance policy available through the Executive s employment begins to pay benefits . If the single period of disability should continue beyond three 3 months, the Executive shall receive only such amount as the Executive shall be entitled to receive under disability insurance coverage on the Executive, if any . (e) Partial Disability . During a period of partial disability of the Executive, the Executive shall receive an amount of compensation computed as follows : 1. That portion of the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation which bears the same ratio to the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation as the amount of time which the Executive is able to devote to the usual performance of services on behalf of the Company during such period bears to the total time the Executive devoted to performing such services prior to the commencement date of the single period of disability, and 2. Such amount shall be calculated by multiplying the Executive s basic compensation by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 7 of 19 

percentage of normal services that the Executive is able to perform and the denominator which shall be the total services that the Executive is able to perform absent the partial disability . iii) ii) Combination of Total and Partial Disability . If a single period of disability of the Executive consists of a combination of total disability and partial disability, the maximum total disability compensation to which the Executive shall be entitled from the Company under this disability provision shall not exceed an amount equal to one 1 times the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation . Broken Periods of Disability . A period of disability may be continuous or broken . If broken into partial periods of disability which are separated by intervening periods of work, there shall be aggregated together all of such successive partial periods of disability except any period prior to the time when any single period of work extends for 2 months or longer ; and such aggregated periods of disability shall be treated as a single period in determining the amount of disability compensation to which an Executive shall be entitled under any provision of this Section . iv) Termination Due to Disability . If and when the period of total or partial disability of the Executive totals 2 months, the Executive's employment with the Company shall automatically terminate . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the disabled Executive and the Company agree, the disabled Executive may thereafter be employed by the Company upon such terms as may be mutually agreeable . v) Commencement Date of Disability . The commencement date of a period of disability, whether it be a continuous period or the aggregate of successive partial periods, shall be the first day on which the Executive is disabled . vi) Dispute Regarding Existence of Disability . Any dispute regarding the existence, extent or continuance of the disability shall be resolved by the determination of a majority of three 3 competent physicians, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Company, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Executive and the third 3 rd) of whom shall be selected by the other two 2 physicians so selected . 12 DEATH OF EXECUTIVE . In the event the Executive shall die during the term hereof, the Company shall pay to the Executive's surviving spouse, or if the Executive shall leave no surviving spouse, then to the Executive's estate, only such amounts as may have been earned by the Executive prior to the Executive's date of death, but which were unpaid at date of death . Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 8 of 19 

13) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENTS. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that all records with respect to clients, business associates, customer or referral lists, contracting parties and referral sources of the Company, and all personal, financial and business and proprietary information of the Company, its Executives, officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the Executive during the term of this Agreement and not generally known in the public (the "Confidential Information") are valuable, special and unique and proprietary assets of the Company's business . The Executive hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose any Confidential Information, in full or in part, in written or other form, to any person, firm, Company, association or other entity, or utilize the same for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Company . "Confidential Information" shall also include any information (including, but not limited to, technical or non - technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual or potential customers) that : (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use ; and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy . In the case of Company's business, Company's Trade Secrets include (without limitation) information regarding names and addresses of any customers, sales personnel, account invoices, training and educational manuals, administrative manuals, prospective customer leads, in whatever form, whether or not computer or electronically accessible "on - line . " 14) EXCLUSIVE EMPLOYMENT . During employment with the Company, Executive will not do anything to compete with the Company s present or contemplated business, nor will he or she plan or organize any competitive business activity . Executive will not enter into any agreement which conflicts with his duties or obligations to the Company . Executive will not during his employment or within 2 year after it ends, without the Company s express written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any Executive, agent, independent contractor, supplier, customer, consultant or any other person or company to terminate or Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 9 of 19 

alter a relationship with the Company. 15) HIRING. The Executive agrees that during the Executive's employment with the Company and for a period of 2 years following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not attempt to hire any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company to leave the Company's employ. 16) ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER . Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation thereof shall be void . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser of substantially all of Company s assets, any corporate successor to Company or any assignee thereof . 17) NO INCONSISTENT OBLIGATIONS . Executive is aware of no obligations, legal or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or with his undertaking employment with the Company . Executive will not disclose to the Company, or use, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary information or trade secrets of others . Executive represents and warrants that he or she has returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers . 18) ATTORNEYS FEES . The parties hereto agree that, in the event of breach or threatened breach of any covenants of Executive, the damage or imminent damage to the value and the goodwill of the Company s business shall be inestimable, and that therefore any remedy at law or in damages shall be inadequate . Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief against Executive in the event of any breach or threatened breach of any of such provisions by Executive, in addition to any other relief (including damages) available to the Company under this Agreement or under law . The prevailing party in any action instituted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses incurred in such action . In the event that either party is required to engage the services of legal counsel to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement against the other party, regardless of whether such action results in litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 10 of 19 

attorneys' fees, costs of legal assistants, and other costs from the other party, which shall include any fees or costs incurred at trial or in any appellate proceeding, and expenses and other costs, including any accounting expenses incurred . 19) GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to conflict of law principles . 20) AMENDMENT . This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company . 21) SEVERABILITY . If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect . 22) CONSTRUCTION . The headings and captions of this Agreement are provided for convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or interpreting this Agreement . The language in all parts of this Agreement shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against the Company or Executive . 23) RIGHTS CUMULATIVE . The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its successor), whether pursuant to this Agreement, to any other agreement, or to law, shall not preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies . 24) NONWAIVER . No failure or neglect of either party hereto in any instance to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall constitute a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or of the same right, power or privilege in any other instance . All waivers by either party hereto must be contained in a written instrument signed by the party to be charged and, in the case of the Company, by an officer of the Company (other than Executive) or other person duly authorized by the Company . 25) NOTICES . Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein, shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case of the Executive to the Executive's residence address set Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 11 of 19 

forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be designated by the Executive. 26) ASSISTANCE IN LITIGATION . Executive shall, during and after termination of employment, upon reasonable notice, furnish such information and proper assistance to the Company as may reasonably be required by the Company in connection with any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is, or may become a party ; provided, however, that such assistance following termination shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and for mutually agreeable compensation . 27) ARBITRATION . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be settled by arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah . Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, but the arbitration shall be in front of an arbitrator, with the following exceptions if in conflict : (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual consent of the Company and the Executive ; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator(s) ; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings has been given to such party . The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings . Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection . All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity ; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the Company from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief or relief under the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement . The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages, consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages to either party . The parties shall keep confidential the existence of the claim, controversy or disputes from third parties (other than the arbitrator), and the determination thereof, unless otherwise required by law or necessary for the business of the Company . The arbitrator(s) shall be required to follow applicable law . IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 12 of 19 

THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO . 28) SOLICITATION . The Executive further agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not, in any manner or at any time, solicit or encourage any person, firm, Company or other business entity who are clients, business associates or referral sources of the Company to cease doing business with the Company or to do business with the Executive . 29) COVENANTS INDEPENDENT . Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Executive set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which the Company and the Executive may have, fully performed and not executory, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive against the Company whether predicated upon another covenant or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any other covenant . 30) INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF . Executive and Company recognize and expressly agree that the extent of damages to Company in the event of a breach by Executive of any restrictive covenant set forth herein would be impossible to ascertain, that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably presumed, and that the remedy at law for any breach will be inadequate to compensate the Company . Consequently, the Executive agrees that in the event of a breach of any such covenant, in addition to any other relief to which Company may be entitled, Company shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive or other equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction . 31) INDEMNIFICATION . The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its officers, directors, shareholders and Executives harmless from and against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or all costs of prosecution or defense of their rights Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 13 of 19 

hereunder, whether in judicial proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether out of court, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys' fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising from or growing out of the Executive's breach or threatened breach of any covenant contained herein . 32) ACKNOWLEDGMENT . The Executive acknowledges that when this Agreement is concluded, the Executive will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing restrictions and that the Executive's recognition and representation of this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement and to Executive's continued relationship with the Company . 33) SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS . All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement . 34) LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY . Without the express written consent from the Board of Directors of the Company, the Executive shall have no apparent or implied authority to : a) Pledge the credit of the Company or any of its other Executives ; b) Bind the Company under any contract, agreement, note, mortgage or otherwise release or discharge any debt due the Company unless the Company has received the full amount thereof ; or sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Company . 35) REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY OF EXECUTIVE . The Executive acknowledges and understands that the Company has extended employment opportunities to Executive based upon Executive's representation and warranty that Executive is in good health and able to perform the work contemplated by this Agreement for the term hereof . 36) INVALID PROVISION ; SEVERABILITY . The invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted . 37) MODIFICATION . No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto . 38) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and supersedes all Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 14 of 19 

prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof . This Agreement may be changed only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, amendment, modification, or discharge is sought . 39) DISPUTES . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be arbitrated in accord with Section 27 herein above . If for any reason, before or after arbitration, any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement is litigated, it shall litigated solely in state or federal court in Salt Lake City, Utah . Each party hereby : a) submits to the jurisdiction of such court, b) waives the defense of an inconvenient forum, c) agrees that valid consent to service may be made by mailing or delivery of such service to the Secretary of State (the Agent or to the party at the party s last known address, if personal service delivery cannot be easily effected, and d) authorizes and directs the Agent to accept such service in the event that personal service delivery cannot easily be effected. 39) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . Each party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury as to any issue relating hereto in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other matter involving the parties hereto . IN WITNESS HEREOF, each party to this Agreement has caused it to be executed at Salt Lake City, Utah on the date indicated below. Motos America Inc. _ DATE: January 1, 2022 By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Participant DATE: January 1, 20 _ 22 Terina Liddiard Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement Page 15 of 19 

Addendum 1 MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF TERINA LIDDIARD Dated Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement 

EXHIBIT A MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT MOTOS AMERICA 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 2022 STOCK OPTION PLAN This Stock Option Plan Option Plan is adopted by Motos America Inc . (the Company on the February 16 , 2022 , to be effective until all options granted hereunder are exercised, or until amended or rescinded by action of the Board of Directors of the Company . 1) ALLOCATION OF SHARES TO THE PLAN . Motos America Inc . does hereby allocate One Million Five Hundred Thousand 1 , 500 , 000 shares of its 0 . 001 par value common voting shares under this Option Plan, to be allocated among key employees, directors and key associates of the Company at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and as approved by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company Board . 2) ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS . Eligible Participants shall be determined from time to time by the Board from among the key employees of the Company, members of the Board of Directors of the Company, and key service suppliers to the Company . Such eligible participant shall be entitled to participate in this incentive stock option plan as part of their employment, retainer, or service agreements, when granted such options by the action of the Board by conveying to the Participant a Stock Option Grant Notice, substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Addendum 1 , and by entering into a Stock Option Agreement with the Company the form of which is attached hereto as Addendum 2 . 3) RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS . Each Stock Option Agreement entered into shall define the number of shares available to the Participant, the term of the Options, the vesting period and conditions of such vesting, the means and method of the exercise of such Options, the exercise price of such Options, as well as the means and methods of payment for the exercise of such Options . Each Stock Option Agreement shall further define the rights of the Participant to transfer their Options, and under what circumstances the Company may withdraw the Options granted to the Participant . 4) GOVERNING LAW . This Option Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada, and further subject to the regulations and rules of the Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 

United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, NASDAQ, and any other Self - Regulatory Organization to which the Company reports, or may report during the pendency of this Option Plan . Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 

Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement EXHIBIT B MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT This Stock Option Agreement Option Agreement is made and entered into as of the March 1, 2022 Date of Grant ). BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Terina Liddiard (the Executive ), located at: 7254 South Redwood Road West Jordan, UT 84084 Email: terina@motosamerica.com Phone: 801 - 949 - 3291 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice ("Grant Notice") and this Option Agreement, Motos America Inc . , a Nevada corporation (the "Company") has granted you an option under the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan of the Company attached hereto as Exhibit A to this Agreement and made part hereof (the "Option Plan") to purchase the number of shares of the Company's Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice . The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the "Date of Grant") . If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control . Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan and said definitions and documents are subject to periodic changes . In the following clauses, these terms shall have defined meanings as follows : a) Participant means an individual who is a manager, employee or a contractor of the Company, who is selected at the discretion of the President or Chief Executive Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 1 of 15 

Officer, and acknowledged by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board to be granted stock options ; b) Option means the stock option that entitles the Participant to acquire shares of the Company during the Exercise Period against payment of the Exercise Price provided for in Section 3 ; c) Option Shares means the total amount of 0 . 001 par value common voting shares of the Company which are made available for purchase by the Participant by means of the present Stock Option Agreement ; d) Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into this Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option ; e) Vesting means the process by which the Participant acquires the Option Shares granted to him/her through this Stock Option Agreement . Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service ; f) Vesting Period is the period of time before shares are unconditionally owned by an employee . If that person's employment terminates before the end of the vesting period, the company can buy back the shares at the original price ; g) Vesting Schedule means a table indicating the number of Option Shares that will vest throughout the Vesting Period, which the Participant may purchase after the Vesting Period or upon the occurrence of any of the triggering events under section 15 , 16 and 17 ; h) Vested Option Shares means a portion of the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire throughout the Vesting Period and the total amount of Option Shares which the Participant has earned the right to acquire after the Vesting Period has ended ; i) Anniversary Date(s) means the date that is 365 days, or multiples thereof from the Date of Grant of the Option and as of which the Option may be exercised ; j) Exercise means the purchase of all Option Shares by the Participant after the Vesting Period has ended, or the purchase of a fraction of vested Option Shares by the Participant upon the occurrence of certain triggering events ; k) Exercise Price means the price, determined at the Date of Grant, at which an Option Share can be purchased by the Participant ; l) Exercise Period means the period of time during which the Participant may purchase the Option Shares . Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 2 of 15 

1. OPTION GRANT On the date of entry into force of this Agreement, (the "Grant Date"), the Company grants the participant an option (the "Option") to purchase the aggregate number of 25 , 000 common voting shares of the Company as described above (the "Option Shares") against payment of the exercise price per share of ISO Price indicated above (the "Exercise Price") during the exercise period beginning on March 1 , 2023 and ending on March 1 , 2030 , subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 2. EXERCISE PRICE The exercise price is 2 . 00 per share, which represents the fair market value per share of the Company on the grant date, determined by the Company considering the prevailing market price for the Shares, and/or other transactions in the Option Shares directly with the Company, not involving market transactions . Also, the number of common shares subject to your option and your exercise price per share may be adjusted from time to time for capital adjustments such as splits, reverses and the like . 3. METHOD OF PAYMENT Payment of the exercise price is due in full upon exercise of all or any part of your option . You may elect to make payment of the exercise price of your option in cash or by check or in any other manner permitted above, which may include one or more of the following : a) Bank draft or money order payable to the Company . b) Other methods which may be defined in the future and become available to you . 4. WHOLE SHARES You may exercise your option only for whole Common Shares . 5. VESTING RIGHTS Subject to the provisions hereof, your Option will vest as set out in your Grant Notice . The vesting will cease upon termination of your continuous service . 6. EXERCISE . You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by delivering a notice in a form substantially similar to the Notice of Exercise (appended hereto as Addendum 1 together Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 3 of 15 

with payment of the exercise price to the Company's Option Plan administrator, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company's Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require . b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise . c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant or within one 1 year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option . 7. EXERCISE PRIOR TO VESTING ("EARLY EXERCISE") If permitted in your Grant Notice (i . e . , the "Exercise Schedule" indicates "Early Exercise Permitted") and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option ; provided, however, that : a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock; b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement; Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 4 of 15 

c) you will enter into the Company's form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred . 8. TERM Unless otherwise specified, you may not exercise your option before such options are vested as defined in the Vesting Schedule of your Grant of Options, or after the expiration of the option's term . The term of your option expires upon the earliest of the following : a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause ; b) three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8 (d) below) ; provided, however, that if during any part of such three 3 month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section below relating to "Securities Law Compliance," your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service ; provided further, if during any part of such three 3 month period, the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would violate the Company's insider trading policy, then your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would not be in violation of the Company's insider trading policy . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) you are a Non - Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six 6 months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven 7 months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three 3 months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date ; c) twelve 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 16 below ; d) eighteen 18 months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three 3 months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause ; e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice ; or Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 5 of 15 

f) the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three 3 months before the date of your option's exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability . The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three 3 months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates . 9. SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act . The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas . Reg . 1 . 401 (k) - 1 (d)( 3 ), if applicable) . 10. RESTRICTION OF EXERCISE FOR EMPLOYEES NOT EXEMPTED If you are an employee eligible for overtime pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 , as amended (i . e . , an "non - exempt employee"), and unless otherwise provided in the plan, you may not exercise your election until you have completed at least six 6 months of continuous service from the date of the grant, even if you have been an employee for more than six 6 months . In accordance with the provisions of the Workers' Economic Opportunities Act, you may exercise your option in respect of any portion vested before this six 6 month anniversary in the event of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a business transaction for which your option is not deemed, maintained or replaced, (iii) a change of control or (iv) your termination of continuous service when you "retire" (as defined in the Corporation's benefit plans) . Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 6 of 15 

11. TRANSFERABILITY a) Restrictions on Transfer. Your option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you; provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, permit you to transfer your option in a manner consistent with applicable tax and securities laws upon your request. b) Domestic Relations Orders . Notwithstanding the foregoing, your option may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order . You may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1 . 421 - 1 (b)( 2 that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer . You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement . If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Non - statutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer . c) Beneficiary Designation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise your option . In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise . d) Certain Trusts . You may also transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner while the option is held in the trust . You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company . 12. OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment . In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate . Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 7 of 15 

13. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a "cashless exercise" pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option . b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, in its sole discretion, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested Common Shares otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole Common Shares having a Market Price, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid variable award accounting) . Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility . 14. TAX CONSEQUENCES You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Option Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities . You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation . In particular, you acknowledge that this Option is exempt from Section 409 A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the "fair market value" per share of the Option Shares on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Option . 15. BAD LEAVER In the event that the Participant's employment relationship with the Company ends because he has become a Bad Leaver (i . e . dismissal for an urgent reason) a material breach of the Participant's Employment Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement, or similar reasons determined by the Company's written employment policies : Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 8 of 15 

a) The acquisition of the shares covered by options ceases immediately ; b) If the participant becomes a bad leaver during the vesting period, the vested shares of an option and unvested shares of an option become void and the participant no longer has any rights with respect to such vested or unvested shares ; c) If the Participant becomes a bad leaver after the exercise of the Option Shares, the Participant must offer and, if such offer is accepted by the Corporation, transfer all of the Option Shares held by the Participant to the Company, which is not required to accept the above offer . If the participant who is a bad leaver refuses to make the transfer, the Company has the right to cancel all of the participant's outstanding option shares and to pay the participant the par value of the option shares so cancelled . 16. PARTICIPANT'S DISABILITY In the event of termination of the Participant's employment contract due to a disability on the Participant's side ("Disability Termination"), the Participant may, but only within 12 months following the date of termination of employment (but in no event later than the expiry date of the term of this Option), exercise this Option to the extent that the Participant had the right to exercise it on such termination date . To the extent that the Particiant was not entitled to exercise this option on the date of termination of disability, or if he does not exercise it within the time limits provided herein, this option shall terminate . 17. DEATH OF THE PARTICIPANT In the event of the death of the Participant occurring during the term of this Option and while the Participant is an employee of the Corporation, provided that the Participant has had continuous employee status since the date of grant of this Option, this Option may be exercised at any time within 12 months following the date of death by a person entitled to exercise this Option by legacy or inheritance, but only to the extent of the exercise right that had accrued at the time of the death of the Participant . To the extent that the Participant did not have the right to exercise the Option on the date of death, or if a person authorized by the Participant does not exercise such Option before March 1 , 2030 as specified herein, such Option shall terminate . 18. NOTICES Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon your receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 9 of 15 

five 5 days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company . 19. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Option Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit A , the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Option Plan . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Option Plan, the provisions of the Option Plan shall control . The Board (or appropriate committee thereof) will have the power to interpret the Option Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Option Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules . All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Board will be final and binding upon you, the Company and all other interested persons . No member of the Board will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Option Plan or this Agreement . 20. EFFECT ON OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS The value of this option will not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides . The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's employee benefit plans . 21. SEVERABILITY If all or any part of this Option Agreement or the Option Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid . Any Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid . Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 10 of 15 

22. MISCELLANEOUS a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your option shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company's successors and assigns ; b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option ; c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option and fully understand all provisions of your option ; d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required ; e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company . 23. GOVERNING LAW This Stock Option Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the State of Utah, which state shall have jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or by reason of this Agreement . Motos America Inc. Jun 16 2022 13:28 MST DATE: _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer January 1, 2022 Participant DATE: _ Terina Liddiard Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Jun 15 2022 15:10 MST Terina Liddiard Stock Option Agreement Page 11 of 15 

ADDENDUM 1 TO THE MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT NOTICE OF EXERCISE Motos America Inc. 510 So. 200 West #110 Salt Lake City, U 84101 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator Date of Exercise: This constitutes notice to Motos America Inc. under my Option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company for the price set forth below. Non - statutory Incentive Type of option (check one): Stock option dated: Number of Shares as to which option is exercised: Certificates to be issued in name of: Total exercise price: Cash payment delivered herewith: Value of Shares delivered herewith: Value of Shares pursuant to net exercise: Regulation T Program (cashless exercise): By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Motos America Inc . 2022 Option Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement 

exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an Incentive Stock Option, to notify you in writing within fifteen 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two 2 years after the Date of Grant of this option or within one 1 year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option . I further agree that, if required by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of the offering of any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty 180 days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rule or regulation) (the "Lock - Up Period") . I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto . In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such period . Motos America Inc. Stock Option Agreement Participant: Terina Liddiard DATE: Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 

Terina Liddiard Employment Agreement EXHIBIT C MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE This Stock Option Grant Notice (" Grant Notice ") is made and effective on Date of Grant means the date on which the Participant and the Company enter into an Stock Option Agreement and on which the Participant receives the Option options described hereinafter ; BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at : 510 So. 200 West Suite 110 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Terina Liddiard (the Executive ), located at: 7254 South Redwood Road West Jordan, UT 84084 Email: terina@motosamerica.com Phone: 801 - 949 - 3291 Notice is hereby given of the following Option to purchase shares of the 0.001 par value common voting shares of the Company Option Shares has been awarded to Participant: Participant: Date of Grant: Vesting Period: Exercise Price: Number of Option Shares: Expiration Date: Vesting Schedule: Exercise Schedule: Terina Liddiard March1, 2022 3 years Determined at Vesting 25,000 March 1, 2030 1/3rd per year based on KPI attainment March 1, 2023 March 1, 2030 No Early Exercise Permitted: Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 1 of 2 

This Grant Notice is qualified in its entirety by the Motos America Inc . 2022 Stock Option Plan , and a Stock Option Agreement that must be entered into by and between the Company and the Participant before this Grant Notice is of any effect . NO EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE CONTRACT Nothing in this Grant Notice or in the Stock Option Agreement shall confer upon Participant any right to continue their employment, or offering their services for any period of specific duration, nor shall this Grant Notice interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any affiliate employing or retaining Participant) or of Participant, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate Participant 's service/employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause . Motos America Inc . _ By Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer Jun 16 2022 13:28 MST Date Participant _ Terrina Liddiard Date Zoho Sign Document ID: HBSKKJEGZAQXHMFVAM5CKWX8N3BFO3NXT4HPQGZM1R0 Jun 15 2022 15:10 MST Notice of Grant of Stock Option Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 motos_ex1007.htm
 VANCE HARRISON EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.7 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement for an Executive (the "Agreement") is made and effective this Feb 1, 2022, BETWEEN: Motos America Inc . Motos or the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at 510 So . 200 West, Suite 110 , Salt Lake City, UT 84101 AND: Vance Harrison (the Executive ), located at: 2346 East 3395 South Salt Lake City, UT 84109 vance@motosamerica.com 801 - 541 - 1977 RECITALS In consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and the moneys to be paid hereunder, the Company hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby agrees to perform services as an Executive of the Company, upon the following terms and conditions : 1) TERM . The Company hereby employs Executive to serve as the Chief Executive Officer and to serve in such additional or different position or positions as the Company may determine in its sole discretion . The term of employment shall be for a period of 5 years Employment Period to commence on 12 / 1 / 2021 , unless earlier terminated as set forth herein . The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first set forth above, and it shall continue in effect until the earlier of : i) The effective date of any subsequent employment agreement between the Company and the Executive ; ii) The effective date of any termination of employment as provided elsewhere herein ; or 4 year(s) from the effective date hereof, provided, that this Employment Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of 3 years each unless Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

either party gives written notice to other that it does not wish to automatically renew this Agreement, which written notice must be received by the other party no less than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term . 2) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES . Executive will be reporting to the Board of Directors . Within the limitations established by the By - laws of the Company, the Executive shall have each and all of the duties and responsibilities of that position and such other or different duties on behalf of the Company, as may be assigned from time to time by, or at the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company . 3) LOCATION . The initial principal location at which Executive shall perform services for the Company shall be : 510 So. 200 W. Salt Lake City, UT 84101 or as directed by the Board of Directors. 4) ACCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT . Executive accepts employment with the Company upon the terms set forth above and agrees to devote all Executive s time, energy and ability to the interests of the Company, and to perform Executive s duties in an efficient, trustworthy and business - like manner . 5) DEVOTION OF TIME TO EMPLOYMENT . The Executive shall devote the Executive's best efforts and substantially all of the Executive's working time to performing the duties on behalf of the Company . The Executive shall provide services during the normal business hours of the Company as determined by the Company . Reasonable amounts of time may be allotted to personal or outside business, charitable and professional activities and shall not constitute a violation of this Agreement provided such activities do not materially interfere with the services required to be rendered hereunder . 6) QUALIFICATIONS . The Executive shall, as a condition of this Agreement, satisfy all of the qualification that are reasonably and in good faith established by the Board of Directors . 7) COMPENSATION. a) Base Salary . Executive shall be paid a base salary Base Salary as follows the Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

annual rate as follows: First 12 months - 180,000 Month 13 - 24 - 360,000 Month 25 - 36 - 360,000 Month 37 - 48 - 360,000 Wages shall be paid in bi - weekly installments consistent with Company s payroll practices . The annual Base Salary shall be reviewed on or before December 31 st of each year, unless Executive s employment hereunder shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement . In consideration of the services under this Agreement, Executive shall be paid the aggregate of basic compensation, bonus and benefits as hereinafter set forth . b) Payment . Payment of all compensation to Executive hereunder shall be made in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time, including normal payroll practices . c) Benefits . The Company shall provide Executive with such benefits as are provided to other senior management of the Company . Benefits shall include at a minimum : i) paid time off (PTO) shall accrue as follows : Years 1 and 2 = 5 days Years 3 and 4 = 10 days Years 5+ = 15 days PTO shall be approved with by the Executive s direct report. ii) health insurance coverage under the same terms as offered to other Executives of the Company, iii) retirement programs as offered to other Executives of the Company, iv) such other benefits and perquisites as are approved by the Board of Directors. v) The Company has the right to modify conditions of participation, terminate any benefit, or change insurance plans and other providers of such benefits in its sole discretion . The Executive shall be reimbursed for out of pocket expenses that are pre - approved by the Company, subject to the Company s policies and procedures therefore, and only for such items that are a necessary and integral part of the Executive s job functions . d) Bonus i) From time to time, the Company may pay to Executive a bonus . ii) Payment of any bonus compensation shall be at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company or Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

iii) the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Executive shall have no entitlement to such amount absent a decision by the Company as aforesaid to make such bonus compensation . (a) health insurance coverage under the same terms as offered to other Executives of the Company, (b) retirement programs as offered to other Executives of the Company, iv) paid holidays as per the Company s policies, and (a) such other benefits and perquisites as are approved by the Board of Directors . (b) The Company has the right to modify conditions of participation, terminate any benefit, or change insurance plans and other providers of such benefits in its sole discretion . The Executive shall be reimbursed for out of pocket expenses that are pre - approved by the Company, subject to the Company s policies and procedures therefore, and only for such items that are a necessary and integral part of the Executive s job functions . e) Nondeductible Compensation . In the event a deduction shall be disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service or a court of competent jurisdiction for federal income tax purposes for all or any part of the payment made to Executive by the Company or any other shareholder or Executive of the Company, shall be required by the Internal Revenue Service to pay a deficiency on account of such disallowance, then Executive shall repay to the Company or such other individual required to make such payment, an amount equal to the tax imposed on the disallowed portion of such payment, plus any and all interest and penalties paid with respect thereto . The Company or other party required to make payment shall not be required to defend any proposed disallowance or other action by the Internal Revenue Service or any other state, federal, or local taxing authorities . f) Withholding . All sums payable to Executive under this Agreement will be reduced by all federal, state, local, and other withholdings and similar taxes and payments required by applicable law . 8) OTHER EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS a) Business Expenses . Upon submission of itemized expense statements in the manner specified by the Company, Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses duly incurred by Executive in the Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

performance of his duties under this Agreement. 9 POLICIES AND PROCEDURES . The Company shall have the authority to establish from time to time the policies and procedures to be followed by the Executive in performing services for the Company . Executive shall abide by the provisions of any contract entered into by the Company under which the Executive provides services . Executive shall comply with the terms and conditions of any and all contracts entered by the Company . 12) TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. a) With Cause . Upon termination of Executive s employment with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Executive, except to pay all accrued but unpaid base salary and accrued PTO to the date of termination thereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for cause for any one of the following reasons: i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment is imposed, ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any employment or Company records, iii) improper disclosure of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, iv) any action by the Executive which has a detrimental effect on the Company s reputation or business, v) Executive s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, vi) any breach of this Agreement, which breach is not cured within 7 days following written notice of such breach, vii) a course of conduct amounting to gross incompetence, viii) chronic and unexcused absenteeism, ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or x) misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Executive s duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

the Company is subject . b) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder at any time without cause, provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued PTO, less deductions required by law, but if, and only if, Executive executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that the Executive may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and Executive executes such form within 7 days of tender . c) Resignation . Upon termination of employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company if they are a director . d) Cooperation . After notice of termination, Executive shall cooperate with the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company, to effect a transition of Executive s responsibilities and to ensure that the Company is aware of all matters being handled by Executive . e) Compensation After Notice of Termination . After notice of termination has been given by either Company or Executive, as provided in this Article, Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation provided for in this Agreement until the notice period has expired . It is understood that after the written notice is given by either Company or Executive . Executive shall continue to devote substantially all of the Executive's time to the Executive's normal services for the Company during the notice period, with sufficient time allowed, in the sole discretion of the Company, for Executive to seek new employment . 13 DISABILITY OF EXECUTIVE . The Company may terminate this Agreement without liability if Executive shall be permanently prevented from properly performing his essential duties hereunder with reasonable accommodation by reason of illness or other physical or mental incapacity for a period of more than 45 consecutive days . Upon such termination, Executive shall be entitled to all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and PTO . i) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, whenever used in this Article 13: (a) " Total disability " shall mean that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, whether it be due to sickness, accident, age or other infirmity, to engage in any aspect of the Executive's normal duties as set forth in this Agreement. (b) " Partial disability " shall mean that the Executive is able to perform, to some Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

extent, on behalf of the Company, the particular services in which the Company specializes, and which the Executive previously performed for the Company, but that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, to devote the same amount of time to such services as was devoted prior to the occurrence of such sickness or accident . (c) " Normal monthly salary " shall mean the salary which the Executive is being paid by the Company per month as of the commencement date of the period of disability, as specified hereinabove or as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the terms hereof . (d) Total Disability . During a single period of total disability of the Executive, the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company, the Executive's normal monthly salary for the shorter of first three (3) months of disability or until any disability insurance policy available through the Executive s employment begins to pay benefits. If the single period of disability should continue beyond three (3) months, the Executive shall receive only such amount as the Executive shall be entitled to receive under disability insurance coverage on the Executive, if any. (e) Partial Disability . During a period of partial disability of the Executive, the Executive shall receive an amount of compensation computed as follows: 1. That portion of the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation which bears the same ratio to the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation as the amount of time which the Executive is able to devote to the usual performance of services on behalf of the Company during such period bears to the total time the Executive devoted to performing such services prior to the commencement date of the single period of disability, and 2. Such amount shall be calculated by multiplying the Executive s basic compensation by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the percentage of normal services that the Executive is able to perform and the denominator which shall be the total services that the Executive is able to perform absent the partial disability . ii) Combination of Total and Partial Disability . If a single period of disability of the Executive consists of a combination of total disability and partial disability, the Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

maximum total disability compensation to which the Executive shall be entitled from the Company under this disability provision shall not exceed an amount equal to one 1 times the Executive's normal monthly basic compensation . iii) Broken Periods of Disability . A period of disability may be continuous or broken . If broken into partial periods of disability which are separated by intervening periods of work, there shall be aggregated together all of such successive partial periods of disability except any period prior to the time when any single period of work extends for 2 months or longer ; and such aggregated periods of disability shall be treated as a single period in determining the amount of disability compensation to which an Executive shall be entitled under any provision of this Section . iv) Termination Due to Disability . If and when the period of total or partial disability of the Executive totals 2 months, the Executive's employment with the Company shall automatically terminate . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the disabled Executive and the Company agree, the disabled Executive may thereafter be employed by the Company upon such terms as may be mutually agreeable . v) Commencement Date of Disability . The commencement date of a period of disability, whether it be a continuous period or the aggregate of successive partial periods, shall be the first day on which the Executive is disabled . vi) Dispute Regarding Existence of Disability . Any dispute regarding the existence, extent or continuance of the disability shall be resolved by the determination of a majority of three 3 competent physicians, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Company, one 1 of whom shall be selected by the Executive and the third 3 rd) of whom shall be selected by the other two 2 physicians so selected . 14) DEATH OF EXECUTIVE . In the event the Executive shall die during the term hereof, the Company shall pay to the Executive's surviving spouse, or if the Executive shall leave no surviving spouse, then to the Executive's estate, only such amounts as may have been earned by the Executive prior to the Executive's date of death, but which were unpaid at date of death . 15) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENTS. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that all records with respect to clients, business associates, customer or referral lists, contracting parties and referral sources of the Company, and all personal, financial and business and proprietary information of the Company, its Executives, officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the Executive during the term of this Agreement and Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

not generally known in the public (the "Confidential Information") are valuable, special and unique and proprietary assets of the Company's business . The Executive hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose any Confidential Information, in full or in part, in written or other form, to any person, firm, Company, association or other entity, or utilize the same for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Company . "Confidential Information" shall also include any information (including, but not limited to, technical or non - technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual or potential customers) that : (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use ; and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy . In the case of Company's business, Company's Trade Secrets include (without limitation) information regarding names and addresses of any customers, sales personnel, account invoices, training and educational manuals, administrative manuals, prospective customer leads, in whatever form, whether or not computer or electronically accessible "on - line . " 16) EXCLUSIVE EMPLOYMENT . During employment with the Company, Executive will not do anything to compete with the Company s present or contemplated business, nor will he or she plan or organize any competitive business activity . Executive will not enter into any agreement which conflicts with his duties or obligations to the Company . Executive will not during his employment or within 2 year after it ends, without the Company s express written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any Executive, agent, independent contractor, supplier, customer, consultant or any other person or company to terminate or alter a relationship with the Company . 17) HIRING. The Executive agrees that during the Executive's employment with the Company and for a period of 2 years following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

not attempt to hire any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company to leave the Company's employ. 18) ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER . Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation thereof shall be void . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser of substantially all of Company s assets, any corporate successor to Company or any assignee thereof . 19) NO INCONSISTENT OBLIGATIONS . Executive is aware of no obligations, legal or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or with his undertaking employment with the Company . Executive will not disclose to the Company, or use, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary information or trade secrets of others . Executive represents and warrants that he or she has returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers . 20) ATTORNEYS FEES . The parties hereto agree that, in the event of breach or threatened breach of any covenants of Executive, the damage or imminent damage to the value and the goodwill of the Company s business shall be inestimable, and that therefore any remedy at law or in damages shall be inadequate . Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief against Executive in the event of any breach or threatened breach of any of such provisions by Executive, in addition to any other relief (including damages) available to the Company under this Agreement or under law . The prevailing party in any action instituted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses incurred in such action . In the event that either party is required to engage the services of legal counsel to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement against the other party, regardless of whether such action results in litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees, costs of legal assistants, and other costs from the other party, which shall include any fees or costs incurred at trial or in any appellate proceeding, and expenses and other costs, including any accounting expenses incurred . 21) GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to conflict of law principles . Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

22) AMENDMENT . This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company . 23) SEVERABILITY . If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect . 24) CONSTRUCTION . The headings and captions of this Agreement are provided for convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or interpreting this Agreement . The language in all parts of this Agreement shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against the Company or Executive . 25) RIGHTS CUMULATIVE . The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its successor), whether pursuant to this Agreement, to any other agreement, or to law, shall not preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies . 26) NONWAIVER . No failure or neglect of either party hereto in any instance to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall constitute a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or of the same right, power or privilege in any other instance . All waivers by either party hereto must be contained in a written instrument signed by the party to be charged and, in the case of the Company, by an officer of the Company (other than Executive) or other person duly authorized by the Company . 27) NOTICES . Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein, shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case of the Executive to the Executive's residence address set forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be designated by the Executive . 28) ASSISTANCE IN LITIGATION . Executive shall, during and after termination of employment, upon reasonable notice, furnish such information and proper assistance to the Company as may reasonably be required by the Company in connection with any litigation Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is, or may become a party ; provided, however, that such assistance following termination shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and for mutually agreeable compensation . 29 ARBITRATION . Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be settled by arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah . Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association (but the arbitration shall be in front of an arbitrator, with the following exceptions if in conflict : (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual consent of the Company and the Executive ; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator(s) ; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings has been given to such party . The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings . Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection . All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity ; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the Company from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief or relief under the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement . The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages, consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages to either party . The parties shall keep confidential the existence of the claim, controversy or disputes from third parties (other than the arbitrator), and the determination thereof, unless otherwise required by law or necessary for the business of the Company . The arbitrator(s) shall be required to follow applicable law . IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO . Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

30) SOLICITATION . The Executive further agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Executive will not, in any manner or at any time, solicit or encourage any person, firm, Company or other business entity who are clients, business associates or referral sources of the Company to cease doing business with the Company or to do business with the Executive . 31) COVENANTS INDEPENDENT . Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Executive set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which the Company and the Executive may have, fully performed and not executory, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive against the Company whether predicated upon another covenant or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any other covenant . 32) INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF . Executive and Company recognize and expressly agree that the extent of damages to Company in the event of a breach by Executive of any restrictive covenant set forth herein would be impossible to ascertain, that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably presumed, and that the remedy at law for any breach will be inadequate to compensate the Company . Consequently, the Executive agrees that in the event of a breach of any such covenant, in addition to any other relief to which Company may be entitled, Company shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive or other equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction . 33) INDEMNIFICATION . The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its officers, directors, shareholders and Executives harmless from and against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or all costs of prosecution or defense of their rights hereunder, whether in judicial proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether out of court, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys' fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising from or growing out of the Executive's breach or threatened breach of any covenant contained herein . Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

34) ACKNOWLEDGMENT . The Executive acknowledges that when this Agreement is concluded, the Executive will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing restrictions and that the Executive's recognition and representation of this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement and to Executive's continued relationship with the Company . 35) SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS . All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement . 36) LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY. Without the express written consent from the Board of Directors of the Company, the Executive shall have no apparent or implied authority to: a) Pledge the credit of the Company or any of its other Executives; b) Bind the Company under any contract, agreement, note, mortgage or otherwise release or discharge any debt due the Company unless the Company has received the full amount thereof; or sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Company. 37) REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY OF EXECUTIVE . The Executive acknowledges and understands that the Company has extended employment opportunities to Executive based upon Executive's representation and warranty that Executive is in good health and able to perform the work contemplated by this Agreement for the term hereof . 38) INVALID PROVISION ; SEVERABILITY . The invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted . 39) MODIFICATION . No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto . 40) ENTIRE AGREEMENT . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof . This Agreement may be changed only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, amendment, modification, or discharge is sought . 41) DISPUTES. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

the employment relationship, either during the existence of the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be litigated solely in state or federal court in Salt Lake City, Utah . Each party a) submits to the jurisdiction of such court, b) waives the defense of an inconvenient forum, c) agrees that valid consent to service may be made by mailing or delivery of such service to the Secretary of State (the Agent or to the party at the party s last known address, if personal service delivery cannot be easily effected, and d) authorizes and directs the Agent to accept such service in the event that personal service delivery cannot easily be effected . 42 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . Each party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury as to any issue relating hereto in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this agreement or any other matter involving the parties hereto . IN WITNESS HEREOF, each party to this Agreement has caused it to be executed at [PLACE OF EXECUTION] on the date indicated below. Motos America Inc. By Resolution of the Board of Directors Motos America Executive Employment Agreement /s/ Terina Liddiard Affirmed by Terina Liddiard, Secretary DATE: 12/1/2021 Executive /s/ Vance B. Harrison Vance B. Harrison DATE: 12/1/2021 

Motos America Executive Employment Agreement 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 9
 motos_ex1008.htm
 VANCE HARRISON PUT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.8 

MOTOS AMERICA INC. 

STOCK PUT AGREEMENT 

This Put Agreement is made first day of December,
2021, 

BETWEEN: Motos America Inc. Motos or the Company ), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Nevada, with its head office located at: 

 510 So. 200 West 

 Suite 110 

 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 

AND: Vance Harrison, Harrison located at: 

 2346
East 3395 

 South
Salt Lake City, UT 84109 

 vance@motosamerica.com 

 801-541-1977 

Together, hereinafter referred to as the Parties . 

Recitals 

 In consideration of, and as part thereof, this
Put Agreement (the Put is made part of the Employment Agreement entered into between the Parties on the 1 st Day
of December, 2021. 

1. PUT. Harrison is hereby granted the right to sell or put up to 200,000 0.001 par value common voting shares to the Company Put at the price of 7.50 per share Strike Price ). 

2. TERM. This Put may be exercised in whole or in part by Harrison by presenting shares for transfer, along with written demand
to the Company to purchase such shares at the Strike Price, at any time during the four (4) year period, beginning on December 1 st ,
2023 and ending on December 1, 2027. 

3. NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein, shall be given by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, in case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case of the Executive to the Executive's residence address
set forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be designated by the Executive. 

4. ASSIGNABILITY . This Put may not be sold or transferred by Harrison without express written consent of the Company. 

5. CONSTRUCTION . This Put Agreement, as part of the Employment Agreement to which it is Appended, is subject to the same terms
of that Employment Agreement with regard to amendment, severability, construction, non-waiver, notices, arbitration, litigation, and etc. 

In witness
hereof , each party to this Agreement has caused it to be executed at Salt Lake City on the date indicated below. 

Motos America Inc. 

 By Resolution of the Board of Directors 

DATE: 12/1/2021 
 
 /s/ Terina Liddiard 

Affirmed by Terina Liddiard, Secretary 

Executive 

/s/ V ance B. Harrison 
 DATE: 12/1/2021 
 
 Vance B. Harrison 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 10
 motos_ex1009.htm
 OREGON MEMBERSHIP PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.9 

REVISED MEMBERSHIP INTEREST 

 PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

THIS SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
(Agreement) made and entered into on the date of the signatures of the Parties below, to be effective on the 1 st day of March,
2022, between Vance Barron Harrison Seller and Motos America Inc., a Nevada corporation Purchaser ). 

BACKGROUND: 

A. Seller is the owner of record of 100 of the membership interests of any kind,
class, or privilege Membership Interests of the following limited liability companies: 

CASCADE MOTO EUGENE, LLC, an Oregon
Domestic Limited Liability Company 

 Registration Number 183686899 

 2891 W 11TH AVE 

 EUGENE, OR 97402 

And, 

CASCADE MOTO PORTLAND, LLC an
Oregon Domestic Limited Liability Company 

 Registration Number 183591396 

 12010 SW GARDEN PLACE 

 TIGARD, OR 97223 

B. The Seller operates operate three motorcycle franchise dealerships; a BMW Motorcycle
Dealership in Tigard, Oregon, a second BMW Motorcycle Dealership in Eugene Oregon, and a Triumph Dealership in Beaverton, Oregon. Through
CASCADE MOTO EUGENE, LLC, and CASCADE MOTO PORTLAND, LLC. the Dealerships ). 

C. Seller desires to sell the Membership Interests to Purchaser and Purchaser desires
to purchase the Membership Interests from Seller. 

IN CONSIDERATION OF and
as a condition of the parties entering this Agreement and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which consideration
is acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and Sale 

 Seller agrees
to sell, and Purchaser agrees to buy all of the rights, title, interest, and property of Seller in the Membership Interests for the purchase
price of Four Million, Nine Hundred and Twenty Three Thousand Six Hundred and Thirty Five Dollars and Eighty Three Cents 4,923,635.83)
(the Purchase Price ). 

2. Conveyance of Businesses 

 Upon Closing of the Membership,
the interest, assets and operations of the three Dealerships, including the FF E, Inventory, Tools, Personal Property, Intellectual
Property and the like, located at the Dealerships or used by these 3 Dealerships, shall inure to the benefit and control of the Purchaser.
Current and accurate financial statements are attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A and are made part hereof. 

3. Assignment of Leases and Contracts 

 Inasmuch as the Dealerships operate
from leased facilities, the Seller agrees to assign all rights and privileges under these leases to the benefit of the Purchaser, and
further, to execute any other documents as may be needful or desirable to perfect the interest of the Seller in these leased facilities. 

1 

4. Representations and Warranties of Seller 

 Seller warrants and represents to Purchaser
as follows: 

a. The Financial Statements provided to the Seller, and appended hereto as Exhibit A, fairly and accurately
represent the business operations of the Dealerships. 
 
 b. Except as provided in the founding documents of the Company or as indicated on the face of the certificates
for the Membership Interests, Purchaser is not prevented or restricted in any way from re-selling the Membership Interests in the future. 
 
 c. Seller is the owner in clear title of the Membership Interests and the Membership Interests are free of
any lien, encumbrance, security interests, charges, mortgages, pledges, or adverse claim or other restriction that would prevent the transfer
of clear title to Purchaser. 
 
 d. In-as-much as Oregon Law (ORS Chapter 63.245(2)(a) requires the consent of the members of an LLC for the
transfer of membership interest, Seller hereby represents and warrants to Seller that such consent has been obtained prior to closing
of this transaction. 
 
 e. Seller is not bound by any agreement that would prevent any transactions connected with this Agreement,
including the transfer of the Dealership franchise agreements with BMW North America or Triumph North America. 
 
 f. There is no legal action or suit pending against any party, to the knowledge of Seller that would materially
affect this Agreement. 

5. Representations and Warranties of Purchaser 

 The Purchaser warrants and represents to Seller as follows: 

a. Purchaser acknowledges the inherent possibility of conflict of interest between the Seller and the Purchaser,
in-as-much as the Seller is the majority owner as well as an Officer and Director of the Purchaser. 
 
 b. Purchaser has performed its own due diligence with regard to the businesses and the Membership interests
and hereby forever waives the claim of conflict of interest or coercions against the Seller. 
 
 c. Purchaser is not bound by any agreement that would prevent any transactions connected with this Agreement. 
 
 d. There is no legal action or suit pending against any party, to the knowledge of Purchaser that would materially
affect this Agreement. 

6. Closing and Effective Date 

a. Closing of this Agreement shall take place on or before the 28 th day
of March 2022, however the effective date of this Agreement shall be the 1 st day of March, 2022. The Purchaser shall be responsible
for the operations, profits and/or losses of the dealerships from that day forward. 
 
 b. At closing, the Purchaser shall make credits, assume debt, and make other payments
as follows: 

Portland Assumed Debt 
 Secured Flooring Lines 
 1,766,497.00 
 
 Portland Assumed Debt 
 Unsecured Working Capital Loan 
 276,847.00 
 
 Eugene Assumed Debt 
 Secured Flooring Lines 
 884,328.00 
 
 Eugene Assumed Debt 
 Unsecured Working Capital Loan 
 92,282.00 
 
 Deposits Paid 
 Previously paid 
 1,403,681.83 
 
 Paid to Harrison at Closing 
 
 500,000.00 

4,923,635.83 

2 

7. Expenses 

 All parties agree to pay all their own
costs and expenses in connection with this Agreement. 

8. Governing Law 

 Subject to the
Arbitration provisions of this Agreement, both the Purchaser and the Seller hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of
the State of Utah for the enforcement of this Agreement or any arbitration award or decision arising from this Agreement. This Agreement
will be enforced or construed according to the laws of the State of Utah. 

9. Finder's Fees 

a. No party to this Agreement will pay any type of finder's fee to any other party to this Agreement or to
any other individual in connection to this Agreement. 
 
 b. All parties to this Agreement warrant and represent that no investment banker or broker or other intermediary
has facilitated the transaction contemplated by this Agreement and is entitled to a fee or commission in connection with said transaction.
All parties to this Agreement indemnify and hold harmless all other parties to this Agreement in connection with any claims for brokerage
fees or other commissions that may be made by any party pertaining to this Agreement. 

10. Dividends or Distributions 

a. Any dividends or earnings attributable to the Membership Interests and payable before or after the Closing
of this Agreement will belong to the Seller, and any dividends earned by the Membership Interests and payable after the Closing of this
Agreement will belong to the Purchaser. 
 
 b. Any rights to vote attached to the Membership Interests will belong to the Seller before the Closing and
will belong to the Purchaser after the Closing. 

11. Severability 

 If any term, provision, covenant or
condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid, unenforceable
or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances
shall remain in full force and effect. 

12. Construction 

 The headings and captions of this Agreement
are provided for convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or interpreting this Agreement. The language in all
parts of this Agreement shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against the Seller of the
Purchaser. 

13. Rights Cumulative 

 The rights and remedies provided by
this Agreement are cumulative, and the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its successor), whether pursuant
to this Agreement, to any other agreement, or to law, shall not preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies. 

14. Non-Waiver of Rights. 

 The failure or neglect of either party
hereto in any instance to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall constitute a waiver of any other right,
power or privilege or of the same right, power or privilege in any other instance. All waivers by either party hereto must be contained
in a written instrument signed by the party to be charged. 

3 

15. Notices 

 Any and all notices or other communication
provided for herein, shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the parties at the addresses given below: 

Purchaser: Motos America Inc. 

 510 So. 200 West 

 Suite 110 

 Salt Lake City, UT 84101 

Seller: Vance Harrison 

 2346
East 3395 

 South
Salt Lake City, UT 84109 

 vance@motosamerica.com 

 801-541-1977 

16. Arbitration 

 Any controversy, claim or dispute arising
out of or relating to this Agreement, between the parties hereto, their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall
be settled by arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah. Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial
arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, but the arbitration shall be in front of an arbitrator, with the following
exceptions if in conflict: (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual consent of the Purchaser and the Seller; (b) each party
to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration
incurred or approved by the arbitrator(s); and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings
has been given to such party. The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings. Such decisions and
awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis
of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection. All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner
in lieu of any action at law or equity; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the Company
from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief or relief under the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment
Agreement. The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages, consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages
to either party. The parties shall keep confidential the existence of the claim, controversy or disputes from third parties (other than
the arbitrator), and the determination thereof, unless otherwise required by law or necessary for the business of the Company. The arbitrator(s)
shall be required to follow applicable law. 

IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE
BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL
BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY
OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO. 

4 

17. Miscellaneous 

a. Time is of the essence in this Agreement. 
 
 b. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. Facsimile signatures are binding and are considered to
be original signatures. 
 
 c. All warranties and representations of the Seller and the Purchaser connected with this Agreement will
survive the Closing. 
 
 d. This Agreement will not be assigned either in whole or in part by any party to this Agreement without
the written consent of the other party. 
 
 e. Headings are inserted for the convenience of the parties only and are not to be considered when interpreting
this Agreement. Words in the singular mean and include the plural and vice versa. Words in the masculine gender include the feminine gender
and vice versa. Words in the neuter gender include the masculine gender and the feminine gender and vice versa. 
 
 f. All warranties and representations of Seller and Purchaser connected with this Agreement will survive
the Closing. 
 
 g. If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, it is the parties' intent that such provision be reduced in scope by the court only to the extent
deemed necessary by that court to render the provision reasonable and enforceable and the remainder of the provisions of this Agreement
will in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated as a result. 
 
 h. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties. All negotiations and understandings
have been included in this Agreement. Statements or representations which may have been made by any party to this Agreement in the negotiation
stages of this Agreement may in some way be inconsistent with this final written Agreement. All such statements are declared to be of
no value in this Agreement. Only the written terms of this Agreement will bind the parties. 
 
 i. This Agreement and the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement apply to and are binding upon
Seller and Purchaser and their respective successors, assigns, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, and representatives. 
 
 j. All the rights, remedies and benefits provided by this Agreement will be cumulative and will not be exclusive
of any other such rights, remedies and benefits allowed by law. 

In witness
hereof , each party to this Agreement has caused it to be executed at Salt Lake City on the date indicated below. 

Purchaser: 

 Motos America Inc. 

 By Resolution of the Board of Directors 

/s/ Terina Liddiard 
 DATE: March 15, 2022 
 
 Affirmed by Terina Liddiard, Secretary 

Seller 

/s/ Vance B. Harrison 
 DATE: March 15, 2022 
 
 Vance B. Harrison 

5 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.11>
 11
 motos_ex1011.htm
 OREGON MEMBERSHIP PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.11 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT This Asset Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement " is made as of 10/11/2021 2021, by the following parties: "Seller": "Buyer": BLOODWORTH MOTORSPORTS, INC., a Tennessee corporation d/b/a Bloodworth Motorcycles (the "Seller"); Metos America Nashville Inc. a Tennessee corp. OBA: BMW Motorcycles of Nashville (the "Buyer") RECITALS A. Seller owns a franchised BMW motorcycle, Ducati motorcycle , Vespa scooter, and Piaggio scooter retail motor v ehicle dealership located at 288 - 292 White Bridge Road in Nashville, Tennessee (the "Dealership Facility") as further described in this Agreement (the "Business") . B. Seller desires to sell, transfer, assign and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer desires to purchase from Seller, certain o f the Assets of said dealership (as defined in Section 1.1 below) and assume only agreed upon liabilities for the consideration and on the terms set forth in this Agreement. C. Seller and Buyer desire to have the purchase of the Assets and the lease of the Dealership Facility conditioned on the simultaneous closing of each respectively. AGREEMENT The parties, intending to be legally bound , agree as follows: 1. SALE OF ASSETS 1.1 Sale of Assets. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Seller agrees to sell, transfer , assign, convey and deliver to Buyer and Buyer agrees to purchase from Seller the following described assets (collectively the "Assets") for the following described amounts , the assumption of certain liabilities as provided in Sections 1 . 3 and 1 . 6 , and for the other considerations expressed herein (collectively the "Purchase Price") : (a) New Bikes. Seller's entire inventory of all new , untitled, undamaged, BMW motorcycles , Ducati motorcycles, Vespa scooter and Piaggio scooters (the "Manufacturers") to be purchased at the factory invoice price (which will be net of all discounts, rebates, etc. that Seller has or is entitled to receive so that Buyer is paying the exact same net price . that Seller is paying) to Seller adjusted for any added or deleted equipment or accessories , and reduced by Buyer's anticipated cost of repairing any damages to vehicles in inventory that the Parties reasonably agree are reasonably required prior to sale. Demonstrators shall be included as New Bikes with the price paid for such demonstrators being reduced by the same credits and discounts as with New Bikes. Any credits or discounts allowed by the manufacturer specifically relating to demonstrators which have been received by Seller, but not already credited by the manufacturer to the invoice amount, will be deducted from the purchase price of the demonstrator. 

2 There shall be no credit against the Factory Invoice price for (a) Stop Sale payments; and (b) performance based payments from any Manufacturer. In the event Seller terminates either or both the Vespa or Piaggio dealer agreements at or before Closing or Buyer does not apply to become a Vespa or Piaggio dea l er, Buyer will not be required to purchase the new Vespa or Piaggio vehicles. (b) Used Vehicles . Used Vehicles shall be purchased at Seller's actual cost . The estimated value of Used Vehicles is approximately Fifty Thousand Dollars 50 , 000 . 00 ), but the final value will fluctuate and be established the day of Closing . (c) Parts . All undamaged new BMW, Ducati , Vespa and Piaggio parts and accessories which are in the possession of Seller as of the Closing Date at the actual net price paid by Seller (including all discounts , rebates, etc . that Seller hasor is entitled to receive) . A mutually agreed upon third party shall take an inventory and the cost of said third party inventory will be split evenly between Buyer and Seller . All non - Manufacturer, special - order, non - stock, jobber parts and accessories and any hardware shall be purchased at Seller's net actual out - of - pocket cost . If Buyer does not apply to become a Vespa or Piaggio dealer, then Buyer shall not beobligated to purchase the Vespa or Piaggio parts . (d) Fixed Assets. All fixed assets (excluding leasehold improvements) of Seller which are not listed as Excluded Assets including the following: (i) all special tools and shop equipment owned by Seller reasonably necessary to the servicing of motor vehicles; (ii) any and all signs owned by Seller that are located on the subject property; and (iii) all equipment, furniture and fixtures, including but not limited to computer equipment used in normal dealership operations , except as specifically excluded in this Agreement. (e) Supplies, Etc. All other supplies including without limitation shop materials , bu l k materials, advertising materials, dealership operational records, manuals, and any other inventoried items used in the operations of Seller. Also included are (i) all rights relating to deferred charges , allowances, and other similar items , (ii) all insurance benefits, including only rights and proceeds, arising from or relating to damage, destruction or loss to any of the Fixed Assets prior to Closing, and (iii) all claims, causes of action, rights of recovery and rights of Se ll er relating to the Fixed Assets (but excluding any claims to collect accounts receivable). (f) Work - In - Process . Buyer shall purchase Seller's work - in - process for vehicles located at the Dealership Facility as of the date of Closing on the basis of Seller's actual cost for labor, parts, and sublet repairs (collectively, "Work - in - Process") . The actual cost for labor, parts, and sublet repairs truly incurred by Seller prior to Closing for any vehicles subject to recall and awaiting parts shall be included in the work - in - process regardless of age . (g) Goodwill. All intangible personal property owned by Se ll er and used or useful in the ownership , operation and maintenance of the Business, including without limitation Seller's customers' names, all intellectual property relating to the internet sales function and websites, telephone numbers, and all other intangible assets/goodwill of Seller (collectively, the "Goodwill"). Provided , however, Seller is not selling and Buyer is not acquiring the right to use the name "Bloodworth" . 

3 2. Excluded Property. It is understood and agreed that Buyer shall purchase only those Assets of Seller specifically describ e d herein and that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, excluded from this transaction are the following assets of Seller : (a) Seller 's books and records ; (b) insurance and financing income which is payable to Seller as a result of Seller's activities prior to Closing; (c) any personal property, including tools , owned by employees of the Business, as listed on Schedule 1.2 ; d) Seller's equipment, tools and furniture not used in the business as shown on Schedule 1.2; (e) worker's compensation refunds ; (f) all receivables, cash and marketable securities; and (g) leased assets which Buyer chooses not to assume collectively, the "Excluded Assets"). 3. Purchase Orders, Contracts and Leases. Seller shall assign and Buyer shall . assume the purchaser orders, contracts and leases set forth on Schedule 1.3 selected by Buyer in Buy er's sole discretion (the "Applicable Contracts"). 4. Purchase Price and Allocation. (a) In consideration for Seller's and Buyer's obligations under this Agreement, the transfer of the Assets by Seller to Buyer and the assumption of the Assumed Obligations by Buyer , the aggregate purchase price to be paid to Seller by Buyer shall be an amount equal to the sum of: (i) Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars 700,000.00); plus (ii) the value of the New Bikes described in Section l. l(a); plus (iii) the value of the Used Vehicles described in Section l.l(b); plus (iv) The value of the parts and accessories described in Section 1.1( c); plus (v) The Work in Process in Section 1.1 f) . (a) The Purchase Price and the amount of the Assumed Obligations represent the amount agreed upon by the parties to be the value of the Assets for tax purposes, and the Purchase Price and the amount of the Assumed Obligations will be allocated for tax purposes among these rights and assets in a manner consistent with Section 1060 of the Code, as set forth on Schedule 1.4(b ). For all tax purposes , Buyer and Seller agree to report the purchase and sale of these rights and assets in accordance with the allocation set forth on Schedule l.4{b) (the . "Allocation Schedule") , and to take no position contrary thereto or inconsistent therewith. 2. Payment of the Purchase Price. The Purchase Price shall be paid as follows: (a) Deposit. Within three (3) business days following the execution of this Agreement, Buyer shall d e posit into an IOLTA trust account maintained by Cameron Worley , P.C. as Escrow Agent the amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars 50,000.00) (the "Deposit") in good and immediately available funds , constituting a deposit to be applied , subject to the provisions of this Agreement, toward the payment of the Purchase Price . The Deposit shall be he l d by the Escrow Agent in accordance with the Escrow Agreement in a non - interest bearing account ("Escrow 

4 Account") . If Buyer does not exercise the right to terminate this Agreement before the expiration of the Inspection Period, then the Deposit becomes non - refundable under all circumstances except for a Seller default . (b) Closing Payment . At the Closing, Buyer shall pay the amount equal to the Purchase Price less the Deposit (which is to be credited toward the Purchase Price at the Closing), adjusted for all applicable proration, in good and immediately available funds (the "Closing Payment") directly to Seller . The Closing Payment shall be made by wire or intra - bank transfer in immediately available federal funds to Seller . 6. Assumed Obligations. As of the Closing, Buyer shall assume and agree to discharge only the obligations of Seller relating to the Applicable Contracts and the Work - in Process acquired by Buyer (collectively, the "Assumed Obligations") all of which are set forth on Schedule 1.6 attached hereto . Buyer shall assume Seller's agreement with its OMS provider. Other than as shown on Schedule 1.6, Buyer shall assume no other obligations of Seller whatsoever. Seller and Buyer agree to cooperate in efforts to obtain any required consent of those vendors or parties whose contracts are being assumed by Buyer. Buyer shall fully and faithfully discharge such Assumed Obligations following Closing. The terms and provisions of this Section ti shall survive the execution , delivery and performance of this Agreement . 7. Sales Taxes . Seller shall be responsible for and pay any retail sales Taxes that may be imposed by state or local law, rule or regulation due to the sale of tangible personal property to Buyer and, if necessary, shall set up a sales tax escrow at the Closing . 8. Lease of Dealership Facility . At Closing, Buyer and Seller, or Seller's affiliate, shall enter into a lease of the Dealership Facility in the form as shown on Exhibit A hereto (the "Lease") , for a ten 10 year term on a triple net basis with rent at Ten Thousand Dollars 10 , 000 . 00 per month . At the beginning of Year 3 , Year 6 and Year 9 Rent will be increased by ThreePercent 3 for each subsequent year . The Lease shall be personally guaranteed . The Lease will not include a small portion of the Property where Seller has located a storage container . 2. CLOSING 2.1 Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 7 and 8, the purchase and sale, including the payment of the Purchase Price to Seller and the delivery of the executed conveyance documents by the parties provided for in this . Agreement (the "Closing") , will take place on a date to be scheduled within thirty (30) days of the expiration of the Inspection Period (the "Closing Date"). Closing may be extended for an additional fifteen (15) days if , as of the Closing Date, Buyer has not received the approval Buyer deems appropriate from either BMW or Ducati. For all tax and financial accounting purposes, the purchase and sale to be consummated pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective as of 12:00:01 . a . m . on the Closing Date . In all events, if Closing shall not have occurred on or beforeDecember 15 , 2021 , either party may terminate this Agreement, so long as such party is not in breach of this Agreement ("Outside Closing Date'') . 2.2 Seller's Deliveries, Closing Documents and Requirements. Prior to or at Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer the following documents, in each case duly executed by 

5 Selleror the appropriate Person, and if applicable, acknowledged and in recordable form ("Seller's Closing Documents"): a) A Bill of Sale and General Assignment transferring to Buyer the Assets set forth in Section 1.1 in the form of Exhibit B attached to this Agreement; (b) Manufacturer Certificates of Origin or Certificates of Title, as applicable to any motor vehicle included in the Assets, duly executed by Seller (together with any other forms necessary to transfer title to such vehicles); (c) An Assignment and Assumption Agreement, with all necessary Consents of any Applicable Contracts , in the form of Exhibit C , attached to this Agreement; (d) A certificate of Seller with authorizing resolutions approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, together with certified copies of Seller's articles of incorporation (with all amendments), as applicable, operating agreement or bylaws, and a certificate of existence, each certified not more than thirty 30 days prior to Closing ; (e) Releases executed by any lenders releasing or agreeing t o release all existing security interests; (f) An executed Lease in the form of Ex h ibit A; (g) A mutually agreed upon closing statement; (b) The Post - Closing Settle - Up Agreement substantially m the form as Exhibit D; and (i) Such other good and sufficient instruments and documents of conveyance and transfer, duly executed by Seller and in form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, as shall be necessary and effective to transfer , convey and assign to, and vest in Buyer all of Seller's right , title and interest in and to the Assets. 3. Buyer's Deliveries, Closing Documents and Requirements. Prior to or at Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the following funds and documents, in each case duly executed by Buyer or the appropriate Person, and if applicable, acknowledged and in recordable form ("Buyer's Closing Documents"): (a) The Closing Payment as required by Section l.5(b); (b) The Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the form of Exhibit C; (c) Authorizing resolutions of Buyer (or permitted assignee) approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement ; (d) A mutually agreed upon closing statement; 

6 (e) The Post - Closing Settle - Up Agreement m substantially the form as Exhibit D; (t) An executed Lease in the form of Exhibit A; and (g) Such other good and sufficient instruments and documents of assumption, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Seller and duly executed by Buyer, as shall be necessary and effective to evidence the assumption by Buyer of any other Assumed Obligations, including without limitation the leasehold interests in and to all of the Assets leased by Seller as lessee . 2.4 Proration. All personal property Taxes and assessments on the Assets for the year in which the Closing occurs, and all prepaid deposits and other prepaid amounts related to the Applicable Contracts shall be apportioned between Seller and Buyer as of the Closing Date, it being agreed that Seller shall be responsible for any such obligations and liabilities accrued or allocable to periods prior to the Closing Date (whether or not then paid) and Buyer shall be responsible for any such obligations and liabilities accruing or allocable for the periods on or after the Closing Date. Seller shall be responsible for the payment of all other Taxes owed by Seller due as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER Seller represents and warrants to Buyer as follows, except as otherwise set forth in the attached disclosure schedules, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects both as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date : 1. Organization and Good Standing. (a) Seller is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of Tennessee, and has full corporate power and authority to own , lease and operate its properties and businesses as such properties are now owned, leased and operated, and to conduct its business as and where its business is now conducted . (b) True and complete copies, with all amendments, of the articles of incorporation of Seller have been or will be given to Buyer . 2. Authority . This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Seller , enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms and obligations to which Seller ha . s agreed . Upon the execution and delivery by Seller of Seller's Closing Documents, Seller's Closing Documents will constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against Sellerin accordance with their respective terms . Seller has the right, power , authority, and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and Seller's Closing Documents and to perform its obligations under this Agreement . 3. No Conflict . Subject to the approval rights of BMW and Ducati neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by it nor the consummation or performance of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by it will, d i rectly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time), conflict with or breach any provision of, or give any Person the right to 

7 declarea default or exercise any remedy under , or to accelerate the maturity or performance of, or to cancel, terminate, or modify , any Applicable Contract (except as stated therein). 4. No Consent . Except as specifically set forth on Schedule 3 . 4 , Seller is not require d . to give any notice to or obtain any Consent from any Person in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation or performance of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement . 5. Brokers or Finders. Seller has not utili z ed the services of a broker. Seller agrees to indemnify and hold Buyer harmless of, from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys ' fees and expenses) that Buyer may suffer asa result of any claims made relating to a breach of this Section. The provisions of this Section will survive Closing. 6. Notices with Respect to Legal Requirements. Seller has not received any written notice from any Governmental Body or any other Person regarding any violation of, or failure to comply with, any Legal Requirement that would have or has had a material adverse effect on the Assets or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 7. Legal Proceedings ; Orders . Except as set forth in Schedule 3 . 7 , there is n . o litigation proceedings or governmental investigations (collectively , "Proceedings") involving Seller or the Assets, and (a) there is no pending Proceeding that has been commenced byor against Seller or any of the Assets , and (b) to the knowledge of Seller, no Proceeding has been threatened against Seller or the Assets . 8. Applicable Contracts. Schedule 3.8 attached hereto contains a full, complete and accurate list of each Applicable Contract that involves expenditures or receipts with respect to the Business in excess of Two Thousand Dollars 2 , 000.00) in the aggregate, except for purchase orders for vehicles, service and parts made in the ordinary course of business. Each of the Applicable Contracts is a valjd and binding agreement of Seller and is in full force and effect, and to the knowledge of Seller , any other party thereto is not in default or breach of any of the terms of , nor has provided any notice of any intention to terminate or modify , any such Applicable Contract, and , to the knowledge of Seller, no event or circumstance has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would con s titute any event of default thereunder or would result in a termination or modification thereof. No consent of any third party is required under any Applicable Contract as a result ofor in connection with, and the terms of and enforceability of any . Applicable Contract will not be affected by, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Complete copies of each of the Applicable Contracts have been made available to Buyer. 9. Assets. Seller has good and valid title to all the Assets. There exists no condition , restriction or reservation affecting the title to or utility of the Assets or Assumed Obligations which would prevent Buyer from occupying or utilizing the Assets or enforcing the rights under the Assumed Obligations , or any part thereof, to the same full extent that Seller might continue to do so if the sale and transfer contemplated by this Agreement did not take place. All of the Assets have been maintained in accordance with normal industry practice , subject to ordinary wear and tear , and are adequate for the purposes for which they are intended to be used. The Assets are 

8 sufficient for the continued conduct of the B u siness after the Closing in substantially the same manner as co nduct ed prior to th e Closing and constitute all of t h e rights , property and asse t . s nece ssary to con d uct the Bu siness as cu rrentl y cond u cted . 10. Environmental Mat ters. To the knowledge of Seller t h ere are no petroleum based p r oducts or any hazardous wastes , hazardo u s s ub sta n ces, hazardous materials , toxic s ubstances , hazardous air pollutants or toxic pollutant s, as those terms are used in t he R eso urc e Co ns e rvation and Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Respon se, Compensation and Liability Act, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act , the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Clea n Air Act and t he Clean Water Act, a nd in a n y amendments thereto , or in any r egulations promulgate d pur s u an t ther et o , or in any applicable federa l , s t ate or local law , regu l atio n o r or din ance , except in each instance, for s uch substances used in the ordinary course of Seller 's bu siness and m compliance with applicable federal , s tate or l ocal la w , regu l ation or ordinance. 11. Employees. Seller will provide Bu yer with a list of cert ain i nform atio n for e ach emp l oyee of Seller. Notw ith standing anything herein to the c ontrary , Seller will tenninate the employment of each and every employee at or just prior to Closing . To Sell er's Knowledge it (a) is in com plian ce with all applicable laws r elating to the employment of lab or , including without . limitation those relat ing to wages, hours , overtime, meal p eriods , rest b r eaks an d the payment and with h olding of taxes , and (b) is not a party to or bound by any employment contract, independent contractor agreement, consultation agreement o r oth er similar ty p e of contract or agreement. 12. Benefit Plan s . Seller has or will provi d e Buyer with a complete list (attached hereto as Sc h e dul e 3 . 12 of all emp lo yee benefit plan s, pro g r ams, agreements , policies, commitments o r arrangem en t s maint aine d or contribute d to by Seller that cover emp l oyees of , or employees providing services to Seller, including all retirement , pr ofit s harin g, de ferre d compensation , severance pay , healthca re , dental , disability a nd lif e insurance p lans ("Se ll er Employee P l an ") . Each Se ll e r Emp l oyee Plan has been maintained , operated and administered in all materi a l respects in accordance with its tenns and all ap plica bl e l aws . 13. Labor Relations and E mplo y ment Matters ; Compliance . Seller is not a party to any collective bar ga inin g ag r eement . 14. Financial Statements. The financial stateme nt s provided by Seller to Buy er (a) . have be en prepared in accordance with pa s t pract ice (manufacturing acc o unting) consiste ntly appli e d througho u t the periods of the inte rim financial stateme nts and t h e financial statemen t s, (b) are true an d complete in all material respects, and (c) present fairly, accurately and corre c tly in all mat eria l re spects th e results of o pe ration of Seller for the perio d s covered ther e by and the financial condition of Se ll er as of the dat es th ereof. 15. Tax Ret u rns and Payment s . Seller hasduly fi l e d (or w ill duly fil e w h en due) all tax returns and tax reports req uir e d to be filed by Seller, an d all s u c h returns o r reports are or will b e true , corr ect and comp l ete and prepared in compliance w i t h all a pplicabl e law s. All Taxes, assessments , fees and other gove rnm e ntal charges du e from Seller (w h ether or not shown on any tax return) have been paid or will be paid when due. There ar e no liens r elating to T axes upon the assets of Seller . Seller ha s not received from any taxing auth ority any (a) notic e indica ting an inten t to o pen an audit o r othe r review , (b) req u est fo r information relating to any of the taxes of 

9 Seller, or (c) notice of deficiency or proposed adjustment for any amount of tax proposed, asserted, or assessed against or with respect to Seller. 16. Licenses and Permits . Seller possesses all licenses, approvals, permits or authorizations from any Governmental Body (collectively, the "Permits") required to be obtained for the operation of the Business . To Seller's knowledge, all such Permits are valid and in full force and effect and Seller is in compliance with the requirements thereof, and no Proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened to revoke or amend any of such Pennits . 17. Real Property . Th e Dealership Facility constitutes all of the real property leased, used or occupied by Seller in connection with the Business or upon which any tangible Assets are . located . 18. Compliance with Laws . To Seller' s knowledge, it is and has been in compliance in all material respects with, and has not been given notice of, or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened to be charged with, and is not under investigation with respect to, any violation of any laws applicable to the Business or the Assets . 19. Insurance. Seller has maintained insurance for commercially reasonable coverages and amounts and will continue to do so until the Closing. Schedule 3.19 lists each insurance policy currently maintained by Seller, including the name of each insurer, policy number , coverage limits, premiums and deductibles (the "Ins urance Policies"). To the knowledge . of Seller, each Insurance Policy is in full force and effect and enforceable, and all premiums due and payable with respect to each Insurance Policy have been paid or accrued. Seller is not in default with respect to any material provision contained in any Insurance Policy. 20. Intellectual Property . Except for any Exclu ded Assets, and as otherwise provided . herein , there is no intellectual property not included in the Assets that is used by Seller in the Business . To the knowledge of Seller, Seller has not in fringed and is not infringing and has not contributed to, and is not contributing to, the infringement of any intellectual property owned or used by another person or entity and not validly licensed to Seller relating to the Business . There are no pending or threatened, and, to the knowledge of Seller, there is no basis for any suits, claims or actions against Seller for infringemen t of the intellectual property rights of any third party relating to the Business . Seller does not require any rights under any intellectual property or compu te r software that it do es not either have or have the lawful right to use, in order to conduct the Business as currently conducted . 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER Buyer represents and warrants to Seller as follows, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects bot h as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date : 1. Organization and Good Standing. Buyer is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the state of TN to qualify. , duly qualified in all jurisd ictions in which it does business and is required 

2. Authority. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Buyer, enforceab le against Buyer in accordance with its terms. Upon the execution and delivery by Buyer of Buyer's Closing Documents , Buyer's Closing Documents will constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligations of Buyer, enforceable against Buy er in accordance with their . respective terms. Buyer has the absolute and unrestricted right , power, and authority to exec u te and deliver this Agreement and Buyer's Closing Documents and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and Buyer's Closing Documents, the Escrow Ag re ement and any other agreement contemplated by this Agreement. 3. Brokers or Finders . Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that it has not dealt with any broker, finder or intermediary of any kind in connection with this transaction . Buyer agrees to indemnify and hold Seller harmless of, from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expe ns es (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that Seller may suffer as a result of any claims made relating to a breach of this Section . 4. Manufacturer Relations . Buyer is not aware of any reason or agreement involving any of the Manufacturers that would prevent or unreasonably delay Buyer being approved as a successor d ea l er to Seller at Seller's curre n t locat ion s . 5. F inancial Ability. Buyer warrants it has the financ ial ability to close. 5. COVENANTS OF SELLER PRIOR TO CLOSING DATE 5.1 Operation of th e Business and Assets. Between the date of this Agreement and the Clos ing Date, Seller will: (a) Conduct the Business i n the ordinary course; (b) Use reasonable efforts to preserve intact the current business organizations, keep avai labl e the services of the active employees and agents of Seller w ith res pec t to t he Assets, and use reasonable efforts to maintain the relations an d goodwill with suppliers, customers, . vendors, landlords, creditors , employees, agents, and other Persons having business relationships with Se ll er with respect to the Assets; and (c) Cooperate reasonably with Buyer in obtaining all Consents required by Buyer to operate th e Business in the ordinary course. 2. Efforts . Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Dat e, Seller and Buyer will use their respective commercially reasonab l e efforts to cause t h e conditions in Sections 7 and 8 to be satisfie d . 3. Cooperation Regarding Dealership Agreements. Seller agrees to reasonably cooperate with Buyer in order to effectuate the issuance of a dealer sales and service agreement betw een the applicable Manufacturer an d Buyer. 4. Access to Records. Seller shall give Buyer and its employees, accountants, attorn eys and other authorized agents an d re pr ese n tatives (collectively, "Buyer's . Repr ese ntatives ") access during all reasonable times to all books a n d records of Selle r. Any 

11 review sha ll be conducted in a manner which d oes n ot unreasonably interfere with the operation of Seller . Specifically , r ecor ds to be reviewed by Buyer will be made available either elec troni c ally or at a location awa y from th e Deal ers h i p Fa c ility . Notwithstanding anything containe d herein to the contrary, neither Bu yer nor Buyer's R ep r esentatives shall acces s the Dealership Faci lity , Seller's employees or other personn e l without Seller' s prior written c on sent, which consent shall no t be unreasonably withh el d, and then only in a mann er approved by Seller . 5.5 Document Removal. Seller s h all retain all tax and corporate rec ord s but all har d copies of deal files, repa i r orde r s, service and parts sa l es records s hall remain at the Dealer s h i p Facility in Nashville. Buy er s hall r eceiv e all electro ni c data in whatever form as part of the transactio n s contemplated by this Agreement. Before th e destruction of any such records Bu yer will give Seller fifteen 15 d ays' no tice during w hich time Seller may elect to take posses s i o n of suc h records . After C losing , Buyer shall pro vi d e Seller reasonable access during normal business . h o ur s to all suc h of Seller's records. This provi sio n shall survive the Closing for thr ee (3) years. 6. COVENANTS O F BUYER PRIOR TO CLOSING DATE 1. Approvals of Governmental Bodies . As promptly as practicab l e, Bu yer will make all filings required by the L ega l Requirements to be mad e to consummate the transactions contemplated by thi s Agreement . Between the date of this Agreeme nt and the Closing Dat e, Bu yer will cooperate with Seller with re spect t o all filings that Seller is requ ired by the L egal Requirements to make in connec tion w ith th e transactions cont em plated by this Agreement and rea s onably co operat e with Seller in obtai ning all r eq uired Co ns ents . 2. Good Faith Efforts . Between the date of this Agreement a nd the Clos ing D ate, Buyer will use good faith efforts to cause the condition s in Sections 7 and 8 to be s ati sfie d . 3. Manufacturer Approval. Bu yer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the written co nfirmation of each Manufacturer to the i ss uance of a new Manufacturer . agreement with Bu yer, up on terms and conditions reasonably acce ptab le to Bu ye r . Buy er will make a complete application to each Manufacturer for approval within fourtee n (14) d ay s of the execution of thi s Agreement. 7. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BUYER 'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE Buyer 's obli gat ion to purchase th e Assets and to ta k e the ot h e r act ions requir ed to be taken by Buyer at the Closing is s ubject to the satisfac tion , at or prior to the C l os in g, of e ach of the following co ndit ions (any of whic h may be waived, in Buyer's sole discretion, by Bu yer, in whole or in part) : 1. Accuracy of Repre se ntations . All of Seller's material re pr esentations and warranties i n thi s Agreement (considered collectively), an d each of th ese repr esenta tion s and warra nti es (consi d ere d individually) , mus t ha ve been and remain acc urat e in all material re spects as of the date o f this Agreeme nt, an d must be accurate in all material r espects as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Da te . 2. Seller's Performance . All of the cove n ants and oblig at io n s that Seller i s req uired to perform or to comp ly with pursuant to this Agreement at or prior t o the Closing (co n sidere d 

12 collectively), and each of these covenants and obligations considered individually) , must have been duly performed and complied with in all material respects. 3. Franchise/Dealer Agreements. The written confirmation by BMW and Ducati to the termination of the Deal ership Agreement with Seller (includ ing the waiver of an y right of first refusal to acquire the Dealer ship) and the issuance of a new dealer s hip agreement with Buyer or . the assignment of the Dealer ship Agreement to Buyer upon terms and conditions reasonably approved by Buy er. It is not a con dit ion precedent to the Closing that Buyer be approved by Vespa or Piaggio although the parties will us e their best efforts to accomplish tho se approvals. 4. Simultaneous Closing. Neither Buyer nor Seller shall have anyobligation to c lo se _ the transactions contemplated by this Agreement unless Buyer and Seller close the sale of the BMW and Ducati assets and enter into the Lea se as a simultaneous transaction. 5. Termination of Employees. All employees shall have been terminated by Seller and Buyer s hall have offered employment to such of the employees as Buyer so elects. 6. Inspection and Condition of Assets. Buyer shall have thirty (30) days following the execution of this Agreement (the " Inspection Period ") to inspect and investigate the As se ts, including a physical inspection ther eof to be coordinate d with representatives of Seller. 1f the Assets are not satisfactory to Bu yer for any reason or no reason , Buyer s hall hav e the right to terminate this Agreement by delivering written notice to Seller of such termination before the . expiration of the Inspection Period ("Notice of Termination"), and upon delivery of such Notice ofTennination by Buyer this Agreement s hall terminate and the Deposit will be returned to Buyer. If Buyer fails to deliver to Buyer a Notice of Termination within such Inspection Period, then Buyer shall be deemed for all purposes to have deemed the Asse ts satis factory to Buy er and Buyer shall no longer have any right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.6 . Provided . however, that the Inspection Period may be extende d by mutual agreement for up to an additional sixty (60) days for Manufacturer approval. 7. Governmental Authorization . Buyer shall have obtained all required governmental authorizations and permits necessary to operate the Busine ss as of the Closing ; provided, however, Buyer shall only be entitled to rely on this Section 7 . 7 as a condition to Closing if Buyer has acted to obtain s uch authorizations and permits with the diligence of a reasonably pmdent person und er the same or similar circumstances . 8. No Material Change. Between the date of execution of this Agreement and the Closing Date there shall have been no material change to Seller's Busin ess or the Dealership Facility. 9. Seller's Closing Documents . Seller shall have delivered all of Seller's Closing Documents . 

13 8. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT T O SEL LE R'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE Se ller 's obligation to se ll the Assets and to take the other action s require d to be taken by Seller at the C l osing is subject to the satisfa ction , at or prior to the Closi n g, of each of the following . conditions (an y of which may be waiv ed by Seller, in whole or in part) : 1. Accuracy of Representations. All of Bu yer's repre sentat ions and warranties in this Agreement (considere d collectively), and each of these repres en tations and warranties (con si d ere d i nd ivi dually) , m u st ha ve been ac curate in all mate rial re spects as of the date of t hi s Agreement and must be accurate in all mate ri a l respects as of t he Clo s in g D ate as if ma d e on the Clo sing D ate. 2. Buyer 's Performance. All of th e cove nan ts and obligations that Buyer is required to perform or to comply wit h pursuan t to thi s Agreement at or prio r to the Closing (consid ere d collectively), and each of these covenants an d obligations (cons idered in d ivi du ally), m u st have . been performed and compli ed with in all material respects. 3. Consents. Seller shall ha ve r eceived all necessary Co n sen t s and each must b e in full fo rce and effect as of C l osing, subject to right s to extend Closing to obtain s u c h C ons e nt s . 4. Purchase Price. Buy er shall ha ve pa id the P urc ha se Price by wire t ransfer of same day go od funds at the Closing. 5. Buyer 's Closing Documents. Buyer shall have deliv e red all of Bu yer's Closing Do cwne nts. 9. TERMINATION 1. Termination Events. Subject to th e provision s of this Section 9.1, this Agreem en t may be terminat e d : (a) By Buyer for any or no reason be fore the expiration of the In spection P eriod, pursuant to Section 7.6 h e r einabove . (b) B y Seller upon the occurrence of a breach of this Agreement by Buyer (a " Buyer Breach ") and such Buyer Br each has not bee n tim e l y cured or waive d ; provided that no Sell e r Breach shall have occurre d and be c ontinuin g. Upon the occurrence o f a Buyer B reac h , Sell e r sh all p rovide Buy er with writt en notice thereof, and Buyer s hall have a period of te n (10) d ays after receipt of s uch written notice or such additional time as is reasonably re q uired to cure such Buyer B reach before Seller may te r minate this Agreement. c) By Buyer upon the occurr ence of a breach of thi s Agreement by Se!!er a . " Seller Breach ") and s uch Seller Br each has not been timely c ured or waived; provided that no Buye r Breach shall have occmTed and be continuing. Upon the occurr e n ce of a Se ll er Breach, Bu yer s h all provi d e Seller with written no tice th ereof, and Seller s hall h ave a period of t e n (1 0 day s after receipt of suc h written notice or such a dd itional time as is reasonab ly r e qu ired to cure such Seller Brea c h before Buyer ma y tenninate this Ag reem ent. 

14 (d) By Buyer if any of the conditions in Section 7 have not been satisfied on or before the Outside Closing Date, or if sa tisfaction of such a condition is or becomes impossible other than through the failure of Buyer to comply with its obligations und er this Agreement) and Buyer has not waived such condition on or before the Outside Closing Date; or by Seller, if any of the conditions in Section 8 have not been satisfied on or before the Outside Closing Date, or if satisfaction of such a condition is or becomes impo ssi ble (other than through the failure of Seller to comply with its obligations under this Agreement) and Seller has not waived such condition on or before the Outside Closing Date; provided, that the right to terminate this Agreement under thi s Section 9.Hd) shall not be available if failure of the party seek ing to terminate to perform any material covenant or obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or before the Outside Closing Dat e; (e) By mutual written consent of Buyer and Seller; (f) By Seller if th e Closing ha s not occurred (other than through the failure of Seller to comply fully with its obligations under this Agreement) on or before the Outside Closing Date ; or (g) B y Buyer if the Closing has not occurred (other than through the failur e of Buyer to comply fully with its obligations under this Agreement) on or before the Outside Closing Date . 2. Effect of Termination. If the Closing d oes not occur as a result of Buyer terminating this Agreement before that date set forth in Section 7 .6 ; or in the event of an uncured Seller breach then the full amount of the Deposit s hall be returned to Buyer or Buyer shall have the remedy of specific performance plus the recovery of all its attorne y's fees in connection with this Agreement as its sole and exclusive remedies. If the Closing fails to occur for any reason other than Buyer 's termination of the Agreement before the end of the Inspection Period, or an uncured Seller breach , then the Deposit shall be forfeited to Seller as full payment for any damages . (liquidated damag es) Sell e r may hav e suffered. Buyer and Seller agree that Seller's damages would be impossible to quantify and that this liquidated damag es estimate is a reasonable estimate of damages Seller would incur upon a Buyer Breach and it is not set forth as a penalty in any way. 3. Right to Cure . Within ten 10 days after notice of a breach, the br eaching party . s hall have the right to cure such breach, and upon such a successful cure of said breach, the non breaching party shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement on account of such cured breach . 10. INDEMNIFICATION; REMEDIES 1. Survival ; Knowledge . All repres e ntations , warranties, covenants, and obligations in this Agreement , the disclo sure schedules and any su pplement s thereto, and other certificates or documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement, will survive the Closing for the period specified in Section 10 . 3 . I0.2 Indemnification and Payment of Damages. Subject to the limitations in Sections 10.3 and I 0.4 , Seller and Buyer will indemnify the party to be i ndemnified against (the "lndemnitee"), and will pay to the other in the amount of, any loss , liability, claim, damage , 

15 expense (including costs of investigation and defense and reasonable attorneys' fees), whether or not involving a third - party claim (collectively "Damages"), proximately caused by (a) any breach of any representation or warranty made by the indemnifying party (the "Indemnitor") in this Agreement, (b) any breach by the Indemnitor of any covenant or obligation thereof in this Agreement, (c) any claim by any Person for brokerage or finder's fees or commissions or similar payments based upon any agreement or understanding alleged to have been made by any such - Person with the Indemnitor (or any Person acting on its behalf) in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement , d) any claim arising as a result of any liability of Seller incurred prior to the Closing and not specifically assumed by Buyer , or (e) any claim arising as a result of any liability of Seller assumed by Buyer hereunder (individually, an "Indemnity Claim" and collectively, "Indemnity Claims"). 3. Time Limitations . The obligations to indemnify a party pursuant to this Section 10 shall terminate twelve 12 months after the Closing Date except for the representations and warranties of Seller in Section 3 . 15 (Taxes) , which shall survive until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations . 4. Limitations on Amount . In all events Seller shall have no liability for breaches of representations, warranties, covenants or the obligation to indemnify Buyer in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250 , 000 . 00 (the "Cap") . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Cap shall not apply to any claim based upon , arising out of, with respect to , or by reason of any fraud or intentional misrepresentation by Seller . 5. Liquidated Damages. If a Buyer Breach is or results in the failure of Buyer to consummate the purchase of the Assets pursuant to this Agreement, then Seller shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by giving Buyer and the Escrow Agent written notice thereof and Seller shall be entitled to receive, and the Escrow Agent is hereby authorized and directed to pay . Seller, the Deposit as liquidated Damages and not as a penalty, and the Escrow Agent shall immediately deliver the Deposit to Seller , as more fully set forth above. I 0.6 Procedure for Indemnification - Third Party Claims. (a) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnitee under Section 10.2 of notice of any Proceeding threatened or commenced against it , such Indemnitee will , if a claim is to be made for indemnity under such Section, promptly give written notice to the Indemnitor of such claim. Failure to give prompt written notice to the Indemnitor shall not relieve the Indemnitor of any liability that it may have to any Indernnitee except to the extent prejudiced by the delay. The Indernnitee shall give the Indemnitor written notice in reasonable detail , stating the amount involved, if known, together with copies of any documents relating to such actual or threatened Proceeding. (b) If any Proceeding referred to in Section 10.6(a) is brought against an Indemnitee and it gives prompt written notice to the Indemnitor of such actual or threatened . Proceeding, the Indemnitor will, unless the claim involves Taxes, be entitled to participate in such Proceeding and , to the extent that it wishes , to assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indernnitee). After written notice from the Indemnitor to the Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of such Proceeding, the lndernnitor will not, as 

16 long as it diligently conducts such defense, be liable to the Indemnitee under this Section 10 for any fees of other counsel or any other expenses with respect to the defense of such Proceeding, in each case subsequently incurred by the Indemnitee in c o nnection with the defense of such Proceeding . (c) I f the lndemnitor assumes the defense of a Proceeding: (i) it may do so subject to a reservation of rights that the claims made in that Proceeding are not within the scope of and subject to indem ni fication ; (ii) the Indemnitor shall have the right , at its sole cost, expense and liability regardless of outcome, and through counsel of its choice (which counsel shall be reasona b ly satisfactory to the l ndernn i tee), to litigate, defen d , sett l e, compromise, or otherwise attempt to resolve such Proceeding ; and , (iii) the Indemnitee will haveno liability with respect to a n y compromise or settlement of such claims effected without its consent, w hi c h consent sha ll not be unreasonably withheld , delayed or conditioned . (d) If prompt written notice is given to an Indemnitor of any ac tu al or threatened Proceeding an d the lndemnitor does not give written notice to the ln d emnitee of its electio n to assume the defense of such Proceeding, the l ndemnitor will be bound by any determination made in such Procee d ing or any compromise or sett l ement effected by the ln d emnitee . (e) Seller and Buyer shall fully cooperate with each other and t h eir respective counsel i n co nn ection w i th any li ti gation, settlement, compromise o r o t h er at t em p ts to reso l ve any matter for which indemnification is claimed under this Section 10 . 7. P roc e dur e for I nd e m nifi c a ti o n - O th e r C l a i ms . A claim for in d emnification for any matter not involving a third - party claim may be asserted by written notice to the party from whom indemnification is sought . 8. Ins ur a nc e . In case any event shall occur which would otherwise entitle an lndemnitee to assert an In demnity Claim, no Damage shall be deemed to have been sustained by such lndemnitee to the extent any proceeds are received by lndemnitee from any insurance policies with respect th e r eto and the parties hereby waive the right of s u brogation . 9. Du ty to Mit i g a te . Each party agrees to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate and minimize any Damages that may be subject to th i s Sec t ion 10 . 11. RI S K O F LO S S 1. C a s u a l ty . I f, prior to the C l os i ng , t he tang i b l e F i xed Assets are damaged by fire, hail, van d alism , acts of God o r other casualty or cause (a "C a s u a l ty"), or the tangib l e Assets are taken or made subject to condemnation, eminent domain or other governme n tal acquisition procee d ings (a ''Ta king ") then the procedures of thi s Section 1 1 s h all a pply . 

17 2. Obligated to Close . If the cost of required repair or replacement related to or arising out of the Casua lt y is Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000.00) or less , Buyer shall be obligated to close and purchase the Assets as diminished by such Casualty . In such event the Purchase Price shall be reduced by the deductible amount under Seller's casualty insurance. I n the event that the insurance proceeds are insufficient to defray the cost of repair or replacement, the Purchase Price shall be reduced by the amount of the deficiency. In either such events all insurance proceeds payable to Seller by virtue of such Casualty shall be assigned to Buyer, if this Agreement is not terminated as provided herein. 3. Se ller or Buyer's Option to Close . If the cost of repair or replacement related to or arising out of the Casualty is greater than Ten Thousand Dollars 10 , 000 . 00 ), then Seller or Buyer may terminate this Agreement and all insurance proceeds and awards payable by reason of such Casualty or Taking shall be payable to and remain the property of Seller . 4. Determination of Cost of Casualty or Taking . The cost of repair or replacement re l ated to or arising out of the Casualty shall be determined by Seller and Buyer, or, if they are unable to agree, by an independent appraiser selected by two other appraisers, one each of which shall be selected by Seller and Buyer . 5. Termination . If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 11 , the Deposit shall be returned to Buyer and the parties hereto shall be released from all further obligations and liabilities hereunder . 12. RECEIVABLES AND MANUFACTURER PAYMENTS 1. Seller's Receivables . Following the Closing, Buyer, on Seller's behalf and as Seller's agent, shall forward payment of Seller's accounts receivable and Manufacturer warranty payments arising out of the operation of the Business prior to Closing for a period of one hundred eighty 1 80 days . Buyer shall tum over to Seller at least monthly during said period all of th . e monies so accepted on said accounts receivable during the previous month . At the end of said one hundred eighty 180 day period, Buyer shall no longer be obligated to accept payments of such accounts receivable . If Buyer does accept payment of any of Seller's accounts receivable after expiration of the one hundred eighty 180 day period, Buyer shall hold same in trust for Seller and promptly pay same over to Seller . It is understood that Buyer's responsibility, so far as such collection is concerned, is only to accept monies paid on such accounts receivable and shall not include any obl i gation to attempt to enforce payment thereof , or to send out bills or statements therefore . 2. Manufacturer Payments. The parties shall work together and use their commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that (a) amounts due to Seller but collected by Buyer (e.g . , Manufacturer receivables, Manufacturer credits relating to items such as warranty claims or other claims, crectit card payments , etc.) arising out of or in connection with the operation of the Business prior to C l osing shall be paid over to Seller promptly, (b) amounts due to Buyer but collected by Seller arising out of or in connection with the operation of the Business on or following the Closing or as provided in this Agreement shall be paid over to Buyer promptly, (c) . amounts paid by Seller but owed by Buyer as a result of Manufacturer erroneously billing Seller for items arising out of or in connection with the operation of the Business following Closing shall 

18 be paid over to Seller promptly, and (d) amounts paid by Buyer but owed by Seller as a resultof Manufacturer erroneously billing Buyer for items arising out of or in connection with the operation of the Business prior to Closing shall be paid over to Buyer promptly . 13. GENERAL PROVISIONS 1. Expenses . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each party to this Agreement will bear its respective expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution , and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including all fees and expenses of agents, representatives, counsel, and accountants . In the event of termination of this Agreement, the obligation of each pm 1 y to pay its own expenses will be subject to any rights of such party arising from a breach of this Agreement by another party . 2. Public Announcements. Any public announcement or similar publicity with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be issued, i f at all, at such time and in such manner as Seller and Buyer mutually determine in writing . Except for notices required by a Legal Requirement, Seller and Buyer will consu l t with each other concerning the means by which the employees, customers , and suppliers and others having dealings with the Assets will be informed of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Buyer will have the right to be present for any such communication. The restrictions imposed by this Section 13.2 lapse upon the Closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 3. Confidentiality . Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Buyer and Seller will maintain in confidence, and will cause the directors, officers, employees, agents, and advisors of Buyer and Seller to maintain in confidence, any written, oral, or other information obtained in confidence from another party in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, unless (a) such information is already known to othersnot boun _ d by a duty of confidentiality or such information becomes publicly available through no fault of such party, (b) the use of such information is necessary or appropriate in making any filing or obtaining any consent or approval required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (c) the furnishing or use of such information is required by or necessary o r appropriate in connection with legal Proceedings or a Legal Requirement, including but not limited to a plant closing notice, if any . If the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are not consummated, each party will return or destroy as much of such written information as the other party may request. 4. Notices. All notices, consents, waivers, and other communications under this . Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when (a) de l ivered by hand, (b) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, or (c) when received by the addressee, if sent by a nat i _ onally recognized overnight delivery service (receipt requested), in each case to the appropriate addresses set forth below (or to such other addresses as a party may designate by notice to the other parties): Ifto Buyer: Attn: Vance Harrison 

510w200S vance@motosamerica.com Email: With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): If to Seller: Bloodworth Motorcycles, Inc. Attn: David Bloodworth 1324 Forrest Park Nashville, TN 37205 Email: gm@bloodworthmotorcycles.com With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): CameronWorley, P.C. 112 Westwood Place, Suite 240 Brentwood, TN 37027 Attn: James W . Cameron Ill Email: jwc @ cameronworley . com 5. Post - Closing Use by Seller . Buyer will make reasonable accommodations to Seller to facilitate the winding down of Seller's business and the liquidation of the assets not being sold to Buyer, which will include, without limitation, allowing office personnel to have access to the DMS system and a workspace at the Dealership Facility for a period not to exceed sixty 60 days . 6. Arbitration of Disputes. Any unresolved disputes will be submitted to binding arbitration before a single arbitrator in Nashville , Tennessee. The arbitrator shall be a practicing attorney in middle Tennessee or a retired judge chosen by agreement, but if the parties cannot agree then either party may apply to the Chancery Court in Davidson County, Tennessee for the appointment of an arbitrator. The Tennessee Rules of Civil Procedure shall apply. The opinion of the arbitrator shall be in writing and may be enforced by and filed with a court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall award the prevailing party its costs and attorneys' fees. 7. Further Assurances . The parties agree (a) to furnish upon request to each other such further information , (b) to execute and deliver to each other such other documents, and (c) to do such other acts and things , all as the other party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement and the documents referred to in this Agreement . t 3 . 8 Entire Agreement and Modification . This Agreemen t supersedes all prior agreements between Seller and Buyer with respect to its subject matter and constitutes (along with the documents referred to in this Agreement) a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter . This Agreemen t may not be amended except by a writte n agreement executed by the party to be charged with the amendment . 19 

20 9. Construction . This Agreement a nd any cert ifica tes o r docum en t s deliver e d pursuant to thi s Ag reem ent will be construe d without regard to whic h party draft ed the document or any particular provision therein . 10. Assignments , Successors. Seller may not ass ign an y of its ri g ht s under this Agr eeme nt without the prior co n sent of Buy e r , which may not be unreasonably w ithh e ld or de layed. Ho wever , Bu yer may ass i gn it s rig h ts hereunder a s it deems necessary (eac h a " Buyer Assignee") but only to a related entity fonned by Buyer to own certain Assets transferred pursuant to this A greemen t. Such assig nm ent s hall n ot act to r elease the in i tia l Buyer from l iability h ereun d e r. 11. No Hire /No n - C ompete. For a period of two (2) years after C lo s in g, Se ller and its own ers, on their behalf and on behalf of t h e ir family members , coven ant (a) not to hire any of th e . current emp loy ees of the Business , and (b) will not compet e against B uyer's business as to th e Bu sin e ss brand s within th e N a s hville OMA. Seller 's dispo s ition a fter Closing of any vehicle or part s that are not purchased by Buyer shall not be d eeme d a breach of this Section I 3. 11 . 12. Severabili ty . If any provisio n of th i s Agreeme n t is hel d inva lid or unenforceable by any court of competen t jurisdiction , the other provisions of this Agre e ment will remain in full force an d effect . Any pr ovi s ion of thi s Agreement held invalid or un enforcea ble only in part or deg ree will remain in full force and effect to the exten t not held invalid or unenforc eable . 13. Time of Essence. With regar d to all dates and time periods set forth or referred to in this Agreement , time is of the essence. 14. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by th e laws of the State of Tenne ss ee without regard to conflicts of laws principles. 15. C ounterparts. Th is Agreeme n t may be executed in one or more counterparts, each . of which will be deemed to be an or i gina l copy of this Agreement and a ll of which , when take n tog e ther , w ill be dee med to constitute one and the s ame agreement. 16. Definition of Certain Terms . The terms d efine d elsew h e r e h e r e in and in this Section 13 . 16 , wheneve r u s ed in this Agreeme n t , s h all ha ve the respective meanings indi cated below for all purposes of th i s Agreement : (a) " Consent" m ea n s any consent, app rova l , aut h o rization , waiver, permit, grant , franchise , concessio n , agreement , license , exem pti on o r order of , r egis trat ion , certificate , declaration or filing with, or report or notice to, any Person . (b) "Governmental Body " means any nation or government , any sta te o r other political subdivi s ion thereof , any e nt ity , authority or body exercising execut i v e, legislative , judicial , regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government , including any government auth ority, agency, depa rtment, board , commiss ion or instrume ntality of t h e Unite d Stat es or a foreign nation or ju ri s d ictio n , any Stat e of the United States or any political subdivision . ofany thereof , a n y court , tr i bunal or arbitrator , and any self - regu l atory o r ganization. 

21 (c) "Legal Reguirement" means any law , statute, ord inance , rule , regulation , jud gment, injunction, order or decree. (d) " Person " means any natural person, firm, partnership, association, corporation, company, trust, business trust, governmental authority or other entity. (e) "Tax" or "Taxes" means any (i) federal, state, provincial, local, foreign or other income, alternative, minimum, add - on minimum, accumulated earnings, personal holding company, franchise , capital stock, net worth, capital, pro fits, pro duc tion, windfall profits, gross receipts, value added, natural resources, sales , use, transaction privilege, goods and services, excise , cus t oms , duties , transfer, conveyance, mortgage, registration, stamp, documentary , recording, premium , severance, environmental (including taxes under Section 59 A of the Code), real property, personal property, ad valorem, intangibles , rent (or lease), occupancy , license, occupation, employee, employment , unemployment insuranc e, social security, disability , workers' compensation, payroll, health care, withho lding , estimate d or other similar tax, duty , levy, fee , or other governmental charge or assessment or deficiencies of any kind whatsoever, whether computed on a separate or consolidated, unitary, or combined basis , (inclu d ing all interest, penalties, and additions to Tax and additions thereto whether di sp uted or not), (ii) any liab ili ty for the payment of any amounts described in clause (i) arising as a res ul t of being (or ceasing to be) a member of any affiliated group or being included (or required to be included) in a n y tax return relating t her eto), and (iii) liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in clau se (i) as a result of any express o r implied obligation , by contract or pur s uant to applicab l e law, to indemnify or otherwise assume or succeed to the liability of any other person . 13 . 1 7 Removal of Seller property . Certain items of Selle r' s personal property may s till be lo cate d on the Premise s as of Closing . Seller will have thirty 30 day s after Closi n g to r emove s u ch items . [Signature Page to Follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above. SELLER: BLOODWORTH MOTORCYCLES, INC. By : NamC=:f> 22 Title: , - dm - - 2620904.2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above. SELLER: BLOODWORTH MOTORCYCLES, INC. By: Name: Title: BUYER: Metos America Nashville I nc. B N y a : iu : V - a n ce H_a_r - ris_o _ - n --- - Title: President 22 2620904 . 2 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-21.1>
 12
 motos_ex2101.htm
 CASCADE MOTOS EUGENE (SUBSIDIARY) REGISTRATION

Exhibit 21.1 

AMENDED ANNUAL REPORT Corporation Division www.filinginoregon.com E - FILED May 17, 2022 OREGON SECRETARY OF STATE REGISTRY NUMBER 183686899 REGISTRATION DATE 06/17/2021 BUSINESS NAME CASCADE MOTO EUGENE, LLC BUSINESS MOTORCYCLE SALES AND SERVICE; PARTS, APPAREL, ACCESSORY SALES MAILING ADDRESS 2891 W 11TH AVE EUGENE OR 97402 USA TYPE DOMESTIC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY PRIMARY PLACE OF BUSINESS 2891 W 11TH AVE EUGENE OR 97402 USA JURISDICTION OREGON REGISTERED AGENT VANCE B HARRISON 2891 W 11TH AVE EUGENE OR 97402 USA If the Registered Agent has changed, the new agent has consented to the appointment. MANAGER TERINA LIDDIARD 2891 W 11TH AVE EUGENE OR 97402 USA Page 1 

Corporation Division www.filinginoregon.com OREGON SECRETARY OF STATE I declare, under penalty of perjury, that this document does not fraudulently conceal, fraudulently obscure, fraudulently alter or otherwise misrepresent the identity of the person or any officers, managers, members or agents of the limited liability company on behalf of which the person signs. This filing has been examined by me and is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, true, correct, and complete. Making false statements in this document is against the law and may be penalized by fines, imprisonment, or both. By typing my name in the electronic signature field, I am agreeing to conduct business electronically with the State of Oregon. I understand that transactions and/or signatures in records may not be denied legal effect solely because they are conducted, executed, or prepared in electronic form and that if a law requires a record or signature to be in writing, an electronic record or signature satisfies that requirement. ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE NAME TERINA LIDDIARD TITLE MANAGER DATE 05 - 17 - 2022 Page 2 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-21.2>
 13
 motos_ex2102.htm
 CASCADE MOTOS PORTLAND (SUBSIDIARY) REGISTRATION

Exhibit 21.2 

AMENDED ANNUAL REPORT Corporation Division www.filinginoregon.com E - FILED May 17, 2022 OREGON SECRETARY OF STATE REGISTRY NUMBER 183591396 REGISTRATION DATE 06/15/2021 BUSINESS NAME CASCADE MOTO PORTLAND, LLC BUSINESS NEW AND USED MOTORCYCLE SALES; PARTS, APPAREL, ACCESSORY SALES; MOTORCYCLE SERVICE MAILING ADDRESS 12010 SW GARDEN PLACE TIGARD OR 97223 USA TYPE DOMESTIC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY PRIMARY PLACE OF BUSINESS 12010 SW GARDEN PLACE TIGARD OR 97223 USA JURISDICTION OREGON REGISTERED AGENT VANCE B HARRISON 12010 SW GARDEN PLACE TIGARD OR 97223 USA If the Registered Agent has changed, the new agent has consented to the appointment. MANAGER VANCE HARRISON 12010 SW GARDEN PLACE TIGARD OR 97223 USA MANAGER TERINA LIDDIARD 12010 SW GARDEN PLACE TIGARD OR 97223 USA Page 1 

Corporation Division www.filinginoregon.com OREGON SECRETARY OF STATE I declare, under penalty of perjury, that this document does not fraudulently conceal, fraudulently obscure, fraudulently alter or otherwise misrepresent the identity of the person or any officers, managers, members or agents of the limited liability company on behalf of which the person signs. This filing has been examined by me and is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, true, correct, and complete. Making false statements in this document is against the law and may be penalized by fines, imprisonment, or both. By typing my name in the electronic signature field, I am agreeing to conduct business electronically with the State of Oregon. I understand that transactions and/or signatures in records may not be denied legal effect solely because they are conducted, executed, or prepared in electronic form and that if a law requires a record or signature to be in writing, an electronic record or signature satisfies that requirement. ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE NAME TERINA LIDDIARD TITLE MANAGER DATE 05 - 17 - 2022 Page 2 

</EX-21.2>

<EX-21.3>
 14
 motos_ex2103.htm
 MOTOS AMERICA NASHVILLE (SUBSIDIARY) REGISTRATION

Exhibit 21.3 

Division of Business Services Department of State State of Tennessee 312 Rosa L. Parks AVE, 6th FL Nashville, TN 37243 - 1102 Tre Hargett Secretary of State The following document(s) was/were filed in this office on the date(s) indicated below: Date Filed Filing Description General Information SOS Control # Filing Type: Image # 001260773 For - profit Corporation - Domestic 12/03/2021 1:37 PM Active Perpetual Status: Duration Term: Formation Locale: TENNESSEE Date Formed: 12/03/2021 Fiscal Year Close 12 Registered Agent Address Motos America Nashville Inc. VANCE HARRISON STE 100 310 S PERIMETER PARK DR NASHVILLE, TN 37211 Principal Address VANCE HARRISON STE 110 510 S 200 W SALT LAKE CTY, UT 84101 - 2320 03/04/2022 Assumed Name New Assumed Name Changed From: No Value To: BMW Motorcycles of Nashville 02/22/2022 Assumed Name New Assumed Name Changed From: No Value To: Motos America Nashville 12/03/2021 Initial Filing B1171 - 8366 B1160 - 5897 B1133 - 1094 Active Assumed Names (if any) Date Expires BMW Motorcycles of Nashville Motos America Nashville 03/04/2027 02/22/2027 03/04/2022 03/02/2022 Filing Information Name: Motos America Nashville Inc. Page 1 of 1 3/23/2023 12:00:55 PM 

</EX-21.3>

<EX-31.1>
 15
 motos_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Motos
America Inc. 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Vance Harrison, certify
that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Motos America Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstaces under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Vance Harrison 
 Vance Harrison 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: May 8, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 16
 motos_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Motos
America Inc. 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Terina Liddiard, certify
that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Motos America Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Terina Liddiard 
 Terina Liddiard 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: May 8, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 17
 motos_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Motos
America Inc. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Motos America Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Vance Harrison, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Vance Harrison 
 Terina Liddiard 
 
 Date: May 8, 2023 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 18
 motos_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Motos
America Inc. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Motos America Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Terina Liddiard, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Terina Liddiard 
 Terina Liddiard 
 
 Date: May 8, 2023 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 mtam-20220731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 mtam-20220731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 mtam-20220731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 mtam-20220731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

