<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1726711_0001213900-23-030316.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6876914</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279285</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1587976</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1516758</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1788481</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1550629</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030316.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417171538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030316
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aditxt, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001726711
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				823204328
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39336
		FILM NUMBER:		23824742

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		737 N. FIFTH STREET, SUITE 200
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		909-488-0844

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		737 N. FIFTH STREET, SUITE 200
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aditx Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ADiTx Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030316.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_aditxtinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________
to _______________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in this filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based on a closing price of 7.16 was approximately . 

As of April 14, 2023, the registrant had 4,834,731 
and shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Registrant s definitive
proxy statement relating to its 2022 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2022 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The 2022 Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

ADITXT, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item
 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 38 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 38 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 

PART II 
 39 
 
 Item
 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 
 Item
 6 
 [Reserved] 
 40 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 48 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 48 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 48 

PART III 
 49 
 
 Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 49 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 49 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 49 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 49 

PART IV 
 50 
 
 Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 50 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form
 10-K Summary 

SIGNATURES 
 54 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions,
estimates, intentions and future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond
our control, and which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements
that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as may, 
 can, anticipate, assume, should, indicate, would, 
 believe, contemplate, expect, seek, estimate, continue, 
 plan, point to, project, predict, could, intend, target, 
 potential and other similar words and expressions of the future. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated
or implied in the forward-looking statements. As a result, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except
to the limited extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

ii 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to
numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in Section 1A titled Risk Factors, that represent challenges
that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances
described in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have an adverse
effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

we
have generated no significant revenue from commercial sales to date and our future profitability is uncertain; 

if
we fail to obtain the capital necessary to fund our operations, we will be unable to continue or complete our product development and
you will likely lose your entire investment; 

our
financial situation creates doubt whether we will continue as a going concern; 

we
may need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all; 

even
if we can raise additional funding, we may be required to do so on terms that are dilutive to you.; 

the
regulatory approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining approvals for the commercialization
of our future product candidates, if any; 

we
may encounter substantial delays in completing our clinical studies which in turn will require additional costs, or we may fail to demonstrate
adequate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities; 

if
our future pre-clinical development and future clinical Phase I/II studies are unsuccessful, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval
of, or commercialize, our product candidates on a timely basis or at all; 

even
if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product and
the revenue that we generate from their sales, if any, may be limited; 

adverse
events involving our products may lead the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency to delay or deny clearance for our products or
result in product recalls that could harm our reputation, business and financial results; 

our
technology is subject to licenses from LLU and Stanford (as defined below), each of which are revocable in certain circumstances, including
in the event we do not achieve certain payments and milestone deadlines. Without these licenses, we may not be able to continue to develop
our product candidates; 

if
we were to lose our CLIA certification or state laboratory licenses, whether as a result of a revocation, suspension or limitation, we
would no longer be able to offer our assays (including our AditxtScore platform), which would limit our revenues and harm our
business. If we were to lose, or fail to obtain, a license in any other state where we are required to hold a license, we would not be
able to test specimens from those states; 

our
results of operations will be affected by the level of royalty and milestone payments that we are required to pay to third parties; 

iii 

we
face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully
than we do; 

our
technologies and products under development, and our business, may fail if we are not able to successfully commercialize them and ultimately
generate significant revenues as a result; 

customers
may not adopt our products quickly, or at all; 

COVID-19
may impact our business and operations; 

the
failure to obtain or maintain patents, licensing agreements and other intellectual property could materially impact our ability to compete
effectively; 

some
of our intellectual property may be subject to march-in rights by the U.S. federal government; 

we
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future; 

we
have issued a significant number of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, options and warrants and may continue to do so in
the future. The vesting and, if applicable, exercise of these securities and the sale of the shares of common stock issuable thereunder
may dilute your percentage ownership interest and may also result in downward pressure on the price of our common stock; 

future sales or issuances of substantial amounts of our common stock, including, potentially as a result of future acquisitions or strategic transactions, including the transaction with Cellvera Global, could result in significant dilution; 

while
we have entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Cellvera Global, we cannot assure you that the transaction contemplated by the Share
Exchange Agreement will be consummated or, that if such transaction is consummated, that it will be accretive to stockholder value; 

we
have provided loans to Cellvera Global in the principal amount of 14.5 million, if we are unable to complete the transactions contemplated
by the Share Exchange Agreement, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to timely collect such amounts from Cellvera Global,
if at all; 

we
may engage in future acquisitions or strategic transactions, including the transaction with Cellvera Global, which may require us to
seek additional financing or financial commitments, increase our expenses and/or present significant distractions to our management; 

we
received the determination from Nasdaq that we regained compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, however, we remain
subject to a panel monitor of our ongoing compliance until March 28, 2023 and if we fail to comply with such requirements during the
panel monitor, it could result in the delisting of our securities by Nasdaq; and 

exclusive
forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are an innovation company with a mission of
Making Promising Innovations Possible, Together. We develop, build, and grow innovations with a focus on monitoring and modulating the
immune system. We take a socialized approach to innovation by engaging stakeholders into all aspects of the process. 

Our innovation portfolio includes
the following programs: 

- Adimune - Immune modulation technologies which are
currently at the pre-clinical stage and are designed to retrain the immune system to induce tolerance with an objective of addressing
rejection of transplanted organs, autoimmune diseases, and allergies. 

- AditxtScore - Immune monitoring technologies designed
to provide a personalized comprehensive profile of the immune system. 

ADI TM (Immune Modulation Program) 

Background 

The discovery of immunosuppressive
(anti-rejection and monoclonal) drugs over 40 years ago has made possible life-saving organ transplantation procedures and blocking of
unwanted immune responses in autoimmune diseases. However, immune suppression leads to significant undesirable side effects, such as increased
susceptibility to life-threatening infections and cancers, because it indiscriminately and broadly suppresses immune function throughout
the body. While the use of these drugs has been justifiable because they prevent or delay organ rejection, their use for treatment of
autoimmune diseases and allergies may not be acceptable because of the aforementioned side effects. Furthermore, transplanted organs often
ultimately fail despite the use of immune suppression, and about 40 of transplanted organs survive no more than 5 years. 

New, focused therapeutic approaches
are needed that modulate only the immune cells involved in rejection of the transplanted organ, as this approach can be safer for patients
than indiscriminate immune suppression. Such approaches are referred to as immune tolerance, and when therapeutically induced, may be
safer for patients and potentially allow long-termer survival of transplanted tissues and organs. 

In the late 1990s, academic
research on these approaches was conducted at the Transplant Center in Loma Linda University LLU in connection with a
project that secured initial grant funding from the U.S. Department of Defense. The focus of that project was induction of tolerance for
skin allografting for burn victims. Twenty years of research at LLU and an affiliated incubator led to a series of discoveries that have
been translated into a large patent portfolio of therapeutic approaches that may be applied to the modulation of the immune system to
induce tolerance to self and transplanted organs. 

We have an exclusive worldwide
license for commercializing Apoptotic DNA Immunotherapy (ADI nucleic acid-based technology (which is currently at the pre-clinical
stage) from LLU, ADI which utilizes a novel approach that mimics the way the body naturally induces tolerance to our own tissues therapeutically induced immune tolerance ). While immune suppression requires continuous administration to prevent rejection
of a transplanted organ, induction of tolerance has the potential to retrain the immune system to accept the organ for longer periods
of time. Thus, ADI may allow patients to live with transplanted organs with significantly reduced immune suppression. ADI 
is a technology platform which we believe can be engineered to address a wide variety of indications. 

1 

We are developing ADI 
products for organ transplantation including skin allografting, autoimmune diseases, and allergies, with the initial focus on psoriasis,
type 1 diabetes and skin allografting, indications for which we have compelling preclinical data. To submit a Biologics License Application BLA for a biopharmaceutical product, clinical safety and efficacy must be demonstrated in clinical studies conducted with
human subjects. For products in our class of drugs, the first-in-human trials will be a combination of Phase I (safety/tolerability) and
Phase II (efficacy) in affected subjects. To obtain approval to initiate the Phase I/IIa studies, an Investigational New Drug or Clinical
Trial Application will be submitted that will include a compilation of non-clinical efficacy data as well as manufacturing and pre-clinical
safety/toxicology data. To date, we have conducted non-clinical studies in a stringent model of skin transplantation using genetically
mismatched donor and recipient animals demonstrating a 3-fold increase in the survival of the skin allograft in animals that were tolerized
with ADI compared to animals that receive immune suppression alone. Prolongation of graft life was observed despite discontinuation
of immune suppression after the first 5 weeks. In a non-obese diabetic mouse model of type 1 diabetes, we showed reversal of hyperglycemia
with 80 of the animals showing durable glycemic control for the 40-week study period. Additionally, in an induced non-clinical model
for psoriasis, ADI treatment resulted in a 69 reduction in skin thickness and a 38 decrease in skin flaking (two clinical parameters
for assessment of psoriasis skin lesions). The Phase I/IIa studies in psoriasis will evaluate the safety/tolerability of ADI in
patients diagnosed with psoriasis. Since the drug will be administered in subjects diagnosed with psoriasis, effectiveness of the drug
to improve psoriatic lesions will also be evaluated. In the type 1 diabetes clinical studies, newly diagnosed subjects will receive ADI 
treatment to evaluate safety and efficacy. In another Phase I/IIa study, patients requiring skin allografts will receive weekly intra-dermal
injections of ADI in combination with standard immune suppression to assess safety/tolerability and possibility of reducing levels
of immunosuppressive drugs as well as prolongation of graft life. 

Advantages 

ADI is a nucleic acid-based
technology e.g. , DNA-based), which we believe selectively suppresses only those immune cells involved in attacking or rejecting
self and transplanted tissues and organs. It does so by tapping into the body s natural process of cell turnover (apoptosis) to
retrain the immune system to stop unwanted attacks on self or transplanted tissues. Apoptosis is a natural process used by the body to
clear dying cells and to allow recognition and tolerance to self-tissues. ADI triggers this process by enabling the cells of the
immune system to recognize the targeted tissues as self . Conceptually, it is designed to retrain the immune system to accept
the tissues, similar to how natural apoptosis reminds our immune system to be tolerant to our own self tissues. 

While efforts have been made
by various groups to promote tolerance through cell therapies and ex vivo manipulation of patient cells (takes place
outside the body), to our knowledge, we will be unique in our approach of using in-body induction of apoptosis to promote tolerance to
specific tissues. In addition, ADI treatment itself will not require additional hospitalization, only an injection of minute
amounts of the therapeutic drug into the skin. 

Reduce Chronic Rejection 

While immunosuppressants control
acute rejection during the early time-period after receiving an organ, chronic rejection of the organ that occurs one or more years after
the transplant procedure continues to pose a major challenge for organ recipients. 

Chronic rejection has been
likened to autoimmunity (a misdirected immune response that occurs when the immune system goes awry), where specific tissues in the transplanted
organ become targets of immune attack. In other words, chronic rejection may not be caused just by differences between the donor
and the recipient, but rather by an immune response by the recipient to specific tissues in the organ. Our pre-clinical studies suggest
that ADI has the ability to tolerize to specific tissues in a transplanted organ, and conceivably, reduce incidences of chronic
rejection. 

Moreover, preclinical studies
have demonstrated that ADI treatment significantly and substantially prolongs graft survival, in addition to successfully reversing 
other established immune-mediated inflammatory processes. 

2 

Reduce immune suppression 

Studies in animal models have
shown that conditioning/desensitizing the animals to receive the transplant, prolongs the survival of the transplanted tissue or organ. These
studies have used repeated exposure to low doses of protein components in specific organs to reduce immunologic recognition and attack
on the transplanted organ. 

Based on some of our data,
we believe that with ADI treatment, recipients can be conditioned/desensitized, thereby retraining the immune system to more readily
accept the organ and also reduce the levels of immunosuppressive drugs needed post-transplantation. 

Preformed Antibodies 

Studies have shown that presence
of preformed antibodies prior to transplantation procedures increases the rate of organ rejection. Preformed antibodies can develop in
previously transplanted patients, patients who have given birth, and patients who have previously received blood transfusions. With more
than 113,000 patients on transplant waiting lists in the U.S. alone, patients with pre-existing antibodies have much lower chances of
qualifying to receive organs due to their increased risk of rejection even with immune suppression. 

Sadly, transplanted patients
have a probability of needing re-transplantation at some point due to eventual chronic rejection of their transplanted organ, with the
possible exception of some newborn recipients. With increased incidence of preformed antibodies, these patients may never have the opportunity
to receive another organ. Based on experimental data, we believe that ADI may have the potential to address this issue providing
these individuals better opportunities for receiving an organ. 

Technology Platform 

ADI utilizes a novel
approach that mimics the way our bodies naturally induce tolerance to our own tissues. It is a technology platform, which we believe
can be engineered to address a wide variety of indications. ADI includes two DNA molecules which are designed to deliver signals
to induce tolerance. The first DNA molecule encodes a pro-apoptotic protein, which induces programmed cell death (apoptosis). This
is a core component of the technology because it is intended to greatly increase the recruitment of dendritic cells, which are implicated
in regulating the immune system. The second DNA molecule encodes the protein of interest (guiding antigen), which is modified to
promote a path of tolerance. The guiding antigen is intended to result in tolerance induction specific to the tissue where the protein
is found. 

3 

ADI has shown efficacy
in several preclinical models (skin allografting, psoriasis, type 1 diabetes, alopecia areata and others) and its efficacy can be attributed
to multiple factors: 

1. ADI 
does not rely on a single mechanistic approach. It has multiple components (interchangeable target antigen, apoptosis, methylated
plasmid DNA) that affect different arms of the immune system, which may collectively play a role in rejecting self or transplanted tissues. 

2. ADI 
activates key immune cells known to maintain tolerance in test animals and humans. 

3. ADI 
has been successfully applied to several autoimmune models and a stringent transplantation model. 

4. ADI 
lends itself to repeat dosing, which may be required to achieve its full potential therapeutic effect. 

Proof of Concept: Skin Grafting 

Results shown are 5 weeks
post-transplantation 

The proof-of-concept experiment
performed in transplantation was a skin allograft transplantation procedure in which the donor skin was obtained from white BALB/c mice
and transplanted to black C57BL/6 mice. The experiment was designed to address a more challenging scenario where the donor tissue was
obtained from a donor which is genetically mismatched with the recipient. This is unlike clinical scenarios where the donor and recipient
are genetically matched as much as possible. While these experiments were repeated in several separate experiments, the results shown
here were obtained from a study conducted with 14 mice in the ADI treatment group and 7 mice in the control group. Prior to submission
of an Investigational New Drug or Clinical Trial Application, additional non-clinical studies will be conducted to establish the precise
protocol (e.g. timing of vaccine administration, dosing, and appropriate immunosuppressive agents that will be used in combination with
ADI that will be used in the clinical trials. Pre-clinical safety/toxicology studies have already been conducted by a GLP lab
to ensure product safety for clinical testing. These studies have shown no signs of toxicity to ADI treatment in mice. 

4 

5 

Proof of Concept: Psoriasis 

Psoriasis
causes increased skin thickness and scaling in an established 10-day psoriasis model 

ADI 
treatment resulted in a 69 reduction in skin thickening and 38 reduction in scaling over the 10-day study period 

Proof of Concept: Type 1 Diabetes 

Typically, 90 of female NOD
mice develop spontaneous autoimmune diabetes if left untreated. Disease progression may be different for individual animals much like
the clinical scenario in human patients. 

6 

ADI was administered
once a week for 8 weeks after each animal developed hyperglycemia. All animals responded with 80 showing durable response for the entire
40-week study period. 

Type
1 or autoimmune diabetes is a condition where the body s immune system mistakenly attacks cells in the pancreas resulting in diminished
production of insulin, a hormone that is required for regulation of glucose 

ADI 
incorporates an antigen (GAD) expressed in the pancreas 

Administration
of ADI using GAD as the guiding antigen over an 8-week period in animals with T1D restores insulin production and reverses hyperglycemia 

License Agreement with Loma Linda University 

On March 8, 2018, we entered
into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with Sekris Biomedical, Inc. Sekris ). Sekris was
a party to a license agreement with LLU, entered and made effective on May 25, 2011, and amended on June 24, 2011, July 16, 2012 and December
27, 2012 (the Original Agreement, and together with the Assignment Agreement, the Sekris Agreements ). Pursuant
to the Assignment Agreement, Sekris transferred and assigned all of its rights, obligations and liabilities under the Original Agreement,
of whatever kind or nature, to us. In exchange, on March 8, 2018, we issued a warrant to Sekris to purchase up to 10,000 shares of our
common stock (the Sekris Warrant ). The warrant was immediately exercisable and has an exercise price of 200.00 per share.
The expiration date of the warrant is March 8, 2023. On March 15, 2018, as amended on July 1, 2020, we entered into a LLU License Agreement
directly with Loma Linda University, which amends and restates the Sekris Agreements. 

7 

Pursuant to the LLU License
Agreement, we obtained the exclusive royalty-bearing worldwide license in and to all intellectual property, including patents, technical
information, trade secrets, proprietary rights, technology, know-how, data, formulas, drawings, and specifications, owned or controlled
by LLU and/or any of its affiliates (the LLU Patent and Technology Rights and related to therapy for immune-mediated inflammatory
diseases (the ADI technology). In consideration for the LLU License Agreement, we issued 500 shares of common stock to LLU. 

Pursuant to the LLU License
Agreement, we are required to pay an annual license fee to LLU. Also, we paid LLU 455,000 in July 2020 for outstanding milestone payments
and license fees. We are also required to pay to LLU milestone payments in connection with certain development milestones. Specifically,
we are required to make the following milestone payments to LLU: 175,000 on March 31, 2022; 100,000 on March 31, 2024; 500,000 on March
31, 2026; and 500,000 on March 31, 2027. In lieu of the 175,000 milestone payment due on March 31, 2022, the Company paid LLU an extension
fee of 100,000. Upon payment of this extension fee, an additional year will be added for the March 31, 2022 milestone. Additionally,
as consideration for prior expenses incurred by LLU to prosecute, maintain and defend the LLU Patent and Technology Rights, we made the
following payments to LLU: 70,000 at the end of December 2018, and a final payment of 60,000 at the end of March 2019. We are required
to defend the LLU Patent and Technology Rights during the term of the LLU License Agreement. Additionally, we will owe royalty payments
of (i) 1.5 of Net Product Sales (as such terms are defined under the LLU License Agreement) and Net Service Sales on any Licensed Products
(defined as any finished pharmaceutical products which utilizes the LLU Patent and Technology Rights in its development, manufacture or
supply), and (ii) 0.75 of Net Product Sales and Net Service Sales for Licensed Products and Licensed Services (as such terms are defined
under the LLU License Agreement) not covered by a valid patent claim for technology rights and know-how for a three (3) year period beyond
the expiration of all valid patent claims. We also are required to produce a written progress report to LLU, discussing our development
and commercialization efforts, within 45 days following the end of each year. All intellectual property rights in and to LLU Patent and
Technology Rights shall remain with LLU (other than improvements developed by or on our behalf). 

The LLU License Agreement
shall terminate on the last day that a patent granted to us by LLU is valid and enforceable or the day that the last patent application
licensed to us is abandoned. The LLU License Agreement may be terminated by mutual agreement or by us upon 90 days written notice to LLU.
LLU may terminate the LLU License Agreement in the event of (i) non-payments or late payments of royalty, milestone and license maintenance
fees not cured within 90 days after delivery of written notice by LLU, (ii) a breach of any non-payment provision (including the provision
that requires us to meet certain deadlines for milestone events (each, a Milestone Deadline )) not cured within 90 days after
delivery of written notice by LLU and (iii) LLU delivers notice to us of three or more actual breaches of the LLU License Agreement by
us in any 12-month period. Additional Milestone Deadlines include: (i) the requirement to have regulatory approval of an IND application
to initiate first-in-human clinical trials on or before March 31, 2022, which has been extended to March 31, 2023 due to payment of a
 100,000 extension fee paid in March 2022, (ii) the completion of first-in-human (phase I/II) clinical trials by March 31, 2024, (iii)
the completion of Phase III clinical trials by March 31, 2026 and (iv) biologic licensing approval by the FDA by March 31, 2027. 

Pre-clinical and Clinical Plans 

The resources and efforts
used for the IND-enabling work summarized below supports both the psoriasis and TID clinical programs 

High-level objectives for
psoriasis clinical program: 

Completion of IND-enabling work. Aditxt has completed GMP manufacturing of clinical grade drug substances (DNA plasmids) and initiated GMP formulation of clinical grade the drug product (ADI-100) that will be used for the first-in-human studies in subjects with psoriatic lesions. Included in the manufacturing program is stability studies; the regulatory agency requires one month of stability data for the GMP material for submission of the clinical trial application (CTA). Stability data will continue to be gathered while the clinical trials are ongoing and up to 24 months. Aditxt has also completed the in-life portion of the toxicology studies. Safety data have been recorded and Aditxt is now awaiting immunotoxicology data, which are forthcoming. 

Upon completion of GMP manufacturing and toxicology studies, a CTA will be submitted in Q2 2023 to initiate the Phase I/II FIH clinical trials. 

8 

The FIH clinical studies will
combine Phase I (designed to test clinical safety) and Phase IIa (designed to obtain proof of effectiveness in human subjects), in subjects
with psoriatic skin lesions. We have selected this indication for several reasons, including: 

1. Our
existing preclinical data have shown promising results in reducing scaling and skin thickness in the mouse model; 

2. The
relative ease of visualization of healing of psoriatic lesions; and 

3. The
need for therapies that suitable and justifiable in individuals with mild to moderate psoriasis (current biologic therapies are primarily
used in moderate to severe cases). 

We have identified a contract
research organization with capabilities to conduct a multi-center study and ability to recruit the needed number of subjects to complete
the clinical trials. Upon approval by the regulatory agency clinical trials will be initiated. 

High-level objectives for
type 1 diabetes (T1D) clinical program: 

Completion of IND-enabling work. Aditxt has completed GMP manufacturing of clinical grade drug substances (DNA plasmids) and initiated formulation of the drug product (ADI-100) that will be used for the first-in-human studies in subjects with T1D. Included in the manufacturing program is stability studies; the regulatory agency requires one month of stability data for the GMP material for submission of the clinical trial application (CTA). Stability data will continue to be gathered while the clinical trials are ongoing and up to 24 months. Aditxt has also completed the in-life portion of the toxicology studies. Safety data have been recorded and Aditxt is now awaiting immunotoxicology data, which are forthcoming. 

Clinical Phase I/II Study to demonstrate safety and clinical proof-of-concept in T1D 

Our clinical studies will
combine Phase I (designed to test clinical safety) and Phase II (designed to obtain proof of effectiveness in human subjects), in T1D
patients. We have selected this indication for several reasons, including: 

1. 
 Our existing preclinical data have shown promising results using ADI to reverse hyperglycemia in the mouse model; and 

2. 
 There is currently no treatment for T1D and the only option for patients suffering from T1D is life-long insulin replacement therapy. 

We will be identifying clinical
trial centers with adequate patients. Upon approval by the regulatory agency clinical trials will be initiated. 

High-level objectives for
skin allograft clinical program: 

Completion of preclinical studies to identify the appropriate protocol for dosing and combination of ADI with immune suppression protocols. 

Completion of IND-enabling work including GMP manufacturing and toxicology studies. 

Clinical Phase I/II Study to demonstrate safety and clinical proof-of-concept in patients requiring skin allografts. 

9 

Our clinical studies will
combine Phase I (designed to test clinical safety) and Phase II (designed to obtain proof of effectiveness in human subjects), in patients
requiring skin allografts. We have selected this indication for several reasons, including: 

1. 
 Our existing preclinical data have shown promising results using ADI to prolong skin allograft survival in mismatched mouse model; and 

2. 
 The relative ease of visualization of graft quality without the need for biopsies. 

We will be identifying clinical
trial centers with adequate patients. Upon approval by the regulatory agency clinical trials will be initiated. 

We are developing our immune
monitoring platforms with the objective of utilizing them as clinical assays in pre-clinical and clinical studies. The multiplex technologies
could potentially allow evaluation of more analytes with less tissue samples. 

Drug Approval Process 

In the United States, FDA
approval is required before any new drugs can be introduced to the market. We currently have a product candidate for our first-in-human
studies, but as of the date of report, we have not submitted an application to the regulatory agencies for approval. 

We are working with a contract
manufacturer who has the knowledge, product ingredients including plasmid DNA molecules, and our patented methylating bacterial strain. The
contract manufacturer has completed GMP manufacturing of the plasmid DNA molecules also known as the drug substances. The drug substances
are planned to be shipped to another GMP facility for formulation and fill/finish process in vials that will be used in the clinical trials. 

The product candidate selected
for clinical trials must be subjected to pre-clinical safety/toxicology studies by an independent GLP (Good Laboratory Practice) laboratory
to demonstrate its suitability for clinical testing in human patients. Upon completion of manufacturing and safety/toxicology testing,
an Investigational New Drug (IND) or Clinical Trial Application will be prepared for submission to the regulatory agencies. 

Upon receipt of clearance
to initiate clinical testing, the ADI product can be tested in human patients. Our product will be tested in clinical trials
in patients with psoriasis, T1D and one in patients who require skin allografting. Therefore, our first-in-human studies will be combined
Phase I/Phase II studies in which safety and efficacy data will be obtained. We plan to start with psoriasis and T1D. In parallel,
we will preparing for clinical trials in skin allografting. 

We are developing our immune monitoring platforms
with the objective of utilizing them as clinical assays in pre-clinical and clinical studies. The multiplex technologies could potentially
allow evaluation of more analytes with less tissue samples. 

10 

Target Market 

Psoriasis affects close to
100 million people worldwide and presents a large market estimated at over 20 billion annually. Topical and systemic therapeutics including
vitamin D analogs, steroids, retinoids, immunosuppressants and biologics (i.e. monoclonal antibodies). While in more recent years, several
classes of biologics have entered the market, most are primarily used for patients suffering from moderate to severe psoriasis because
of their impairment of systemic immune responsiveness to infections and cancers. Pre-clinical safety studies by Aditxt have shown that
ADI does not impair resistance to a systemic infection using a bacterial species known as Listeria monocytogenes or the
ability to suppress the growth of an implanted melanoma tumor. The absence of immune impairment is important for application of ADI 
in patients suffering from mild to moderate psoriasis. 

T1D is one of the most common
chronic disorders in children and affects nearly 2 million Americans with the incidence and prevalence increasing at alarming rates in
industrialized countries. Current treatment consists of daily administration of insulin as replacement therapy, which can induce life-threatening
hypoglycemia and does not completely prevent morbidity and mortality associated with the disease. Aditxt is leveraging the ADI 
technology to develop a new class of immunotherapy designed to arrest the autoimmune destruction of the insulin producing beta cells of
the pancreas. This will be the first therapy to achieve this elusive goal, which can increase the span and quality of life for up to 40,000
of US citizens and about 300,000 people around the world who develop T1D each year, with a 3-5 increase in yearly incidence. 

In the U.S. alone, there are
over 36,000 patients who receive organ transplantations each year, with more than 113,000 on transplant waiting lists. 

The field of organ transplantation
has been made possible and continues to rely on broad-acting immunosuppressive drugs, high levels of which can result in a compromised
immune system that renders organ recipients susceptible to cancer and potentially life-threatening infections including re-activation
of latent viruses. 

In addition, immunosuppressants
control acute rejection during the early time-period after receiving an organ but chronic rejection of the organ remains an unmet challenge
for surgeons and transplant recipients. 

While efforts have been made
by various groups to promote tolerance through cell therapies and ex vivo manipulation of patient cells, these procedures
take place outside the body and may require hospitalization. 

Moreover, transplanted patients
will need re-transplantation at some point, with the possible exception of some newborn recipients. With increased incidence of preformed
antibodies, these patients may never have the opportunity to receive another organ. Preformed antibodies can develop in previously transplanted
patients, patients who have given birth, and patients who have previously received blood transfusions. These patients have much lower
chances of qualifying to receive organs due to their increased risk of rejection even with immune suppression. The potential
to reduce formation of preformed antibodies in these patients will provide better opportunities for them to receive another transplanted
organ. 

There are gaps between current
approaches and what the market needs. We believe that ADI addresses these gaps. ADI is simple to administer (does
not require ex-vivo treatment of patient cells), it does not appear to suppress the immune system, it may allow patients
to live with transplanted organs with significantly reduced immune suppression, it may provide for longer-term survival of transplanted
tissues and organs, may be more effective because it does not rely on a single immune pathway/mechanism, and potentially provides patients
with pre-existing antibodies a chance to qualify to receive organs. 

While these advantages present
opportunities for unmet medical needs in the field of organ transplantation, the industry in which we operate is highly competitive. A
small company such as us will meet significant challenges including regulatory requirements for approval of a new class of therapeutic
agents, challenges in large scale manufacturing and marketing, cost of developing a novel therapeutic agent, which may require co-development
partners who may or may not be willing to work with us, and the willingness of transplant surgeons to adopt our therapeutic vaccines in
their existing immune suppression protocols. These challenges pose risks that we may not be able to overcome. 

11 

AditxtScore TM (Immune Monitoring
Program) 

Background 

We believe that understanding
the status of an individual s immune system is key to understanding health by the numbers and for developing therapeutics that result
in better outcomes for more individuals. We have secured an exclusive worldwide license for commercializing a technology platform named
AditxtScore , which provides a personalized comprehensive profile of the immune system. AditxtScore is intended to be informative
for individual immune responses to viruses, bacteria, peptides, drugs, supplements, bone marrow and solid organ transplants and cancer.
It has broad applicability to many other agents of clinical interest impacting the immune system, including those not yet identified such
as emerging infectious agents. 

AditxtScore is being
designed to allow individuals to understand, manage and monitor their immune profiles in order to be informed about attacks on or by their
immune system. We believe AditxtScore can also assist the medical community in anticipating possible immune responses and reactions
to viruses, bacteria, allergens and foreign tissues such as transplanted organs. This capability may be possible by having the ability
to determine the body s potential response and for developing a plan to deal with an undesirable reaction by the immune system.
Its advantages include the ability to provide a simple, rapid, accurate, high throughput assays that can be multiplexed to determine the
immune status with respect to several factors simultaneously, in 3-16 hours. In addition, it can determine and differentiate between various
types of cellular and humoral immune responses (T and B cells and other cell types). It also provides for simultaneous monitoring of cell
activation and levels of cytokine release (i.e., cytokine storms). 

We plan to utilize AditxtScore 
in our upcoming pre-clinical and clinical studies to monitor subjects immune response before, during and after ADI drug
administration. We are also evaluating plans to obtain regulatory approval for AditxtScore s use as a clinical assay and
seeking to secure manufacturing, marketing and distribution partnerships for application in the various markets. To obtain regulatory
approval to use AditxtScore as a clinical assay, we have conducted validation studies to evaluate its performance in detection
of antibodies and plan to continue conducting additional validation studies for new applications in autoimmune diseases and transplantation. 

(1) Organ Rejection 

Typically, by the time a transplanted
or a native organ shows signs of failure, the damage is already done, and reversal of the tissue injury becomes challenging. Access to
early warning signs of damage would be invaluable to reverse or even prevent the damage. There are currently no practical, efficient assays
available to measure cellular immune responses and available tools do not provide timely information for patients. AditxtScore 
can be used to provide a sensitive and rapid tool for pre-transplant monitoring and to determine T and B cell response and to differentiate
between various types of cellular immune responses. It can be multiplexed providing information about the number of cells responding as
well as quantifying the amounts of various cytokines released by the cells in the same assay. Determination of cellular response has valuable
applications for prediction, monitoring, early detection, and treatment of disease, including organ failure/rejection, as well as treatment
efficacy. It can also reveal dysfunction of the immune system that can potentially contribute to more severe disease. 

(2) Autoimmunity 

Our immune system develops
to differentiate self from non-self. In autoimmunity, the body s ability to distinguish this difference is impaired. Detection of
early signs of immune misrecognition may allow earlier intervention to reduce tissue destruction and to potential reverse the process
more effectively. Better tools are needed to recognize immune responses to our own tissues earlier, and with more sensitivity and accuracy.
AditxtScore harnesses the promise to develop such tools that can be used for early diagnosis, evaluation of treatment effectiveness
and determination of the need for maintenance therapies when needed. 

12 

(3) Allergies 

Our immune system protects
us by acting as a barrier against foreign substances and by eliminating them when they penetrate our bodies. Once the initial exposure
has occurred, memory cells develop to prepare the body against a future exposure. This process is called immunity. In certain situations,
however, instead of immunity, the immune system develops memory cells that result in a more severe reaction during a future exposure to
the same substance. This type of response is called a hypersensitivity response, commonly known as an allergic response. AditxtScore 
can be used to develop multiplex panels each designed to test and monitor immune response to allergens. Based on the ability of this technology
to run multiple tests in a single assay, 100 or more substances can potentially be tested simultaneously. 

(4) Drug/Vaccine Response 

There are currently no effective
assays to predict and easily assess responses to drugs or vaccines. To determine whether an individual has responded to a particular vaccine,
antibody titers are measured. This process may take several days or even weeks. Furthermore, for vaccines that require a series of injections,
titers are not measured between injections and may not be known for months. AditxtScore can be used to determine whether a patient
is a responder or non-responder (e.g. individuals with a suppressed immune response may be non-responders). It can provide an effective
and rapid tool for potentially determining beneficial responses to a vaccine and can be used to monitor levels of immune responsiveness
post vaccination. It can allow evaluation of multiple vaccines in a single test (for memory B cell detection). This application can be
useful for vaccines, cancer therapeutics anti-rejection drugs, anti-viral drugs, among others. 

(5) Disease Susceptibility 

Disease susceptibility can
vary from one individual to another, and it can be a function of various factors, including genetic variability and differences in human
leukocyte antigens (HLA) encoded by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) and responsible for regulation of the immune system in humans.
People with certain HLA types may have higher or lower susceptibility to diseases. AditxtScore can be used to develop assays to
evaluate differences in HLA types in individuals to help elucidate the relationship between certain HLA types and susceptibility to various
diseases. 

(6) Infectious Diseases 

Infectious diseases can cause
a major predicament for scientific and medical professionals, epidemiologists, and infectious disease specialists, who need to determine
how to treat patients in real-time while efficacious therapies are still being developed. Proper decision making requires understanding
why some affected individuals show minor or no symptoms, some recover, and others die. This is fundamental to creating effective targeted
therapeutics which may differ depending on the underlying profile of the individual at risk for, or with, disease. The immune system plays
a major role in how any given individual responds to the infectious agent. This response can be inadequate or too robust or appropriately
effective. Regardless, the kinetics of the response by the cellular and humoral (antibody) immune systems to the infectious agent are
often unknown. A basic critical question, then, is what do the dynamics of the immune response look like from exposure to and through
the disease period and during convalescence for those who survive and those who don and how might vaccines and therapies alter
these profiles such that predictions of vaccine/drug efficacy could be inferred prior to vaccination/treatment and/or disease severity
or progression be prognosticated. AditxtScore can be used to help address these questions with multiplex assays each designed to
test and monitor the immune response to infectious agents. 

13 

License Agreement with Leland Stanford Junior
University Stanford 

On February 3, 2020, we entered
into an exclusive license agreement (the February 2020 License Agreement with Stanford regarding a patent concerning a
method for detection and measurement of specific cellular responses. Pursuant to the February 2020 License Agreement, we received an exclusive
worldwide license to Stanford s patent regarding use, import, offer, and sale of Licensed Products (as defined in the agreement).
The license to the patented technology is exclusive, including the right to sublicense, beginning on the effective date of the agreement,
and ending when the patent expires. Under the exclusivity agreement, we acknowledged that Stanford had already granted a non-exclusive
license in the Nonexclusive Field of Use, under the Licensed Patents in the Licensed Field of Use in the Licensed Territory (as those
terms are defined in the February 2020 License Agreement ). However, Stanford agreed to not grant further licenses under the Licensed
Patents in the Licensed Field of Use in the Licensed Territory. On December 29, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the February 2020
License Agreement which extended our exclusive right to license the technology deployed in AditxtScore TM and securing
worldwide exclusivity in all fields of use of the licensed technology. 

We were obligated to pay and
paid a fee of 25,000 to Stanford within 60 days of February 3, 2020. We also issued 375 shares of the Company s common stock to
Stanford. An annual licensing maintenance fee is payable by us on the first anniversary of the February 2020 License Agreement in the
amount of 40,000 for 2021 through 2024 and 60,000 starting in 2025 until the license expires upon the expiration of the patent. The
Company is required to pay and has paid 25,000 for the issuances of certain patents. The Company will pay milestone fees of 50,000 on
the first commercial sales of a licensed product and 25,000 at the beginning of any clinical study for regulatory clearance of an in
vitro diagnostic product developed and a potential licensed product. The Company paid a milestone fee for a clinical study for regulatory
clearance of an in vitro diagnostic product developed and a potential licensed product of 25,000 in March of 2022. We are also required
to: (i) provide a listing of the management team or a schedule for the recruitment of key management positions by March 31, 2020 (which
has been completed), (ii) provide a business plan covering projected product development, markets and sales forecasts, manufacturing and
operations, and financial forecasts until at least 10,000,000 in revenue by June 30, 2020 (which has been completed), (iii) conduct validation
studies by September 30, 2020 (which has been completed), (iv) hold a pre-submission meeting with the FDA by September 30, 2020 (which
has been completed), (iv) submit a 510(k) application to the FDA, Emergency Use Authorization EUA ), or a Laboratory Developed
Test LDT by March 31, 2021 (which has been completed), (vi) develop a prototype assay for human profiling by December
31, 2021 (which has been completed), (vii) execute at least one partnership for use of the technology for transplant, autoimmunity, or
infectious disease purposes by March 31, 2022 (which has been completed) and (viii) provided further development and commercialization
milestones for specific fields of use in writing prior to December 31, 2022. 

In addition to the annual
license maintenance fees outlined above, we will pay Stanford royalties on Net Sales (as such term is defined in the February 2020 License
Agreement) during the of the term of the agreement as follows: 4 when Net Sales are below or equal to 5 million annually or 6 when
Net Sales are above 5 million annually. The February 2020 License Agreement may be terminated upon our election on at least 30 days advance
notice to Stanford, or by Stanford if we: (i) are delinquent on any report or payment; (ii) are not diligently developing and commercializing
Licensed Product; (iii) miss certain performance milestones; (iv) are in breach of any provision of the February 2020 License Agreement;
or (v) provide any false report to Stanford. Should any events in the preceding sentence occur, we have a thirty (30) day cure period
to remedy such violation. 

Plan of Operations 

The initial application of
the platform was AditxtScore for COVID-19 which was designed to provide a more complete assessment of an individual s infection
and immunity status with respect to the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Infection status is determined by evaluating the presence or absence of the
virus, and immunity status by measuring levels of antibodies against viral antigens and their ability to neutralize the virus. 

In early 2021, we established
our AditxtScore Immune Monitoring Center in Richmond, Virginia (the Center ). The Center operates as a Clinical Laboratory
Improvement Amendments (CLIA) certified facility for the processing of our AditxtScore for COVID-19 Lab Developed Test (LDT) for
our prospective channel partners, including labs and hospitals. 

In August 2020, we filed for
an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) with the FDA with the ultimate objective of filing a 510(K) application. On January 14, 2022, we
submitted requests to obtain two EUAs for our antibody and neutralizing tests following an announcement on November 15, 2021 by the Department
of Health and Human Services that COVID-19 related tests will require FDA review and FDA s position that COVID-19 tests that have
been in use prior to the announcement must submit applications for EUAs but can continue to operate unless informed otherwise. In the
meantime, we are providing AditxtScore as a service as a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT) to assess immunity status to COVID-19. 

The public health emergency
is planned to be ending in May 2023. Thus, COVID-related assays are no longer considered as priority for review by FDA and will not be
considered for EUAs. In May, FDA may provide more guidance regarding whether COVID-related assays will revert back to pre-pandemic review
process or whether they will require full regulatory review (e.g. 510k). Assays that are not developed for evaluation of infection or
immunity status to SARS-CoV-2 will continue to be offered as LDTs. 

14 

Intellectual Property (IP) 

We strive to protect and
enhance the proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to our business, including seeking,
maintaining and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. Our policy is to seek to protect
our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing patent applications in the United States and in jurisdictions outside of the
United States, to protect our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements and product candidates that are important to the development
and implementation of our business. We also rely on trade secrets and know-how relating to our proprietary technology and product candidates,
continuing innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position in the field of immuno-therapy.
We also plan to rely on data exclusivity, market exclusivity, and patent term extensions when available. Our commercial success will
depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for our technology, inventions, and improvements;
to preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets; to obtain and maintain licenses to use intellectual property owned by third parties;
to defend and enforce our proprietary rights, including any patents that we may own in the future; and to operate without infringing
on the valid and enforceable patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. 

Our innovation portfolio
includes: (1) ADI immune modulation technologies, which are currently at the pre-clinical stage and are designed to retrain the
immune system to induce tolerance with an objective of addressing rejection of transplanted organs, autoimmune diseases, and allergies;
and (2) AditxtScore immune monitoring technologies designed to provide a personalized comprehensive profile of the immune system.
Both categories are protected by multiple families of patents and patent applications, including several issued U.S. and non-U.S. patents. 

The projected expiration
dates for the ADI patents and patents issuing from pending applications extend until 2043 for some patents. As of the date of
this report, our patent portfolio for ADI includes both patents and patent applications licensed from LLU or Stanford and patent
applications owned solely by Aditxt, including 120 granted patents, 2 allowed patent applications and 30 pending patient applications
in U.S. and other regions. These patents and patent applications cover three different technical aspects of ADI , treatment of
autoimmune diseases and type 1 diabetes, treatment of organ transplantation, and development of a new class of immunotherapeutics for
various indications. The patents and patent applications cover both methods of treatment for these indications as well as compositions
of matter including plasmids that are able to induce tolerance to antigens or prevention of immune attack on antigens, depending on the
indication, along with methods of producing such plasmids. 

The AditxtScore technology
is also protected by multiple families of patents and patent applications, including several issued U.S. and non-U.S. patents. The projected
expiration dates for these AditxtScore patents and patents issuing from pending applications ranges from 2037 to 2043. As of the
date of this report, our patent portfolio for AditxtScore includes both patents and patent applications licensed from Stanford
and patent applications owned solely by Aditxt, including granted patents and 12 applications. These patents and patent applications
encompass methods, systems and kits for detection and measurement of specific immune responses. 

We also possess and/or in-license
substantial know-how and trade secrets relating to the development and commercialization of our product candidates, including related
manufacturing processes and technology. We plan to continue expanding and strengthening our IP portfolio with additional patent applications
in the future. 

In March 2021, Aditxt signed
an agreement with a regulatory consultant based in Munich, Germany, which will play a central role in navigating the first ADI therapeutic
program through the clinical trial and regulatory process. The firm has been working with the Aditxt s ADI team to
submit a clinical trial application to the regulatory agency in Germany. Psoriasis is the first indication being targeted for clinical
trial in the ADI therapeutics pipeline. Other candidates that are advancing toward clinical trials include ADI for
type 1 diabetes and skin allografting. 

Employees 

We have sixty-one (61) full
time employees as of December 31, 2022. We consider the relations with our employees to be good. 

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

You should carefully consider the risks described
below, as well as general economic and business risks and the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The occurrence
of any of the events or circumstances described below or other adverse events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Additional risks or uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and
Need for Capital 

We have generated no significant revenue
from commercial sales to date and our future profitability is uncertain. 

We were incorporated in September
2017 and have a limited operating history and our business is subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise. Our likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently
encountered in connection with development and expansion of a new business enterprise. Since inception, we have incurred losses and expect
to continue to operate at a net loss for at least the next several years as we commence our research and development efforts, conduct
clinical trials and develop manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. Our net loss for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was 27,549,876 and 46,371,364, respectively, and our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 was 95,040,362.
There can be no assurance that the products under development by us will be approved for sale in the U.S. or elsewhere. Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that if such products are approved, they will be successfully commercialized, and the extent of our future
losses and the timing of our profitability are highly uncertain. If we are unable to achieve profitability, we may be unable to continue
our operations. 

If we fail to obtain the capital necessary
to fund our operations, we will be unable to continue or complete our product development and you will likely lose your entire investment. 

We will need to continue
to seek capital from time to time to continue development of our lead drug candidate beyond our initial combined Phase I/IIa clinical
trial and to acquire and develop other product candidates. Once approved for commercialization, we cannot provide any assurances that
any revenues it may generate in the future will be sufficient to fund our ongoing operations. 

Our business or operations
may change in a manner that would consume available funds more rapidly than anticipated and substantial additional funding may be required
to maintain operations, fund expansion, develop new or enhance products, acquire complementary products, business or technologies or
otherwise respond to competitive pressures and opportunities, such as a change in the regulatory environment or a change in preferred
treatment modalities. In addition, we may need to accelerate the growth of our sales capabilities and distribution beyond what is currently
envisioned, and this would require additional capital. However, we may not be able to secure funding when we need it or on favorable
terms. We may not be able to raise sufficient funds to commercialize the product candidates we intend to develop. 

16 

If we cannot raise adequate
funds to satisfy our capital requirements, we will have to delay, scale back or eliminate our research and development activities, clinical
studies or future operations. We may also be required to obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators, which arrangements may
require us to relinquish rights to certain technologies or products that we otherwise would not consider relinquishing, including rights
to future product candidates or certain major geographic markets. This could result in sharing revenues which we might otherwise retain
for ourselves. Any of these actions may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The amount of capital we
may need depends on many factors, including the progress, timing and scope of our product development programs; the progress, timing
and scope of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; the time and cost necessary to obtain regulatory approvals; the time and cost
necessary to further develop manufacturing processes and arrange for contract manufacturing; our ability to enter into and maintain collaborative,
licensing and other commercial relationships; and our partners commitment of time and resources to the development and commercialization
of our products. 

Our financial situation creates doubt whether
we will continue as a going concern. 

The Company was incorporated
on September 28, 2017 and through the date of this report has generated no significant revenues. For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had a net loss of 27,649,876 and 46,371,364, respectively. There can be no assurances that we will be able to
achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or additional financing through private placements,
public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support our working capital requirements. To the extent that funds generated from
any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient, we will have to raise additional working capital. No
assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on acceptable terms. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If adequate working capital is not available, we may be forced to
discontinue operations, which would cause investors to lose their entire investment. 

We may need to raise additional funding,
which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay,
limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. 

We do not expect that our
current cash position will be sufficient to fund our current operations for the next 12 months. Our operating plan may change as a result
of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity
or debt financings, government or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic
alliances and licensing arrangements or a combination of these approaches. In any event, we will require additional capital to obtain
regulatory approval for, and to commercialize, our product candidates. Raising funds in the current economic environment may present
additional challenges. Even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional
capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations. 

Any additional fundraising
efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize
our product candidates. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable
to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders and the issuance
of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares
to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities may dilute our existing stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased fixed payment obligations and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations
on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other
operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through
arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and we may be required to
relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have
a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 

If we are unable to obtain
funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our research or development
programs or the commercialization of any product candidate or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business
opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

Even if we can raise additional funding,
we may be required to do so on terms that are dilutive to you. 

The capital markets have
been unpredictable in the past for unprofitable companies such as ours. In addition, it is generally difficult for development stage
companies to raise capital under current market conditions. The amount of capital that a company such as ours is able to raise often
depends on variables that are beyond our control. As a result, we may not be able to secure financing on terms attractive to us, or at
all. If we are able to consummate a financing arrangement, the amount raised may not be sufficient to meet our future needs. If adequate
funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, including our results of operations, financial condition and our
continued viability will be materially adversely affected. 

Unstable
market and economic conditions and adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and associated liquidity risk may have
serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition, and stock price. 

The
global credit and financial markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity
and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, inflationary pressure, and interest rate changes,
increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely
affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, or
other geopolitical events. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one
in Ukraine, may also adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected
countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. More recently, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank SVB and Signature Bank and their placement into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) created bank-specific
and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. Although the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the
FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors at SVB and Signature Bank would have access to their funds, even those in excess of
the standard FDIC insurance limits, under a systemic risk exception, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions
or the broader financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages, impair the ability of companies to access near-term
working capital needs, and create additional market and economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that future credit and financial
market instability and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely
affected by any such economic downturn, liquidity shortages, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market
conditions. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, or if adverse developments are experienced by financial institutions, it may
cause short-term liquidity risk and also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure
to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy,
financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk
that one or more of our current service providers, financial institutions, manufacturers and other partners may be adversely affected
by the foregoing risks, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. The Company
does not hold any deposits or securities or maintain any accounts at SVB or Signature Bank. 

Risks Related to Product Development, Regulatory
Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization 

The regulatory approval process is expensive,
time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of our future product candidates,
if any. 

We will not be permitted
to market our product candidates in the United States until we receive approval from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive
the requisite approval from corresponding agencies in such countries. The testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, marketing
and distribution of health and life science-related products are subject to extensive regulation, which regulations differ from country
to country. 

18 

Successfully completing our
clinical program and obtaining approval of a Biologics License Application BLA is a complex, lengthy, expensive and uncertain
process, and the FDA or other applicable foreign regulator may delay, limit or deny approval of our product candidates for many reasons,
including, among others, because: 

we
 may not be able to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective in treating patients to the satisfaction of the
 FDA or foreign regulator; 

the
 results of our clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA or foreign regulator
 for marketing approval; 

the
 FDA or foreign regulator may disagree with the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of our clinical trials; 

the
 FDA or foreign regulator may require that we conduct additional clinical trials; 

the
 FDA or foreign regulator may not approve the formulation, labeling or specifications of our product candidates; 

the
 contract research organizations (CROs) and other contractors that we may retain to conduct our clinical trials may take actions outside
 of our control that materially adversely impact our clinical trials; 

the
 FDA or foreign regulator may find the data from preclinical studies and clinical trials insufficient to demonstrate that our product
 candidate(s) are safe and effective for their proposed indications; 

the
 FDA or foreign regulator may disagree with our interpretation of data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

the
 FDA or foreign regulator may not accept data generated at our clinical trial sites or may disagree with us over whether to accept
 efficacy results from clinical trial sites outside the United States or outside the EU, as applicable, where the standard of care
 is potentially different from that in the United States or in the EU, as applicable; 

if
 and when our BLAs or foreign equivalents are submitted to the applicable regulatory authorities, such agencies may have difficulties
 scheduling the necessary review meetings in a timely manner, may recommend against approval of our application or may recommend or
 require, as a condition of approval, additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, limitations on approved labeling or distribution
 and use restrictions; 

the
 FDA or foreign regulator may require development of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS), which would use risk minimization
 strategies to ensure that the benefits of certain prescription drugs outweigh their risks, as a condition of approval or post-approval; 

the
 FDA or other applicable foreign regulatory agencies may not approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
 with which we contract; or 

the
 FDA or the other applicable foreign regulatory agencies may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

19 

We may encounter substantial delays in
completing our clinical studies which in turn will require additional costs, or we may fail to demonstrate adequate safety and efficacy
to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 

It is difficult to predict
if or when any of our product candidates, will prove safe or effective in humans or will receive regulatory approval. Before
obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical studies
to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain
as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure
of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical
development include: 

delays
 in reaching, or failing to reach, a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; 

delays
 in reaching, or failing to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with a sufficient number of prospective contract research organizations
 CROs and clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly
 among different CROs and trial sites; 

delays
 in obtaining required Institutional Review Board IRB or Ethics Committee EC approval at each clinical
 study site; 

delays
 in recruiting a sufficient number of suitable patients to participate in our clinical studies; 

imposition
 of a clinical hold by regulatory agencies, after an inspection of our clinical study operations or study sites; 

failure
 by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to the clinical study, regulatory or legal requirements; 

failure
 to perform in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practices GCP or applicable regulatory guidelines in
 other countries; 

delays in the
 testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of sufficient quantities of our product candidates to the clinical sites; 

delays in having patients 
 complete participation in a study or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical study sites or
 patients dropping out of a study; 

delay or failure to address
 any patient safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial; 

unanticipated costs or
 increases in costs of clinical trials of our product candidates; 

occurrence of serious adverse
 events associated with the product candidates that are viewed to outweigh their potential benefits; or 

changes in regulatory requirements
 and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols. 

We could also encounter delays
if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs or ECs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted,
by an independent Safety Review Board SRB for such trial or by the FDA, European Medicines Agency EMA ),
or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of factors, including
failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical
trial operations or trial site by the FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen
safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative
actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 

Any inability to successfully
complete preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenues from
product sales, regulatory and commercialization milestones and royalties. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes
to our product candidates, we may need to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. 

Clinical study delays could
also shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors
to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. In
addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development
and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may significantly
harm our business, financial condition and prospects. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement
or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 

20 

The outcome of preclinical
studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial
do not necessarily predict final results. Further, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to various interpretations and
analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical
trials have, nonetheless, failed to obtain marketing approval. If the results of our clinical studies are inconclusive or if there
are safety concerns or adverse events associated with our other product candidates, we may: 

be delayed
 in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates, if approved at all; 

obtain approval
 for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 

obtain approval with labeling
 that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; 

be required
 to change the way the product is administered; 

be required to perform
 additional clinical studies to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 

have regulatory authorities
 withdraw their approval of a product or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified risk evaluation and mitigation
 strategy; 

be sued; or 

experience damage to our
 reputation. 

Additionally, our product
candidates could potentially cause other adverse events that have not yet been predicted. The inclusion of ill patients in our clinical
studies may result in deaths or other adverse medical events due to other therapies or medications that such patients may be using. As
described above, any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our product candidates and impair
our ability to commercialize our products. 

If our future pre-clinical development
and future clinical Phase I/II studies are unsuccessful, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval of, or commercialize, our product
candidates on a timely basis or at all. 

The successful completion
of pre-clinical development and multiple clinical trials is critical to the success of our future products. If the pre-clinical development
and clinical trials are unsuccessful or produce inconsistent results or unanticipated adverse side effects, or if we are unable to collect
reliable data, regulatory approval of our products could be delayed or not given and as a result we may be unable to commercialize our
products. Generally, we expect to engage third parties such as consultants, universities or other collaboration partners to conduct clinical
trials on our behalf. Incompatible practices or misapplication of our products by these third parties could impair the success of our
clinical trials. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval
for any of our product candidates, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product and the revenue that we generate from
their sales, if any, may be limited. 

If approved for marketing,
the commercial success of our product candidates will depend upon each product s acceptance by the medical community, including
physicians, patients and health care payors. The degree of market acceptance for any of our product candidates will depend on a number
of factors, including: 

demonstration
 of clinical safety and efficacy; 

relative convenience, dosing
 burden and ease of administration; 

the prevalence and severity
 of any adverse effects; 

the willingness of physicians
 to prescribe our product candidates, and the target patient population to try new therapies; 

21 

efficacy of
 our product candidates compared to competing products; 

the introduction of any
 new products that may in the future become available targeting indications for which our product candidates may be approved; 

new procedures or therapies
 that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which our product candidates may show utility; 

pricing and
 cost-effectiveness; 

the inclusion or omission
 of our product candidates in applicable therapeutic and vaccine guidelines; 

the effectiveness of our
 own or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

limitations
 or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities; 

our ability to obtain and
 maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid,
 private health insurers and other third-party payors or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government bodies regulating
 the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and 

the willingness of patients
 to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement or government pricing approvals. 

If any of our product candidates
are approved, but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care payors, and patients, we may not generate
sufficient revenues and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party
payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. 

In addition, even if we obtain
regulatory approvals, the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce our ability to commercialize our product candidates
successfully. For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other companies the ability
to develop competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to
restrictions or post-approval commitments that render our product candidates not commercially viable. For example, regulatory authorities
may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may grant approval contingent on the
performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve any of our product candidates with a label that does not include
the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization for that indication. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign
regulatory authorities may place conditions on approvals or require risk management plans or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency concludes a REMS is needed,
the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS; the regulatory agencies will not approve the BLA without an approved REMS, if required.
A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution
methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The regulatory agencies may also require a REMS for an approved product
when new safety information emerges. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution,
prescription or dispensing of our product candidates. Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory
standards or if problems occur following the initial marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the
commercial success of our product candidates. 

22 

Adverse events involving our products may
lead the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency to delay or deny clearance for our products or result in product recalls that could
harm our reputation, business and financial results. 

Once a product receives regulatory
clearance or approval, the agency has the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of adverse side effects,
material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. The authority to require a recall must be based on a regulatory finding that
there is a reasonable probability that the product would cause serious injury or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative,
recall a product if any material deficiency in a product is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our distributors
could occur as a result of adverse side effects, impurities or other product contamination, manufacturing errors, design or labeling
defects or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any of our products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The regulatory agencies require that certain classifications of
recalls be reported to them within ten (10) working days after the recall is initiated. Companies are required to maintain certain records
of recalls, even if they are not reportable to the regulatory agency. We may initiate voluntary recalls involving our products in the
future that we determine do not require notification of the regulatory agencies. If the regulatory agency disagrees with our determinations,
they could require us to report those actions as recalls. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers and negatively
affect our sales. In addition, the regulatory agency could take enforcement action for failing to report the recalls when they were conducted. 

The in-licensing of technologies and the
successful testing and early development of technologies in the laboratory may not be indicative of future results and may not result
in commercially viable technologies or products. Further, our future products may have to be modified from their originally conceived
versions in order to reach or be successful in the market. 

Positive results from laboratory
testing and early developmental successes, may not be predictive of future successful development, commercialization and sales results
and should not be relied upon as evidence that products developed from our technologies will become commercially viable and successful.
Further, the products we plan to develop in the future may have to be significantly modified from their originally conceived versions
in order for us to control costs, compete with similar products, receive market acceptance, meet specific development and commercialization
timeframes, avoid potential infringement of the proprietary rights of others, or otherwise succeed in developing our business and earning
ongoing revenues. This can be a costly and resource draining activity. What appear to be promising technologies when we license them
may not lead to viable technologies or products, or to commercial success. 

Complying with numerous regulations pertaining
to our business is an expensive and time-consuming process, and any failure to comply could result in substantial penalties. 

We are subject to the Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Amendment of 1988, or CLIA, which is a federal law regulating clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens
derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease. Our clinical laboratory
is located in Richmond, Virginia and must be certified under CLIA in order for us to perform testing on human specimens. CLIA is intended
to ensure the quality and reliability of clinical laboratories in the United States by mandating specific standards in the areas of personnel
qualifications, administration, and participation in proficiency testing, patient test management, quality control, quality assurance
and inspections. We currently hold a CLIA certificate to perform high-complexity testing. Laboratories performing high complexity testing
are required to meet more stringent requirements than laboratories performing less complex tests. CLIA regulations require clinical laboratories
like ours to comply with various operational, personnel, facilities administration, quality, and proficiency testing requirements intended
to ensure that testing services are accurate, reliable and timely. CLIA certification is a prerequisite for reimbursement eligibility
for services provided to state and federal health care program beneficiaries. CLIA is user-fee funded. Therefore, all costs of administering
the program must be covered by the regulated facilities, including certification and survey costs. To renew this certificate, we are
subject to survey and inspection every two years. Moreover, CLIA inspectors may make periodic inspections of our clinical laboratory
outside of the renewal process. The failure to comply with CLIA requirements can result in enforcement actions, including the revocation,
suspension, or limitation of our CLIA certificate of compliance, as well as a directed plan of correction, state on-site monitoring,
civil money penalties, civil injunctive suit and/or criminal penalties. We must maintain CLIA compliance and certification to be eligible
to bill for assays provided to Medicare beneficiaries. If we were to be found out of compliance with CLIA program requirements and subjected
to sanctions, our business and reputation could be harmed. Even if it were possible for us to bring our laboratory back into compliance,
we could incur significant expenses and potentially lose revenue in doing so. 

23 

Additionally, certain states
require laboratory licenses in order to test specimens from patients in those states or received from ordering physicians in those states.
We may also be subject to regulation in foreign jurisdictions if we seek to expand international distribution of our assays outside the
United States. 

If we were to lose our CLIA
certification or state laboratory licenses, whether as a result of a revocation, suspension or limitation, we would no longer be able
to offer our assays (including our AditxtScore platform), which would limit our revenues and harm our business. If we were to
lose, or fail to obtain, a license in any other state where we are required to hold a license, we would not be able to test specimens
from those states. 

Risks Related to the Company and our Business 

Our technology is subject to licenses from
LLU and Stanford, each of which are revocable in certain circumstances, including in the event we do not achieve certain payments and
milestone deadlines. Without these licenses, we may not be able to continue to develop our product candidates. 

The LLU License Agreement
may be terminated by LLU in the event of a breach by us of any non-payment provision (including the provision that requires us to meet
certain deadlines for milestone events (each, a Milestone Deadline )) not cured within 90 days after delivery of written
notice by LLU. Additional Milestone Deadlines include: (i) the requirement to have regulatory approval of an IND application to initiate
first-in-human clinical trials on or before March 31, 2022 (which has been extended to March 31, 2023 due to payment of a 100,000 extension
fee in March 2022), (ii) the completion of first-in-human (phase I/II) clinical trials by March 31, 2024, (iii) the completion of Phase
III clinical trials by March 31, 2026 and (iv) biologic licensing approval (BLA) by the FDA by March 31, 2027. If the LLU License Agreement
were to be terminated by LLU, we would lose our most significant asset and may no longer be able to develop our product candidates, which
would have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

The February 2020 License
Agreement with Stanford may be terminated by Stanford if we (i) are delinquent on any report or payments; (ii) are not diligently developing
and commercializing Licensed Product (as defined in the February 2020 License Agreement); (iii) miss a milestone described in the agreement;
(iv) are in breach of any other provision of the agreement; or (v) if we provide a false report to Stanford. The Termination discussed
above will take effect only upon 30 days written notice by Stanford unless we remedy the breach within a 30-day cure period. If the February
2020 License Agreement were to be terminated by Stanford, we would lose a significant asset and may no longer be able to develop our
product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Our results of operations will be affected
by the level of royalty and milestone payments that we are required to pay to third parties. 

The LLU License Agreement
and February 2020 License Agreement with Stanford each require us to remit royalty payments and meet certain performance milestones related
to in-licensed intellectual property. Any failure on our part to pay royalties owed or meet milestones could lead to us losing rights
under our licenses and could thereby adversely affect our business. As our product sales increase, we may, from time-to-time, disagree
with our third-party collaborators as to the appropriate royalties owed and the resolution of such disputes may be costly and may consume
management s time. Furthermore, we may enter into additional license agreements in the future, which may also include royalty payments. 

We face substantial competition, which
may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. 

The development and commercialization
of drugs is highly competitive. We compete with a variety of multinational pharmaceutical companies and specialized biotechnology companies,
as well as products and processes being developed at universities and other research institutions. Our competitors have developed, are
developing or will develop product candidates and processes competitive with our product candidates. Competitive therapeutic treatments
include those that have already been approved and accepted by the medical community and any new treatments that may enter the market.
We believe that a significant number of products are currently available, under development, and may become commercially available in
the future, for the treatment of indications for which we may try to develop product candidates. 

24 

More established companies
may have a competitive advantage over us due to their greater size, cash flows and institutional experience. Compared to us, many of
our competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical and human resources. As a result of these factors, our competitors
may have an advantage in marketing their approved products and may obtain regulatory approval of their product candidates before we are
able to, which may limit our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates. Our competitors may also develop drugs that
are safer, more effective, more widely used and less expensive than ours, and may also be more successful than us in manufacturing and
marketing their products. 

Mergers and acquisitions
in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our
competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative
arrangements with large and established companies. These companies compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific,
management and commercial personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and subject registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

Our technologies and products under development,
and our business, may fail if we are not able to successfully commercialize them and ultimately generate significant revenues as a result. 

Successful development of
technologies and our product candidates will require significant additional investment, including costs associated with additional development,
completing trials and obtaining regulatory approval, as well as the ability to manufacture or have others manufacture our products in
sufficient quantities at acceptable costs while also preserving product quality. Difficulties often encountered in scaling up production
include problems involving production yields, quality control and assurance, shortage of qualified personnel, production costs and process
controls. In addition, we are subject to inherent risks associated with new technologies and products. These risks include the possibility
that any of our technologies or future products may: 

be found unsafe; 

be ineffective
 or less effective than anticipated; 

fail to receive
 necessary regulatory approvals; 

be difficult
 to competitively price relative to alternative solutions; 

be harmful
 to consumers or the environment; 

be difficult
 to manufacture on an economically viable scale; 

be subject
 to supply chain constraints for raw materials; 

fail to be
 developed and accepted by the market prior to the successful marketing of alternative products by competitors; 

be difficult
 to market because of infringement on the proprietary rights of third parties; or 

be too expensive
 for commercial use. 

Furthermore, we may be faced
with lengthy market partner or distributor evaluation and approval processes. Consequently, we may incur substantial expenses and devote
significant management effort in order to customize products for market partner or distributor acceptance, though there can be no assurance
of such acceptance. As a result, we cannot accurately predict the volume or timing of any future sales. 

25 

Customers may not adopt our products quickly,
or at all. 

Customers in the sector in
which we operate can be generally cautious in their adoption of new products and technologies. In addition, given the relative novelty
of our future planned products (including our AditxtScore platform), customers of those products may require education regarding
their utility and use, which may delay their adoption. There can be no assurance that customers will adopt our products quickly, or at
all. 

The significant level of competition in
the markets for our products developed in the future may result in pricing pressure, reduced margins or the inability of our future products
to achieve market acceptance. 

The markets for our future
products are intensely competitive and rapidly changing. We may be unable to compete successfully, which may result in price reductions,
reduced margins and the inability to achieve market acceptance for our products. 

Our competitors may have
longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, greater brand recognition and large customer bases than we do. As a result,
they may be able to devote greater resources to the manufacture, promotion or sale of their products, receive greater resources and support
from market partners and independent distributors, initiate or withstand substantial price competition or more readily take advantage
of acquisition or other opportunities. 

We rely on third parties for the distribution
of our current and future products, including our AditxtScore platform. If these parties do not distribute our products in
a satisfactory or timely manner, in sufficient quantities or at an acceptable cost, our sales and development efforts could be delayed
or otherwise negatively affected. 

We rely on third parties
for the distribution of our current and future products, including our AditxtScore platform. Our reliance on third parties to
distribute products may present significant risks to us, including the risk that should any of these third parties fail to adequately
distribute our products and services to end consumers and other market participants, our business may be materially harmed. Additionally,
if we need to enter into agreements for the distribution of our future products with other third parties, there can be no assurance we
will be able to do so on favorable terms, if at all. 

We may rely on third parties for the production
of our future products. If these parties do not produce our products at a satisfactory quality, in a timely manner, in sufficient
quantities or at an acceptable cost, our sales and development efforts could be delayed or otherwise negatively affected. 

We may rely on third parties
for the manufacture of our future products. Our reliance on third parties to manufacture our future products may present significant
risks to us, including the following: 

reduced control
 over delivery schedules, yields and product reliability; 

price increases; 

manufacturing
 deviations from internal and regulatory specifications; 

the failure
 of a key manufacturer to perform as we require for technical, market or other reasons; 

difficulties
 in establishing additional manufacturer relationships if we are presented with the need to transfer our manufacturing process technologies
 to them; 

misappropriation
 of our intellectual property; and 

other risks
 in potentially meeting our product development schedule or satisfying the requirements of our market partners, distributors, direct
 customers and end users. 

If we need to enter into
agreements for the manufacturing of our future products, there can be no assurance we will be able to do so on favorable terms, if at
all. 

26 

If we are unable to establish successful
relations with third-party market partners or distributors, or these market partners or distributors do not focus adequate resources
on selling our products or are otherwise unsuccessful in selling them, sales of our products may not develop. 

We anticipate relying on
independent market partners and distributors to distribute and assist us with the marketing and sale of our products. Our future revenue
generation and growth will depend in large part on our success in establishing and maintaining this sales and distribution channel. If
our market partners and distributors are unable to sell our products, or receive negative feedback from end users, they may not continue
to purchase or market our products. In addition, there can be no assurance that our market partners and distributors will focus adequate
resources on selling our products to end users or will be successful in selling them. Many of our potential market partners and distributors
are in the business of distributing and sometimes manufacturing other, possibly competing, products. As a result, these market partners
and distributors may perceive our products as a threat to various product lines currently being distributed or manufactured by them.
In addition, these market partners and distributors may earn higher margins by selling competing products or combinations of competing
products. If we are unable to establish successful relationships with independent market partners and distributors, we will need to further
develop our own sales and distribution capabilities, which would be expensive and time-consuming and might not be successful. 

If we are not able to attract and retain
highly skilled employees and contractors, we may not be able to implement our business model successfully. 

We will rely upon employees
and third-party consultant/contractors to effectively establish, manage and grow our business. Consequently, we believe that our future
viability will depend largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. In order to do so, we may need to pay
higher compensation, fees, and/or other incentives to our employees or consultants than we currently expect, and such higher compensation
payments would have a negative effect on our operating results. Competition for experienced, high-quality employees, consultants and
contractors is intense and we cannot assure that we will be able to recruit and retain such personnel. We may not be able to hire or
retain the necessary personnel to implement our business strategy. Our failure to hire and retain such personnel could impair our ability
to develop new products and manage our business effectively. 

The loss of our management team or other
key personnel would have an adverse impact on our future development and impair our ability to succeed. 

In the early stages of development,
our business will be significantly dependent on the Company s management team and other key personnel. Our success will be particularly
dependent upon our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Amro Albanna and our Chief Innovation Officer, Dr. Shahrokh Shabahang. The loss of any
one of these individuals or any other future key personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Company and our ability to further
execute our intended business. 

The use of our products may be limited
by regulations, and we may be exposed to product liability and remediation claims. 

The use of our planned products
may be regulated by various local, state, federal and foreign regulators. Even if we are able to comply with all such regulations
and obtain all necessary registrations, we cannot provide assurance that our future products will not cause injury to the environment,
people, or animals and/or otherwise have unintended adverse consequences, under all circumstances. For example, our products may be improperly
combined with other chemicals or, even when properly combined, our products may be blamed for damage caused by those other chemicals.
The costs of remediation or products liability could materially adversely affect our results, financial condition and operations. 

27 

We may be held liable for, or incur costs
to settle, liability and remediation claims if any products we develop, or any products that use or incorporate any of our technologies,
cause injury or are found unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing, sale or use. These risks exist even with respect
to products that have received, or may in the future receive, regulatory approval, registration or clearance for commercial use. We cannot
guarantee that we will be able to avoid product liability exposure. 

At the stage customary to
do so, we expect to maintain product liability insurance at levels we believe are sufficient and consistent with industry standards for
like companies and products. However, we cannot guarantee that our product liability insurance will be sufficient to help us avoid product
liability-related losses. In the future, it is possible that meaningful insurance coverage may not be available on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. In addition, a product liability claim could result in liability to us greater than our assets or insurance coverage.
Moreover, even if we have adequate insurance coverage, product liability claims or recalls could result in negative publicity or force
us to devote significant time and attention to these matters, which could harm our business. 

There may be limitations on the effectiveness
of our internal controls, and a failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud may materially harm our Company. 

We do not expect that internal
control over financial accounting and disclosure, even if timely and well established, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s
objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Failure of our control
systems to prevent error or fraud could materially adversely affect our business. 

COVID-19 may impact our operations. 

On January 30, 2020, the
World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern 
and on March 10, 2020, declared it to be a pandemic. Actions taken around the world to help mitigate the spread of the coronavirus include
restrictions on travel, and quarantines in certain areas, and forced closures for certain types of public places and businesses. The
COVID-19 coronavirus and actions taken to mitigate it have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on the economies
and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company operates. While it is unknown how long
these conditions will last and what the complete financial effect will be to the Company, capital raise efforts and additional development
of our technologies may be negatively affected. 

Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property
Rights 

The failure to obtain or maintain patents,
licensing agreements and other intellectual property could materially impact our ability to compete effectively. 

In order for our business
to be viable and to compete effectively, we need to develop and maintain, and we will heavily rely on, a proprietary position with respect
to our technologies and intellectual property. However, there are significant risks associated with our actual or proposed intellectual
property. The risks and uncertainties that we face with respect to our rights principally include the following: 

pending patent
 applications we have filed or will file may not result in issued patents or may take longer than we expect to result in issued patents; 

we may be subject
 to interference proceedings; 

we may be subject
 to reexamination proceedings; 

we may be subject
 to post grant review proceedings; 

we may be subject
 to inter partes review proceedings; 

we may be subject
 to derivation proceedings; 

we may be subject
 to opposition proceedings in the U.S. or in foreign countries; 

any patents
 that are issued to us may not provide meaningful protection; 

28 

we may not
 be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

other companies
 may challenge patents licensed or issued to us; 

other companies
 may have independently developed and patented (or may in the future independently develop and patent) similar or alternative technologies,
 or duplicate our technologies; 

other companies
 may design around technologies we have licensed or developed; 

enforcement
 of patents is complex, uncertain and very expensive and we may not be able to secure, enforce and defend our patents; and 

in the event
 that we were to ever seek to enforce our patents in ligation, there is some risk that they could be deemed invalid, not infringed,
 or unenforceable. 

We cannot be certain that
any patents will be issued as a result of any pending or future applications, or that any patents, once issued, will provide us with
adequate protection from competing products. For example, issued patents may be circumvented or challenged, declared invalid or unenforceable,
or narrowed in scope. In addition, since publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries,
we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to invent or to file patent applications covering them. 

It is also possible that
others may have or may obtain issued patents that could prevent us from commercializing our products or require us to obtain licenses
requiring the payment of significant fees or royalties in order to enable us to conduct our business. There is no guarantee that such
licenses will be available based on commercially reasonable terms. As to those patents that we have licensed, our rights depend on maintaining
our obligations to the licensor under the applicable license agreement, and we may be unable to do so. 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain
patent protection for our products, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, competitors could develop
and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our products could be impaired. 

The patent prosecution process
is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable
cost, in a timely manner, or in all jurisdictions. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our development
output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. 

The patent position of life
science companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in past years been the subject
of much litigation. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United
States and we may fail to seek or obtain patent protection in all major markets. For example, unlike the U.S., European patent law restricts
the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being
issued which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive
technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries
may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection, even post-grant. 

Recent patent reform legislation
has increased the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued
patents. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act
includes a number of significant changes to United States patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications
are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, recently developed new regulations
and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the
Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions, only became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear
what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation
could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our
issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

29 

Moreover, we may be subject
to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter
partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights (whether licensed or otherwise held)
or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of,
or invalidate, our patent rights (whether licensed or otherwise held), allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products
and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing
third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications (whether
licensed or otherwise held) is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize
current or future product candidates. 

Even if our patent applications
(whether licensed or otherwise held) result in the issuance of patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful
protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be
able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 

The issuance of a patent
is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our licensed or owned patents may be challenged in the
courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or
in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others
from using or commercializing similar or identical products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our products. Given the
amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new life science product candidates, patents protecting
such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property rights
portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time-consuming and ultimately unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe
our intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be
expensive and time-consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against
us alleging that we infringe their intellectual property or that our intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable. In addition,
in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a licensed or owned patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole
or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds
that our patents do not cover that technology. Moreover, lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could be expensive,
time-consuming and ultimately unsuccessful. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings
alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain. 

Our commercial success depends
upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties.
There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the life sciences industry. We cannot guarantee that our product candidates
will not infringe third-party patents or other proprietary rights. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings
or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our products and technology, including inter partes review,
interference, or derivation proceedings before the USPTO and similar bodies in other countries. Third parties may assert infringement
claims against us based on existing intellectual property rights and intellectual property rights that may be granted in the future. 

30 

If we are found to infringe
a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing
and marketing our products. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even
if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed
to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could
be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed
a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business
operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets
of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 

Obtaining and maintaining
our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed
by governmental patent agencies, and our own patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance fees
and annuities on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of
the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee
payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by
payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result
in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction.
Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure
to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal
documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may be subject to claims by third parties
asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own
intellectual property. 

Certain employees and contractors
were previously employed at universities or other companies, including potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees
and contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that these
employees or we have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employee s
former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims, and any such litigation could have an unfavorable outcome. 

In addition, while it is
our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements
assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops
intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our and their assignment agreements may not be self-executing or may be breached, and
we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what
we regard as our intellectual property. 

If we fail in prosecuting
or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel.
Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and adverse results,
and be a distraction to management. 

31 

Some intellectual property which we own
or have licensed may have been discovered through government funded programs such as, for example, the government funded programs referenced
in intellectual property licensed under the LLU License Agreement, and thus may be subject to federal regulations such as march-in 
rights, certain reporting requirements, and a preference for United States industry. Compliance with such regulations may limit our exclusive
rights, subject us to expenditure of resources with respect to reporting requirements, and limit our ability to contract with non-U.S.
manufacturers. 

Some of the intellectual
property rights we own or have licensed have been generated through the use of United States government funding and may therefore be
subject to certain federal regulations. As a result, the United States government may have certain rights to intellectual property embodied
in our current or future products and product candidates pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980. These United States government rights
in certain inventions developed under a government-funded program include a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license
to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the United States government has the right to require us to grant exclusive,
partially exclusive, or non-exclusive licenses to any of these inventions to a third party if it determines that: (i) adequate steps
have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (ii) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or
(iii) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations (also referred to as march-in
rights ). The United States government also has the right to take title to these inventions if we fail to disclose the invention
to the government and fail to file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. In addition, the
United States government may acquire title to these inventions in any country in which a patent application is not filed within specified
time limits. Intellectual property generated under a government funded program is also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance
with which may require us to expend substantial resources. In addition, the United States government requires that any products embodying
the subject invention or produced through the use of the subject invention be manufactured substantially in the United States. The manufacturing
preference requirement can be waived if the owner of the intellectual property can show that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have
been made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would be likely to manufacture substantially in the United States
or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not commercially feasible. This preference for United States manufacturers may
limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. product manufacturers for products covered by such intellectual property. Any exercise by
the government of any of the foregoing rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

Intellectual property litigation could
cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 

Even if resolved in our favor,
litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract
our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results
of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be
negative, it could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could increase our operating
losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may
not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be
able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources.
Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to
compete in the marketplace. 

We may spend considerable resources developing
and maintaining patents, licensing agreements and other intellectual property that may later be abandoned or may otherwise never result
in products brought to market. 

Not all technologies and
candidate products that initially show potential as the basis for future products ultimately meet the rigors of our development process
and as a result may be abandoned and/or never otherwise result in products brought to market. In some cases, prior to abandonment
we may be required to incur significant costs developing and maintaining intellectual property and/or maintaining license agreements
and our business could be harmed by such costs. 

We rely on information technology, and
if we are unable to protect against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, our operations
could be disrupted, and our business could be negatively affected. 

We rely on information technology
networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information; to coordinate our business; and to communicate
within our Company and with customers, suppliers, partners and other third-parties. These information technology systems may be susceptible
to damage, disruptions or shutdowns, hardware or software failures, power outages, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, telecommunication
failures, user errors or catastrophic events. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and
our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our operations could be disrupted, and our business
could be negatively affected. In addition, cyber-attacks could lead to potential unauthorized access and disclosure of confidential information,
and data loss and corruption. There is no assurance that we will not experience these service interruptions or cyber-attacks in the future. 

32 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

We received a written notice from Nasdaq
that we have failed to comply with certain listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market, which could result in our Common Stock being
delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

On January 18, 2022, the
Company received a notification from the Listing Qualifications Staff The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq related to our
failure to maintain a minimum bid price of 1 per share. Based upon the closing bid price for the last 30 consecutive business days leading
up to January 18, 2022, the Company no longer met this requirement. The Nasdaq Listing Rules provided a compliance period of 180 calendar
days in which to regain compliance. Accordingly, if at any time from the date of this notice until July 18, 2022, the closing bid price
our common stock is at least 1 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide us with written confirmation of compliance
and the matter will be closed. 

On July 19, 2022, the Company
received a letter from the Nasdaq of notifying the Company that it has not regained compliance with the minimum bid price rule in Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Rule by July 18, 2022 and is not eligible for a second 180 day extension
as the Company does not comply with the stockholders equity initial listing requirement for The Nasdaq Capital market. The letter also
stated that, unless the Company requests an appeal, the Company s securities would be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market and would
be suspended at the opening of business on July 28, 2022. 

The Company submitted an
appeal to Nasdaq, which stayed the delisting and suspension of the Company s securities pending the decision of the Nasdaq Hearings Panel.
At the hearing in September 2022, the Company presented its views and its plans to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule
to the Panel. 

On September 28, 2022, the
Company received the determination from Nasdaq that the Company had regained compliance with the requirements to remain listed in the
Nasdaq Capital Market subject to a Panel Monitor of the Company s compliance with such requirements as set forth in Listing Rule
5815(d)(4)(A) until March 28, 2023. 

If, within that monitoring
period, the Listing Qualifications staff Staff finds the Company out of compliance with one or more listing standards
during that period notwithstanding Rule 5810(c)(2), the Company will not be permitted to provide the Staff with a plan of compliance with
respect to that deficiency and Staff will not be permitted to grant additional time for the Company to regain compliance with respect
to that deficiency, nor will the company be afforded an applicable cure or compliance period pursuant to Rule 5810(c)(3). Instead, Staff
will issue a Staff Delist Determination and the Company will have an opportunity to request a new hearing with the initial Hearings Panel
or a newly convened Hearings Panel if the initial Hearings Panel is unavailable. The Company will have the opportunity to respond/present
to the Hearings Panel as provided by Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(A). If the hearing is unsuccessful, the Company s securities may be
at that time delisted from Nasdaq. 

During the monitoring period,
the Company failed to maintain compliance with the minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for 9 consecutive trading days between March 16,
2023 and March 28, 2023. Since the end of the monitoring period, the Company has failed to maintain compliance with the minimum bid price
of 1.00 per share for 12 consecutive trading days between March 29, 2023 and April 14, 2023. 

If we are delisted from Nasdaq,
our common stock may be eligible for trading on an over-the-counter market. If we are not able to obtain a listing on another stock exchange
or quotation service for our common stock, it may be extremely difficult or impossible for stockholders to sell their shares. We intend
to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and may be required to seek approval from our stockholders to affect a reverse stock
split of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. However, there can be no assurance that the reverse stock split would
be approved by our stockholders. Further, there can be no assurance that the market price per new share of our common stock after the
reverse stock split will remain unchanged or increase in proportion to the reduction in the number of old shares of our common stock
outstanding before the reverse stock split. Even if the reverse stock split is approved by our stockholders, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq
listing rules. 

If we are delisted from Nasdaq,
but obtain a substitute listing for our common stock, it will likely be on a market with less liquidity, and therefore experience potentially
more price volatility than experienced on Nasdaq. Stockholders may not be able to sell their shares of common stock on any such substitute
market in the quantities, at the times, or at the prices that could potentially be available on a more liquid trading market. As a result
of these factors, if our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq, the value and liquidity of our common stock, warrants and pre-funded warrants
would likely be significantly adversely affected. A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq could also adversely affect our ability
to obtain financing for our operations and/or result in a loss of confidence by investors, employees and/or business partners. 

33 

We do not expect to pay dividends in the
foreseeable future. 

We do not intend to declare
dividends for the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will reinvest any and all future earnings in the development and growth
of our business. Therefore, investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their securities, and holders may be unable to sell
their securities on favorable terms or at all. We cannot assure you of a positive return on your investment or that you will not lose
the entire amount of your investment. 

Future sales or issuances of substantial
amounts of our common stock, including, potentially, as a result of the future acquisitions or strategic transactions, including the transaction
with Cellvera Global, could result in significant dilution. 

On December 28, 2021, we entered
into a Share Exchange Agreement with Cellvera Global f/k/a AiPharma Global, pursuant to which we (i) will acquire 9.5 of the issued
and outstanding equity interests in Cellvera Global in exchange for the issuance of 96,324 shares of our common stock of Aditxt and a
cash payment of 250,000, at an initial closing upon the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions to closing; and (ii) acquire the
remaining 90.5 of the issued and outstanding equity interests in Cellvera Global in exchange for the issuance of 798,560 shares of our
common stock and a cash payment of 250,000 at a secondary closing upon the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions to closing. Additionally,
we may elect to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations. If additional shares are issued in connection
with the proposed acquisition transaction or additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the
issuance of those securities could result in further dilution to our stockholders. 

While we have entered into a Share Exchange
Agreement with Cellvera Global, we cannot assure you that the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement will be
consummated or, that if such transactions are consummated, they will be accretive to stockholder value. 

The initial closing under
the Share Exchange Agreement was expected to occur on or before January 31, 2022. We can provide no assurance that the conditions to
the initial closing will be satisfied. Further, even if we are able to complete the initial closing following the satisfaction of
such conditions, there is no guarantee that the conditions to the secondary closing, including but not limited to, the approval of the
transaction by our stockholders, will be completed in the time frame or in the manner currently anticipated, or that we will recognize
the anticipated benefits of the transaction. 

In connection with the contemplated acquisition
of Cellvera Global, we have provided secured loans to Cellvera Global in the aggregate principal amount of 14.5 million, which amounts
came due on January 31, 2022. Although, we have agreed to forbear from exercising our rights and remedies against Cellvera Global while
we continue to work towards an initial closing under the Share Exchange Agreement, if we are unable to complete the transactions contemplated
by the Share Exchange Agreement, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to timely collect such amounts from Cellvera Global,
if at all. 

In connection with the contemplated
acquisition of Cellvera Global, we entered into a Secured Credit Agreement with Cellvera Global, pursuant to which we have provided secured
loans to Cellvera Global in the aggregate principal amount of 14.5 million, which amounts became due on January 31, 2022. On February
14, 2022, we entered into a Forbearance Agreement with Cellvera Global, pursuant to which we agreed to forbear from exercising our rights
and remedies against Cellvera Global until the earlier of June 30, 2022 or the date of any default under the Forbearance Agreement. Under
the Forbearance Agreement, the Company and the Borrower also agreed to certain amendments to the Credit Agreement, including, but not
limited to: (i) the delivery by Cellvera Global of certain financial statements and forecasts, and (ii) certain regularly scheduled
payments to be made by Cellvera Global to the Company during the forbearance period. If Cellvera Global defaults upon its
obligations under the Forbearance Agreement or if we are otherwise unable to complete the contemplated acquisition of Cellvera Global
under the Share Exchange Agreement, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to time collect the amounts due under the Secured
Credit Agreement, if at all. The note receivable to Cellvera Global was deemed impaired and written down to zero as of December 31, 2021. 

34 

We may engage in future acquisitions or
strategic transactions, including the transaction with Cellvera Global, which may require us to seek additional financing or financial
commitments, increase our expenses and/or present significant distractions to our management. 

As described herein, we entered
into a Share Exchange Agreement with Cellvera Global in December 2021. We have also entered into other non-binding letters of intent.
We may need to acquire additional financing to fund our obligations under the Share Exchange Agreement, the letter of intent or to fund
other potential acquisitions or strategic transactions (particularly, if the acquired entity is not cash flow positive or does not have
significant cash on hand). Obtaining financing through the issuance or sale of additional equity and/or debt securities, if possible,
may not be at favorable terms and may result in additional dilution to our current stockholders. Additionally, any such transaction may
require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration
challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. For example, an acquisition
or strategic transaction may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including the risks outlined above and additionally: 

exposure
to unknown liabilities; 

disruption
of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to develop acquired products or technologies; 

higher
than expected acquisition and integration costs; 

write-downs
of assets or goodwill or impairment charges; 

increased
amortization expenses; 

difficulty
and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel; 

impairment
of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and 

inability
to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. 

Accordingly, although there
can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, and any transactions
that we do complete could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Upon dissolution of our Company, you may
not recoup all or any portion of your investment. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of our Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, our assets would be used to pay all of our debts and liabilities,
and only thereafter would any remaining assets be distributed to our stockholders, subject to rights of the holders of the Preferred
Stock, if any, on a pro rata basis. There can be no assurance that we will have assets available from which to pay any
amounts to our stockholders upon such a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. In such an event, you would lose all of your investment. 

35 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
of Management. 

The Delaware General Corporation
Law and the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provide for the limitation of the liability of directors
for monetary damages. Such provisions may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breaches of fiduciary
duty and may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers even though such
action, if successful, might otherwise be a benefit to the Company s shareholders. In addition, a shareholder s investment
in the Company may be adversely affected to the extent that costs of settlement and damage awards against the Company s officers
or directors are paid by the Company pursuant to such provisions. Additionally, in accordance with Delaware law and the Company s
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and provide advancement of expenses, to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, directors, officers, employees, and agents that are made a party or threatened to be
made a party to legal proceedings by reason of the fact that such parties were working at the request of the Company. We direct
you to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation for more information. 

Anti-takeover provisions under Delaware
law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company and could affect the trading price of our securities. 

We are a Delaware corporation
and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting
us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested
stockholder, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. 

Our management team is required to devote
substantial time to public company compliance initiatives. 

As a publicly reporting company,
we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to
comply with our reporting obligations. Moreover, these reporting obligations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make
some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

Failure to develop our internal controls
over financial reporting as we grow could have an adverse impact on us. 

As our Company matures, we
will need to develop our current internal control systems and procedures to manage our growth. We are required to establish and maintain
appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish appropriate controls, or any failure of those controls once
established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition,
management s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed
in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses
and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of management s assessment
of our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure of our public accounting firm s attestation to or report on management s
assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

We could issue blank check preferred
stock without stockholder approval with the effect of diluting interests of then-current stockholders and impairing their voting
rights, and provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides for the authorization to issue up to 3,000,000 shares of blank check preferred
stock with designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Our board of directors
is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue one or more series of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting
or other rights which could dilute the interest of, or impair the voting power of, our common stockholders. The issuance of a series
of preferred stock could be used as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control. For example, it would be possible
for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt
to change control of our company. In addition, advanced notice is required prior to stockholder proposals, which might further delay
a change of control. 

36 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially
all disputes between the Company and its stockholders, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or employees. 

Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the State
of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company
or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees arising
pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL or our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation or the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors,
officers, employees or agents governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim
as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
(and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination),
which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery
does not have subject matter jurisdiction. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or
duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To
the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Section 22 of the Securities
Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. However, our Amended and Restated Bylaws contain a federal forum provision which
provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United
States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation are deemed to
have notice of and consented to this provision. The Supreme Court of Delaware has held that this type of exclusive federal forum provision
is enforceable. There may be uncertainty, however, as to whether courts of other jurisdictions would enforce such a provision, if applicable. 

These choice of forum provisions
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or
its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees.
Alternatively, if a court were to find our choice of forum provisions contained in either our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Amended and Restated Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We are an emerging growth company 
and will be able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our
common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and we intend to take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company 
we intend to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

37 

We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage
of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth
company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion
or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our initial public
offering; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years;
or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We lease property consisting
of office and laboratory space located at 2569 Wyandotte, St., Suite 101 Mountain View, CA 94043. The lease expires on August 31, 2024,
subject to extension. 

We lease property consisting
of office space located at 532 Broadhollow Road, Suite 118, Melville, NY 11747. The lease expires on December 31, 2024, subject to extension. 

We lease property consisting
of office and laboratory space located at 737 N. 5 th Street Richmond, Virginia 23219. The lease expires on August 31, 2026,
subject to extension. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may
become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject
to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

38 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

On June 30, 2020, our common
stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ADTX. Prior to that time, there was no public market
for our common stock. 

Holders 

As of March 29, 2022, there
were approximately 164 record holders of our common stock and no holders of our preferred stock. The actual number of holders of
our common stock is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares
are held in street name by brokers or held by other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose
shares may be held in trust by other entities. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid or declared
any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business. Any future determination
to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including our results
of operations, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors
that our board of directors deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On January 31, 2022, the
Company issued a consultant 60 shares of common stock for services rendered. 

On February 28, 2022, the
Company issued a consultant 60 shares of common stock for services rendered. 

On March 31, 2022, the Company
issued a consultant 60 shares of common stock for services rendered. 

On June 27, 2022, the Company
issued a consultant 16,296 shares of common stock for services rendered. 

On December 7, 2022, the Company issued
a consultant 131,151 shares of common stock for services rendered. 

On December 27, 2022, the Company issued
a consultant 9,837 shares of common stock for services rendered. 

The issuances above were made pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The information required
by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not purchase any of
our registered equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

39 

Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 

On July 2, 2020, we completed
our initial public offering IPO ). In connection therewith, we issued 24,534 Units (the IPO Units ), excluding
the underwriters option to cover overallotments, at an offering price of 450.00 per IPO Unit, resulting in gross proceeds of
approximately 11.0 million. The IPO Units issued in the IPO consisted of one share of common stock, one Series A warrant, and one Series
B warrant. The Series A warrants originally had an exercise price of 450.00 and a term of 5 years. In addition, we issued a Unit Purchase
Option at an exercise price of 562.50 per unit to the underwriters to purchase up to 1,350 units, with each unit consisting of (i) one
share of common stock and (ii) one Series A Warrant. On August 19, 2020 we modified the exercise price of the Series A Warrants from
 450.00 per share to 225.00 per share. The term of the Series A Warrants was not modified. The Series B warrants have an exercise price
of 562.50 per share, a term of 5 years and contain a cashless exercise option upon certain criteria being met. As of December 31, 2020,
substantially all of the Series B warrants issued in the IPO have been exercised pursuant to a cashless provision therein. 

We received net proceeds
of 8.5 million in the IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and issuance expenses borne by us. No payments were
made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates,
other than payments in the ordinary course of business to officers for salaries and to non-employee directors pursuant to our director
compensation policy. Dawson James Securities, Inc. acted as lead book-running manager of the offering and as representative of the underwriters for
the offering. 

There has been no material
change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO from that described in the final prospectus related to the offering, dated June 29,
2020, as filed with the SEC. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and the related
notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis
or set forth elsewhere in this report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Overview 

We are an innovation company with a mission of
Making Promising Innovations Possible, Together. We develop, build, and grow innovations with a focus on monitoring and modulating the
immune system. We take a socialized approach to innovation by engaging stakeholders into all aspects of the process. 

Our innovation portfolio includes
the following programs: 

- Adimune - Immune modulation technologies which are
currently at the pre-clinical stage and are designed to retrain the immune system to induce tolerance with an objective of addressing
rejection of transplanted organs, autoimmune diseases, and allergies. 

- AditxtScore - Immune monitoring technologies designed
to provide a personalized comprehensive profile of the immune system. 

40 

ADI (Immune
Modulation Program) 

Background 

The discovery of immunosuppressive
(anti-rejection and monoclonal) drugs over 40 years ago has made possible life-saving organ transplantation procedures and blocking of
unwanted immune responses in autoimmune diseases. However, immune suppression leads to significant undesirable side effects, such as
increased susceptibility to life-threatening infections and cancers, because it indiscriminately and broadly suppresses immune function
throughout the body. While the use of these drugs has been justifiable because they prevent or delay organ rejection, their use for treatment
of autoimmune diseases and allergies may not be acceptable because of the aforementioned side effects. Furthermore, transplanted organs
often ultimately fail despite the use of immune suppression, and about 40 of transplanted organs survive no more than 5 years. 

New, focused therapeutic
approaches are needed that modulate only the immune cells involved in rejection of the transplanted organ, as this approach can be safer
for patients than indiscriminate immune suppression. Such approaches are referred to as immune tolerance, and when therapeutically induced,
may be safer for patients and potentially allow longer-term survival of transplanted tissues and organs. 

In the late 1990s, academic
research on these approaches was conducted at the Transplant Center in Loma Linda University LLU in connection with a
project that secured initial grant funding from the U.S. Department of Defense. The focus of that project was induction of tolerance
for skin allografting for burn victims. Twenty years of research at LLU and an affiliated incubator led to a series of discoveries that
have been translated into a large patent portfolio of therapeutic approaches that may be applied to the modulation of the immune system
to induce tolerance to self and transplanted organs. 

We have an exclusive worldwide
license for commercializing Apoptotic DNA Immunotherapy (ADI ), a nucleic acid-based technology (which is currently at the
pre-clinical stage), from LLU. ADI utilizes a novel approach that mimics the way the body naturally induces tolerance to our own
tissues therapeutically induced immune tolerance ). While immune suppression requires continuous administration to prevent
rejection of a transplanted organ, induction of tolerance has the potential to retrain the immune system to accept the organ for longer
periods of time. Thus, ADI may allow patients to live with transplanted organs with significantly reduced immune suppression.
ADI is a technology platform which we believe can be engineered to address a wide variety of indications. 

41 

We are developing ADI 
products for organ transplantation including skin allografting, autoimmune diseases, and allergies, with the initial focus on psoriasis,
type 1 diabetes and skin allografting, indications for which we have compelling preclinical data. To submit a Biologics License Application BLA for a biopharmaceutical product, clinical safety and efficacy must be demonstrated in clinical studies conducted
with human subjects. For products in our class of drugs, the first-in-human trials will be a combination of Phase I (safety/tolerability)
and Phase II (efficacy) in affected subjects. To obtain approval to initiate the Phase I/IIa studies, an Investigational New Drug or
Clinical Trial Application will be submitted that will include a compilation of non-clinical efficacy data as well as manufacturing and
pre-clinical safety/toxicology data. To date, we have conducted non-clinical studies in a stringent model of skin transplantation using
genetically mismatched donor and recipient animals demonstrating a 3-fold increase in the survival of the skin allograft in animals that
were tolerized with ADI compared to animals that receive immune suppression alone. Prolongation of graft life was observed despite
discontinuation of immune suppression after the first 5 weeks. In a non-obese diabetic mouse model of type 1 diabetes, we showed reversal
of hyperglycemia with 80 of the animals showing durable glycemic control for the 40-week study period. Additionally, in an induced non-clinical
model for psoriasis, ADI treatment resulted in a 69 reduction in skin thickness and a 38 decrease in skin flaking (two clinical
parameters for assessment of psoriasis skin lesions). The Phase I/IIa studies in psoriasis will evaluate the safety/tolerability of ADI 
in patients diagnosed with psoriasis. Since the drug will be administered in subjects diagnosed with psoriasis, effectiveness of the
drug to improve psoriatic lesions will also be evaluated. In the type 1 diabetes clinical studies, newly diagnosed subjects will receive
ADI treatment to evaluate safety and efficacy. In another Phase I/IIa study, patients requiring skin allografts will receive weekly
intra-dermal injections of ADI in combination with standard immune suppression to assess safety/tolerability and possibility of
reducing levels of immunosuppressive drugs as well as prolongation of graft life. 

AditxtScore 
(Immune Monitoring Program) 

Background 

We believe that understanding
the status of an individual s immune system is key to understanding health by the numbers and for developing therapeutics that
result in better outcomes for more individuals. We have secured an exclusive worldwide license for commercializing a technology platform
named AditxtScore , which provides a personalized comprehensive profile of the immune system. AditxtScore is intended to
be informative for individual immune responses to viruses, bacteria, peptides, drugs, supplements, bone marrow and solid organ transplants
and cancer. It has broad applicability to many other agents of clinical interest impacting the immune system, including those not yet
identified such as emerging infectious agents. 

AditxtScore is being
designed to allow individuals to understand, manage and monitor their immune profiles in order to be informed about attacks on or by
their immune system. We believe AditxtScore can also assist the medical community in anticipating possible immune responses and
reactions to viruses, bacteria, allergens and foreign tissues such as transplanted organs. This capability may be possible by having
the ability to determine the body s potential response and for developing a plan to deal with an undesirable reaction by the immune
system. Its advantages include the ability to provide a simple, rapid, accurate, high throughput assays that can be multiplexed to determine
the immune status with respect to several factors simultaneously, in 3-16 hours. In addition, it can determine and differentiate between
various types of cellular and humoral immune responses (T and B cells and other cell types). It also provides for simultaneous monitoring
of cell activation and levels of cytokine release (i.e., cytokine storms). 

We plan to utilize AditxtScore 
in our upcoming pre-clinical and clinical studies to monitor subjects immune response before, during and after ADI drug
administration. We are also evaluating plans to obtain regulatory approval for AditxtScore s use as a clinical assay and
seeking to secure manufacturing, marketing and distribution partnerships for application in the various markets. To obtain regulatory
approval to use AditxtScore as a clinical assay, we have conducted validation studies to evaluate its performance in detection
of antibodies and plan to continue conducting additional validation studies for new applications in autoimmune diseases and transplantation. 

42 

License Agreement
with Loma Linda University 

On March 8, 2018, we entered
into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with Sekris Biomedical, Inc. Sekris ). Sekris was
a party to a license agreement with LLU, entered and made effective on May 25, 2011, and amended on June 24, 2011, July 16, 2012 and
December 27, 2012 (the Original Agreement, and together with the Assignment Agreement, the Sekris Agreements ).
Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, Sekris transferred and assigned all of its rights, obligations and liabilities under the Original
Agreement, of whatever kind or nature, to us. In exchange, on March 8, 2018, we issued a warrant to Sekris to purchase up to 10,000 shares
of our common stock (the Sekris Warrant ). The warrant was immediately exercisable and has an exercise price of 200.00
per share. The expiration date of the warrant is March 8, 2023. On March 15, 2018, as amended on July 1, 2020, we entered into a LLU
License Agreement directly with Loma Linda University, which amends and restates the Sekris Agreements. 

Pursuant to the LLU License
Agreement, we obtained the exclusive royalty-bearing worldwide license in and to all intellectual property, including patents, technical
information, trade secrets, proprietary rights, technology, know-how, data, formulas, drawings, and specifications, owned or controlled
by LLU and/or any of its affiliates (the LLU Patent and Technology Rights and related to therapy for immune-mediated inflammatory
diseases (the ADI technology). In consideration for the LLU License Agreement, we issued 500 shares of common stock to LLU. 

Pursuant to the LLU License
Agreement, we are required to pay an annual license fee to LLU. Also, we paid LLU 455,000 in July 2020 for outstanding milestone payments
and license fees. We are also required to pay to LLU milestone payments in connection with certain development milestones. Specifically,
we are required to make the following milestone payments to LLU: 175,000 on March 31, 2022; 100,000 on March 31, 2024; 500,000 on
March 31, 2026; and 500,000 on March 31, 2027. In lieu of the 175,000 milestone payment due on March 31, 2022, the Company paid LLU
an extension fee of 100,000. Upon payment of this extension fee, an additional year will be added for the March 31, 2022 milestone.
Additionally, as consideration for prior expenses incurred by LLU to prosecute, maintain and defend the LLU Patent and Technology Rights,
we made the following payments to LLU: 70,000 at the end of December 2018, and a final payment of 60,000 at the end of March 2019.
We are required to defend the LLU Patent and Technology Rights during the term of the LLU License Agreement. Additionally, we will owe
royalty payments of (i) 1.5 of Net Product Sales (as such terms are defined under the LLU License Agreement) and Net Service Sales on
any Licensed Products (defined as any finished pharmaceutical products which utilizes the LLU Patent and Technology Rights in its development,
manufacture or supply), and (ii) 0.75 of Net Product Sales and Net Service Sales for Licensed Products and Licensed Services (as such
terms are defined under the LLU License Agreement) not covered by a valid patent claim for technology rights and know-how for a three
(3) year period beyond the expiration of all valid patent claims. We also are required to produce a written progress report to LLU, discussing
our development and commercialization efforts, within 45 days following the end of each year. All intellectual property rights in and
to LLU Patent and Technology Rights shall remain with LLU (other than improvements developed by or on our behalf). 

The LLU License Agreement
shall terminate on the last day that a patent granted to us by LLU is valid and enforceable or the day that the last patent application
licensed to us is abandoned. The LLU License Agreement may be terminated by mutual agreement or by us upon 90 days written notice to
LLU. LLU may terminate the LLU License Agreement in the event of (i) non-payments or late payments of royalty, milestone and license
maintenance fees not cured within 90 days after delivery of written notice by LLU, (ii) a breach of any non-payment provision (including
the provision that requires us to meet certain deadlines for milestone events (each, a Milestone Deadline )) not cured within
90 days after delivery of written notice by LLU and (iii) LLU delivers notice to us of three or more actual breaches of the LLU License
Agreement by us in any 12-month period. Additional Milestone Deadlines include: (i) the requirement to have regulatory approval of an
IND application to initiate first-in-human clinical trials on or before March 31, 2022, which has been extended to March 31, 2023 due
to payment of a 100,000 extension fee paid in March 2022, (ii) the completion of first-in-human (phase I/II) clinical trials by March
31, 2024, (iii) the completion of Phase III clinical trials by March 31, 2026 and (iv) biologic licensing approval by the FDA by March
31, 2027. 

43 

License Agreement
with Leland Stanford Junior University Stanford 

On February 3, 2020, we entered
into an exclusive license agreement (the February 2020 License Agreement with Stanford regarding a patent concerning a
method for detection and measurement of specific cellular responses. Pursuant to the February 2020 License Agreement, we received an
exclusive worldwide license to Stanford s patent regarding use, import, offer, and sale of Licensed Products (as defined in the
agreement). The license to the patented technology is exclusive, including the right to sublicense, beginning on the effective date of
the agreement, and ending when the patent expires. Under the exclusivity agreement, we acknowledged that Stanford had already granted
a non-exclusive license in the Nonexclusive Field of Use, under the Licensed Patents in the Licensed Field of Use in the Licensed Territory
(as those terms are defined in the February 2020 License Agreement ). However, Stanford agreed to not grant further licenses under
the Licensed Patents in the Licensed Field of Use in the Licensed Territory. On December 29, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the
February 2020 License Agreement which extended our exclusive right to license the technology deployed in AditxtScore TM and
securing worldwide exclusivity in all fields of use of the licensed technology. 

We were obligated to pay
and paid a fee of 25,000 to Stanford within 60 days of February 3, 2020. We also issued 375 shares of the Company s common stock
to Stanford. An annual licensing maintenance fee is payable by us on the first anniversary of the February 2020 License Agreement in
the amount of 40,000 for 2021 through 2024 and 60,000 starting in 2025 until the license expires upon the expiration of the patent.
The Company is required to pay and has paid 25,000 for the issuances of certain patents. The Company will pay milestone fees of 50,000
on the first commercial sales of a licensed product and 25,000 at the beginning of any clinical study for regulatory clearance of an
in vitro diagnostic product developed and a potential licensed product. The Company paid a milestone fee for a clinical study for regulatory
clearance of an in vitro diagnostic product developed and a potential licensed product of 25,000 in March of 2022. We are also required
to: (i) provide a listing of the management team or a schedule for the recruitment of key management positions by March 31, 2020 (which
has been completed), (ii) provide a business plan covering projected product development, markets and sales forecasts, manufacturing
and operations, and financial forecasts until at least 10,000,000 in revenue by June 30, 2020 (which has been completed), (iii) conduct
validation studies by September 30, 2020 (which has been completed), (iv) hold a pre-submission meeting with the FDA by September 30,
2020 (which has been completed), (iv) submit a 510(k) application to the FDA, Emergency Use Authorization EUA ), or a Laboratory
Developed Test LDT by March 31, 2021 (which has been completed), (vi) develop a prototype assay for human profiling by
December 31, 2021 (which has been completed), (vii) execute at least one partnership for use of the technology for transplant, autoimmunity,
or infectious disease purposes by March 31, 2022 (which has been completed) and (viii) provided further development and commercialization
milestones for specific fields of use in writing prior to December 31, 2022. 

In addition to the annual
license maintenance fees outlined above, we will pay Stanford royalties on Net Sales (as such term is defined in the February 2020 License
Agreement) during the of the term of the agreement as follows: 4 when Net Sales are below or equal to 5 million annually or 6 when
Net Sales are above 5 million annually. The February 2020 License Agreement may be terminated upon our election on at least 30 days
advance notice to Stanford, or by Stanford if we: (i) are delinquent on any report or payment; (ii) are not diligently developing and
commercializing Licensed Product; (iii) miss certain performance milestones; (iv) are in breach of any provision of the February 2020
License Agreement; or (v) provide any false report to Stanford. Should any events in the preceding sentence occur, we have a thirty (30)
day cure period to remedy such violation. 

Our Team 

We
have assembled a team of experts from a variety of scientific fields and commercial backgrounds, with many years of collective experience
that ranges from founding startup biotech companies, to developing and marketing biopharmaceutical products, to designing clinical trials,
and to management of private and public companies. 

Going Concern 

We
were incorporated on September 28, 2017 and have not generated significant revenues to date. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
we had a net loss of 27,649,876 and cash of 2,768,640 as of December 31, 2022. The Company will require significant additional capital
to operate in the normal course of business and fund clinical studies in the long-term. As a result of the May 2022 purchase and sale
of future receipts (a Future Receipts Agreement ), the August 2022 Senior Secured Convertible Note, the August 2022 Future
Receipts Agreement and the September 2022 public offering we received net proceeds of approximately 21,000,000 during the last twelve
months. We believe that the remaining funds on hand will not be sufficient to fund our operations for the next 12 months and such creates
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern beyond one year. 

44 

Financial Results 

We
have a limited operating history. Therefore, there is limited historical financial information upon which to base an evaluation of our
performance. Our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies in their early stages of operations. Our financial statements as of December 31, 2022, show a net loss of 27,649,876. We
expect to incur additional net expenses over the next several years as we continue to maintain and expand our existing operations. The
amount of future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability are uncertain. 

Results of Operations 

Results
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

We
generated revenue of 933,715 and 105,034 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cost of sales for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 766,779 and 77,979, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss from operations of 25,480,098. This is due to general and administrative expenses
of 15,985,552, which includes 1,516,805 in stock-based compensation, research and development of 7,268,084, which includes 591,518
in stock-based compensation, sales and marketing expenses of 1,849,460, which includes 1,023,045 in stock-based compensation and impairment
on note receivable of 534,938. The 7,268,084 in research and development is mainly comprised of 2,145,382 in consulting expenses,
and 3,375,757 in compensation offset by a one-time adjustment to research and development purchases. During the year, the Company transitioned
from purchasing certain inventory items to internally manufacturing these items. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a loss from operations of 41,934,928. This is due to general and administrative expenses
of 22,084,389, which includes 3,927,551 in stock-based compensation, research and development of 5,042,617, which includes 713,130
in stock-based compensation, sales and marketing expenses of 334,977, and impairment on note receivable of 14,500,000. The 5,042,617
in research and development is comprised of 76,455 in licensing fees, 1,960,196 in product development, 2,039,533 in compensation,
and 966,433 in other research and development expense. 

The
decrease in expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to the impairment on
note receivable during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

We
have incurred substantial operating losses since inception and expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable
future and may never become profitable. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 95,040,362 We had working capital
of 1,099,839 as of December 31, 2022. During year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 367,079 in fixed assets. These fixed assets
were purchased to continue the buildout of our operations. Approximately 300,000 of purchased fixed assets were lab equipment, 62,000
were computers, and 5,000 were office furniture. 

Our
financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. 

We
have funded our operations from proceeds from the sale of equity and debt securities. On July 2, 2020, we completed our IPO and raised
approximately 9.5 million in net proceeds. At the time of the IPO, we believed that these funds would be sufficient to fund our operations
for the foreseeable future. 

On
September 10, 2020, we completed a follow-on public offering. In connection therewith, we issued 48,000 units, or Follow-On Units, excluding
the underwriters option to cover overallotments, at an offering price of 200.00 per Follow-On Unit, resulting in gross proceeds
of approximately 9.6 million. 

45 

On
January 25, 2021, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with an institutional accredited investor (the Investor for the sale of a 6,000,000 senior secured convertible note (the Convertible Note ). The Convertible Note had a term of
24 months, was originally convertible at a price of 200.00 per share and was issued at an original issuance discount of 1,000,000.
On August 30, 2021, the Company entered into a defeasance and waiver agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor has
agreed in exchange for (a) a cash payment by the Company to the Investor of 1.2 million (the Cash Payment ), (b) a waiver, in
part of the conversion price adjustment provision such that the January 2021 Note shall be convertible into 96,050 shares of common stock
(without giving effect to the conversion notice received by the Company from the Investor prior to the date hereof totaling (20,115 shares),
and (c) a voluntary and permanent reduction by the Company of the exercise price of the warrant to purchase 16,000 shares of the common
stock of the Company (the January 2021 Warrant to 126.50 per share. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principle
of the convertible note had been converted to 96,050 shares of common stock. 

On
August 30, 2021, we completed a registered direct; offering and raised approximately 10.1 million in net proceeds. 

On
October 20, 2021, we completed an offering for net proceeds of 3.8 million. As part of this offering, we issued 56,667 shares of the
Company s common stock. 

On
December 6, 2021, we completed an offering for net proceeds of 16.0 million. As part of this offering, we issued 164,929 units consisting
of shares of the Company s common stock and warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and 166,572 prefunded
warrants. The warrant issued as part of the units had an exercise price of 57.50 and the prefunded warrants had an exercise price of
 0.001. 

On
September 20, 2022, we completed a public offering for net proceeds of 17.2 million (the September 2022 Offering ).
As part of the September 2022 Offering, we issued 1,224,333 of shares of the Company s common stock, pre-funded warrants to
purchase 2,109,000 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase 3,333,333 shares of the Company s common
stock. The warrants had an exercise price of 6.00 and the pre-funded warrants had an exercise price of 0.001. 

We
may need to raise significant additional capital to continue to fund our operations and the clinical trials for our product candidates.
We may seek to sell common stock, preferred stock or convertible debt securities, enter into a credit facility or another form of third-party
funding or seek other debt financing. In addition, we may seek to raise cash through collaborative agreements or from government grants.
The sale of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders and certain of those securities may have
rights senior to those of our common shares. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of preferred stock, convertible debt securities,
or other debt financing, these securities or other debt could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. Any other third-party
funding arrangement could require us to relinquish valuable rights. 

The
source, timing, and availability of any future financing will depend principally upon market conditions, and, more specifically, on the
progress of our clinical development program. Funding may not be available when needed, at all, or on terms acceptable to us. Lack of
necessary funds may require us to, among other things, delay, scale back or eliminate expenses including some or all our planned development,
including our clinical trials. While we may need to raise funds in the future, we believe the current cash reserves should be sufficient
to fund our operation for the foreseeable future. Because of these factors, we believe that this creates doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

Contractual Obligations 

The
following table shows our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payment Due by Year 

Total 
 2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 
 Lease 
 3,269,311 
 1,129,853 
 1,004,982 
 710,546 
 423,930 

Financed asset 
 409,983 
 409,983 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total contractual obligations 
 3,679,294 
 1,539,836 
 1,004,982 
 710,546 
 423,930 

46 

Critical Accounting
Polices and Estimates 

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of
our financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amount
of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We believe that our critical accounting policies described
under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Plan of Operations Critical Accounting
Policies in our Prospectus, dated September 1, 2020, filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b), are critical to fully understanding
and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. The following involve the most judgment and complexity: 

Research
and development 

Stock-based
compensation expense 

Accordingly,
we believe the policies set forth above are critical to fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.
If actual results or events differ materially from the estimates, judgments and assumptions used by us in applying these policies, our
reported financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

From
time to time the Company enters short term research and development contracts. These contracts have payment provisions which require payment
once regulatory and completion milestones are met. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately 1.6 million outstanding, subject
to these milestones. 

JOBS Act 

On
April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company 
can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, for complying with new
or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. 

When
favorable, we have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition periods available to emerging growth companies under the JOBS
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies provided
under the JOBS Act. 

We
are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we intend to rely on certain of these exemptions,
including without limitation, (i) providing an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (ii) complying with any requirement that may be adopted
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the
auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, known as the auditor discussion
and analysis. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year
in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth
anniversary of the date of the completion of our IPO (December 31, 2025); (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion
in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
under the rules of the SEC. 

Recently Issued and
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying financial statements for a description of other accounting policies
and recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

47 

Recent Developments 

See
Note 12 Subsequent Event to the accompanying financial statements for a description of material recent developments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are not required to provide
the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

See pages F-1 through F-29
following the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Assessment of the Effectiveness of Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In accordance with Rules
13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we, under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange
Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were (a) designed to ensure that the information we are
required to disclose in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, and reported in an accurate manner and on a timely
basis and the information that we are required to disclose in our Exchange Act reports is accumulated and communicated to management
to permit timely decisions with respect to required disclosure and (b) operating in an effective manner. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

No change occurred in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the year ended December
31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

In February 2023, the Company
formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Pearsanta, Inc. in order to accelerate the growth of the Company s AditxtScore program through
future strategic revenue and growth oriented transactions. In connection with the formation of Pearsanta and Corinne Pankovcin s
anticipated role in driving such strategic revenue and growth oriented transactions, Ms. Pankovcin s title was changed from President
to Chief Commercialization Officer, effective April 12, 2023. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

N/A. 

48 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our definitive proxy statement related
to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or the Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of
our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our Proxy Statement, which we intend to
file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our Proxy Statement, which we intend to
file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our Proxy Statement, which we intend to
file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and
Services 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our Proxy Statement, which we intend to
file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. 

49 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial
Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

All financial statement schedules
have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the
notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 At The Market Offering Agreement dated December 20, 2022 between Aditxt, Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2022) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2021 by and between AiPharma Group Ltd. and Aditxt, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2021) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement by and between AiPharma Group Ltd. and Aditxt, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement by and between AiPharma Group Ltd. and Aditxt, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated June 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2020) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248491) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2021) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated July 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2021) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Aditxt, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2022) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, dated July 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2022) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Aditxt, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form the Company s common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Series A-1 Warrant Agent Agreement (including the terms of the Series A-1 Warrant) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248491) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Series B-1 Warrant Agent Agreement (including the terms of the Series B-1 Warrant) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248491) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued to Sekris Biomedical, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Warrant, dated March 8, 2018, issued to Sekris Biomedical, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 

50 

10.4 
 
 Patent Licensing Agreement, dated February 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Patent and Technology License Agreement, dated March 15, 2018 between Loma Linda University and Aditx Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Amendment Agreement to the Patent and Technology License Agreement, dated July 1, 2020 by and between Loma Linda University and Aditx Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2020) 
 
 10.7 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated March 1, 2018 between Aditx Therapeutics, Inc. and Canyon Ridge Development LLC d/b/a Mission Critical Solutions International (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of July 2018 Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of July 2018 Note (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of April 2018 Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of March 2019 Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of October 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of October 2019 Note (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 

10.15 
 
 Form of January 2020 Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of January 2020 Private Placement Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235933) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Salveo Diagnostics, Inc., dated November 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2020) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2021, by and between the Company and Amro Albanna (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2021) 
 
 10.23 
 
 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2021) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2021, by and between LS Biotech Eight, LLC as Landlord, and Aditxt Therapeutics, Inc., as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2021) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Waiver and Defeasance Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021, by and among AiPharma, AiPharma Holdings Limited, AiPharma Asia Limited and the Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021 by and between AiPharma Asia Limited and the Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021 by and between AiPharma Limited and the Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Security Agreement AiPharma Limited and Aditxt (BVI Law) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 

51 

10.33 
 
 Floating Charge (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Transaction Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2021, by and between the Company and AiPharma Global Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.35 
 
 First Amendment to Secured Credit Agreement with AiPharma Global Holdings LLC dated October 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Second Amendment to Secured Credit Agreement with AiPharma Global Holdings LLC dated October 27, 2021(incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2021 between Aditxt, Inc. and Amro Albanna, Chief Executive Officer (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 

10.38 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2021 between Aditxt, Inc. and Corinne Pankovcin, President and Secretary (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2021 between Aditxt, Inc. and Thomas Farley, Chief Financial Officer (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2021 between Aditxt, Inc. and Shahrokh Shabahang, Chief Innovation Officer (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2021 between Aditxt, Inc. and Rowena Albanna, Chief Operating Officer (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Form of Warrant Reduction and Release Agreement dated as of November 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.43 
 
 First Amendment to Transaction Agreement dated November 30, 2021, by and between the Company and AiPharma Global Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Third Amendment to Secured Credit Agreement dated November 30, 2021, by and among AiPharma, AiPharma Holdings Limited, AiPharma Asia Limited and the Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Second Amendment to Transaction Agreement dated December 7, 2021, by and between the Company and AiPharma Global Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2021, by and among the Company and the Target Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Third Amendment to Transaction Agreement dated December 17, 2021, by and between the Company and AiPharma Global Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.48 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Secured Credit Agreement dated December 22, 2021, by and among AiPharma, AiPharma Holdings Limited, AiPharma Asia Limited and the Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Secured Credit Agreement dated December 28, 2021, by and among AiPharma, AiPharma Holdings Limited, AiPharma Asia Limited and the Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Employment Agreement between Aditxt, Inc. and Matthew Shatzkes, Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Forbearance Agreement and Seventh Amendment to Secured Credit Agreement dated as of February 14, 2022 by and among the Company, Cellvera Global Holdings LLC, Cellvera Holdings Ltd., Cellvera Asia Limited (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Transaction Agreement dated December 22,2021, by and between the Company and AiPharma Global Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Series C Warrant Agent Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on April 15, 2022) 

10.54 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant dated January 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.55 
 
 Forbearance Agreement and Eighth Amendment to Secured Credit Agreement dated as of March 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 10.56 
 
 Security Agreement between Cellvera Holdings and Aditxt, Inc. dated as of March 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 10.57 
 
 Security Agreement between Cellvera Development LLC and Aditxt, Inc. dated as of March 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Security Agreement between Cellvera Global Holdings and Aditxt, Inc. dated as of March 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement between Cellvera Asia Limited and Aditxt, Inc. dated as of March 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 

52 

10.60 
 
 Revenue Sharing Agreement by and among Aditxt, Inc., Cellvera Global Holdings LLC and Cellvera Asia Limited dated as of March 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 10.61 
 
 Form of Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Future Receipts (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2022) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Series C Warrant Agent Agreement dated June 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2022) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Inducement Offer to Exercise Series C Common Stock Purchase Warrants (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2022) 
 
 10.64 
 
 Form of New Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2022) 
 
 10.65 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2022) 
 
 10.66 
 
 Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement, dated July 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2022) 
 
 10.67 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note dated July 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2022) 
 
 10.68 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2022) 
 
 10.69 
 
 Form of August 2022 Note (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2022) 
 
 10.70 
 
 Form of August 2022 Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2022) 
 
 10.71 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2022) 
 
 10.72 
 
 Form of Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2022) 
 
 10.73 
 
 Form of First Amendment and Waiver effective as of August 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2022) 
 
 10.74 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2022) 
 
 10.75 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 15, 2022) 
 
 10.76 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 15, 2022) 
 
 10.77 
 
 Form of Placement Agent s Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 15, 2022) 
 
 10.78 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 15, 2022) 
 
 10.79 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Series C Warrant Agent Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 10.80 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Unit Purchase Option (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 10.81 
 
 Form of Consulting Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2023) 
 
 10.82 
 
 Form of Business Loan and Security Agreement dated April 4, 2023(incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2023) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of dbb mckennon , independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and
15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant
to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting
Officers under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

53 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized on this 17 th day of April 2023. 

Aditxt, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Amro Albanna 

Name: 
 Amro Albanna 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS,
that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Amro Albanna and Thomas J. Farley, and each of them, as his or
her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place,
or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that
said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1934, this annual report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Amro Albanna 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Amro Albanna 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Thomas J. Farley 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Thomas J. Farley 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Brian Brady 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Brian Brady 

/s/ Namvar Kiaie 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Namvar Kiaie 

/s/ Jeffrey W. Runge, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey W. Runge, M.D. 

/s/ Shahrokh Shabahang 
 
 Chief Innovation Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Shahrokh Shabahang 

54 

ADITXT, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Stockholders Equity F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Aditxt, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Aditxt, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company s net losses, negative cash flow from operations, and ability to access capital raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2018. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

ADITXT, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Note receivable, net 
 -

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Deposits 

Right of use asset - long term 

Deferred issuance costs 
 
 -

Other assets 
 -

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Financing on fixed assets current 

Deferred rent 

Lease liability - current 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Financing on fixed assets - long term 
 -

Lease liability - long term 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding, respectively 

Treasury stock, and shares, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 3 

ADITXT, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

Sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses, includes and in stock-based compensation, respectively 

Research and development, includes and in stock-based compensation, respectively 

Sales and marketing, includes , and in stock-based compensation, respectively 

Impairment on notes receivable 

Total operating expenses 

NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER EXPENSE 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Other income 
 
 -

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Amortization of debt discount 

Total other expense 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income tax provision 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

Implied Dividends 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted

Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year - basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 4 

ADITXT, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred 
 Shares Outstanding 
 Preferred 
 Shares Par 
 Preferred
 B Shares Outstanding 
 Preferred B Shares Par 
 Common 
 Shares Outstanding 
 Common 
 Shares Par 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock option and warrant compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of restricted stock
 units for compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants, modification
 of warrants, and issuance of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Sale of Series B Preferred
 shares to related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Redemption of Series B Preferred
 shares to related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued as inducement
 on loans, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Warrants issued with loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reset provision on warrants and
 modification of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of shares for debt
 issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares and warrants
 for offering, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance costs related to exercise
 of warrants, modification of warrants, and issuance of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for settlement of AP 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Rounding from reverse stock
 split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

5,206, 307 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 5 

ADITXT, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Shares Outstanding 
 Preferred Shares Par 
 Common Shares Outstanding 
 Common Shares Par 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

Stock option and warrant compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 -

- 

Exercise of warrants 
 - 
 -

- 
 
 - 

Restricted stock unit compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for services 
 - 
 -

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for employee compensation 
 - 
 -

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for vested restricted stock units 
 - 
 -

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares for the conversion of debt 
 - 
 -

- 
 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued with convertible note payable 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares and warrants for offering, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 -

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for offerings, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 -

- 
 
 - 

Warrant consideration for convertible debt offering costs 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reduction in exercise price of warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 -

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 6 

ADITXT, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Impairment on notes receivable 

Disposal of fixed assets 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits 

Inventory 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Tenant improvement allowance receivable 

Notes receivable and accrued interest 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from note payable - related party 
 
 -

Repayments of note payable - related party 
 
 -

Proceeds from notes and convertible notes payable, net of offering costs 

Repayments of notes and convertible notes payable 

Sale of Series B Preferred shares to related party 
 
 -

Redemption of Series B Preferred shares to related party 
 
 -

Common stock and warrants issued for cash, net of issuance costs 

Exercise of warrants, net of offering costs 

Payments on financing on fixed asset 

Cash paid on extinguishment of note payable 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET DECREASE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AT END OF YEAR 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for interest expense 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of shares for the settlement of notes payable 
 -

Lease liability recognized from right of use asset 
 -

Issuance of shares for the settlement of accounts payable 
 
 -

Original offering discount on convertible note payable 
 -

Debt discount from warrants issued with convertible note payable 

Debt discount from warrant consideration for convertible debt offering costs 
 -

Debt discount from shares issued as inducement for convertible note payable 
 
 -

Liability recognized for financed assets 
 -

Reduction in exercise price of warrants 
 -

Shares issued for debt offering costs 
 
 -

Warrant modification 
 
 -

Deferred issuance costs 
 
 - 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 7 

ADITXT, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock,
at a purchase price of per share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately million. In a concurrent private
placement, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to shares. The warrants exercise
price was subsequently repriced to . In addition, the Company issued a warrant to the placement agent to purchase up to shares
of common stock at an exercise price of per share. 

shares
of the Company s common stock (the Shares by the Company. The Shares were offered, issued, and sold at a price to
the public of per share under a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to an effective
shelf registration statement filed with the SEC on Form S-3 (File No. 333-257645), which was declared effective by the SEC on July 13,
2021. The October 2021 Offering closed on October 20, 2021 for gross proceeds of million. The Company utilized a portion of
the proceeds, net of underwriting discounts of approximately million from the October 2021 Offering to fund certain obligations
under the Credit Agreement. (See Note 4) 

million (the December 2021 Offering ). As part of the December 2021 Offering, we
issued units consisting of shares of the Company s common stock and warrant to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock and prefunded warrants. The warrant issued as part of the units had an exercise price of and
the prefunded warrants had an exercise price of . On June 15, 2022, the Company entered an agreement with a holder of certain warrants
in the December 2021 Offering. (See Note 11) 

million (the September 2022 Offering ). As part of the September 2022 Offering,
we issued of shares of the Company s common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock,
and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants had an exercise price of and the
pre-funded warrants had an exercise price of . 

F- 8 

and
negative cash flow from operating activities of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s cash balance was .
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of remaining availability, subject to regulatory requirements, to raise
future funds pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the SEC on Form S-3 declared effective on July 13, 2021.
However, factors such as stock price, volatility, trading volume, market conditions, demand and regulatory requirements may adversely
affect the Company s ability to raise capital in an efficient manner. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

Lab Equipment 

Office Furniture 

Other fixed assets 

Leasehold Improvements 

and , respectively. 

F- 11 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

F- 12 

stock options, unvested restricted
stock units, and warrants were excluded from dilutive earnings per share as their effects were anti-dilutive. As of
December 31, 2021, stock options, unvested restricted stock units and warrants were excluded
from dilutive earnings per share as their effects were anti-dilutive. 

and , respectively. Theses implied dividends
resulted in an increase in the net loss attributable to common stockholders. 

million secured
loan from the Company to Cellvera Global by August 31, 2021, as well as the issuance of such number of shares of the Company s common
stock that yields of the number of the Company s outstanding shares post-closing of the transaction. The acquisition is
subject to the satisfaction of numerous conditions, including satisfactory due diligence, the negotiation and execution of definitive
agreements and other closing conditions, including board and shareholder approval and approval by Nasdaq of the listing of shares proposed
to be issued in the transaction. The Company and Cellvera Global agreed to an exclusivity period until September 30, 2021 (the Exclusivity
Period ), with a view to settling the definitive agreement. On September 30, 2021, the parties entered into a letter agreement pursuant
to which they agreed to extend the Exclusivity Period until October 4, 2021. 

Additionally,
we may elect to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations. 

million (the Loan ). The Loan was funded on August 31,
2021, following the closing of the Company s August 2021 Offering. The Loan bears interest at a rate of per annum and matured
on November 30, 2021. The Loan is secured by certain accounts receivable and other assets of Cellvera Global and certain of its affiliates.
The Credit Agreement also contains certain covenants that prohibit Cellvera Global from incurring additional indebtedness, incurring liens
or making any dispositions of its property. 

F- 13 

As of December 31, 2021,
an additional million was advanced under the Credit Agreement for a total of million. 

million as of December
31, 2021. 

million
loan to Cellvera Global became fully due and payable under the Credit Agreement. On February 14, 2022, the Company entered into a Forbearance
Agreement and Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement with Cellvera Global. 

million. As of the date of filing of this
Annual Report, the Company has not received any payments from Cellvera Global pursuant to the Revenue Sharing Agreement. Upon termination
of the April Forbearance agreement, the amounts under the Secured Credit agreement (as amended) shall become immediately due and payable. 

F- 14 

(the
 Target Company Loan and agreed to make additional secured loans, as requested by the Target Company and approved by the
Company, in an amount not to exceed million. The Target Company Loan bears interest at a rate of per annum and mature on December
8, 2022, provided, that the Letter of Intent currently contemplates that the Target Company Loan will be forgivable upon the closing of
the acquisition contemplated by the letter of intent. The Target Company Credit Agreement also contains certain covenants that prohibit
the Target Company from incurring additional indebtedness, entering into any fundamental transactions, issuing any equity interests subject
to certain limited exceptions, or making any dispositions of its property. In connection with the Target Company Credit Agreement, the
Company entered into a Security Agreement with the Target Company, pursuant to which the Target Company granted the Company a security
interest in all of the Target Company s assets as security for the Target Company Loan. 

million as of December 31, 2022. 

Lab Equipment 

Office Furniture 

Other Fixed Assets 

Leasehold Improvements 

Total Fixed Assets 

Lab Equipment 

Office Furniture 

Other Fixed Assets 

Total Fixed Assets 

and ,
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. None of the Company s fixed assets serve as collateral against any
loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, other than those subject to the financed asset liability. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the fixed assets that serve as collateral subject to the financed asset liability have a carrying value of and ,
respectively. 

F- 15 

, with an interest rate of . 

, with an interest rate of . 

, with an interest rate of . 

2024 
 -

2025 
 -

2026 
 -

2027 
 -

Thereafter 
 -

Total Payments 

Total Intangible Assets 

Total Intangible Assets 

and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. None of the Company s intangible assets serve as collateral against any
loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s proprietary technology is being amortized over its estimated useful life of
 . 

restricted
stock units to an officer of the Company pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company recognized in
stock-based compensation for the issuance of these vested and unvested restricted stock units during the year ended December 31, 2022.
(Note 11) 

per share, to the Purchaser for in cash. 

votes and will vote together with the outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal to amend the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock. The Preferred Stock will be voted, without action by the holder,
on any such proposal in the same proportion as shares of common stock are voted. The Preferred Stock otherwise has no voting rights except
as otherwise required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

F- 16 

in cash. On September 13, 2022, the
share was redeemed. 

to the Company. The loan was evidenced by an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note ). Pursuant
to the terms of the Promissory Note, it will accrue interest at a rate of four and three-quarters percent per annum, the Prime
rate on the date of signing, and is due on the earlier of January 22, 2023, or an event of default. On October 7, 2022, the Company fully
repaid the Promissory Note and of accrued interest to its Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer and the Company
entered the Promissory Note on July 21, 2022. 

(the Future
Receipts Purchased Amount for gross proceeds to the Company of , less origination fees of and professional
service fees of . Pursuant to the Future Receipts Agreement, the Company granted the funder a security interest in all of the Company s
present and future accounts receivable in an amount not to exceed the Future Receipts Purchased Amount. The Purchased Amount shall be
repaid by the Company in 28 weekly installments of approximately with the final payment due on December 7, 2022. 

(the Purchased Amount for gross proceeds to the Company of , less origination fees of . Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company granted the funder
a security interest in all of the Company s present and future accounts receivable in an amount not to exceed the Purchased Amount.
The Purchased Amount shall be repaid by the Company in 20 weekly installments of approximately with the final payment due on January
18, 2023. In connection with the Agreement, the Company also issued a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock with an exercise price of and an expiration of five years from the issuance date. 

in principal amount 
Senior Secured Promissory Notes (the August 2022 Notes ), resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of , exclusive
of placement agent commission and fees and other offering expenses. In connection therewith, the Company issued, shares
of common stock as commitment fees and warrants (the August 2022 Warrants to purchase up to shares of
the Company s common stock. 

F- 17 

in principal amount of August 2022 Notes, resulting in gross proceeds to the
Company of . In connection therewith, the Company issued shares of common stock as commitment fees and August 2022 Warrants
to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock. 

per share, subject to adjustments. 

per share and the August 2022 Warrants were modified such that they are not exercisable unless and until the Company
obtains stockholder approval of the issuance of any shares of common stock upon exercise of the August 2022 Warrants. On September 16,
2022, the exercise price of the August 2022 Warrants was further adjusted to per share. These warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes
Model and the resulting valuation was recorded as an implied dividend. 

in principal amount of August 2022 Notes, resulting in gross proceeds to
the Company of . In connection therewith, the Company issued shares of common stock as commitment fees and warrants (the
 August 2022 Follow On Warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock. 

, subject
to adjustments. These warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes Model and the resulting relative fair value was recorded as a debt discount. 

per share. These warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes Model and the resulting
valuation was recorded as an implied dividend. 

, a prepayment penalty of and all accrued interest of relating to the August 2022 Notes was paid off in
full. 

F- 18 

square feet. The lease expires in , subject to extension. 

square feet
of laboratory and office space in Mountain View, California. The lease expires in , subject to extension. 

square
feet of office space in Melville, New York. The lease expires in , subject to extension. 

Total lease costs 

Total right of use asset 

Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities short term 

Operating lease liabilities long term 

Total lease liability 

Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 
 -

Thereafter 
 -

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Less current portion 

Total maturities, due beyond one year 

F- 19 

shares of common stock to LLU. 

in July 2020 for outstanding milestone payments
and license fees. We are also required to pay to LLU milestone payments in connection with certain development milestones. Specifically,
we are required to make the following milestone payments to LLU: on March 31, 2022; on March 31, 2024; on March
31, 2026; and on March 31, 2027. In lieu of the milestone payment due on March 31, 2022, the Company paid LLU an extension
fee of . Upon payment of this extension fee, an additional year will be added for the March 31, 2022 milestone. Additionally,
as consideration for prior expenses incurred by LLU to prosecute, maintain and defend the LLU Patent and Technology Rights, we made the
following payments to LLU: at the end of December 2018, and a final payment of at the end of March 2019. We are required
to defend the LLU Patent and Technology Rights during the term of the LLU License Agreement. Additionally, we will owe royalty payments
of (i) of Net Product Sales (as such terms are defined under the LLU License Agreement) and Net Service Sales on any Licensed Products
(defined as any finished pharmaceutical products which utilizes the LLU Patent and Technology Rights in its development, manufacture or
supply), and (ii) of Net Product Sales and Net Service Sales for Licensed Products and Licensed Services (as such terms are defined
under the LLU License Agreement) not covered by a valid patent claim for technology rights and know-how for a three (3) year period beyond
the expiration of all valid patent claims. We also are required to produce a written progress report to LLU, discussing our development
and commercialization efforts, within 45 days following the end of each year. All intellectual property rights in and to LLU Patent and
Technology Rights shall remain with LLU (other than improvements developed by or on our behalf). 

extension fee paid in March 2022, (ii) the completion of first-in-human (phase I/II) clinical trials by March 31, 2024, (iii)
the completion of Phase III clinical trials by March 31, 2026 and (iv) biologic licensing approval by the FDA by March 31, 2027. 

to Stanford within 60 days of February 3, 2020. We also issued shares of the Company s common stock to
Stanford. An annual licensing maintenance fee is payable by us on the first anniversary of the February 2020 License Agreement in the
amount of for 2021 through 2024 and starting in 2025 until the license expires upon the expiration of the patent. The
Company is required to pay and has paid for the issuances of certain patents. The Company will pay milestone fees of on
the first commercial sales of a licensed product and at the beginning of any clinical study for regulatory clearance of an in
vitro diagnostic product developed and a potential licensed product. The Company paid a milestone fee for a clinical study for regulatory
clearance of an in vitro diagnostic product developed and a potential licensed product of in March of 2022. We are also required
to: (i) provide a listing of the management team or a schedule for the recruitment of key management positions by March 31, 2020 (which
has been completed), (ii) provide a business plan covering projected product development, markets and sales forecasts, manufacturing and
operations, and financial forecasts until at least in revenue by June 30, 2020 (which has been completed), (iii) conduct validation
studies by September 30, 2020 (which has been completed), (iv) hold a pre-submission meeting with the FDA by September 30, 2020 (which
has been completed), (iv) submit a 510(k) application to the FDA, Emergency Use Authorization EUA ), or a Laboratory Developed
Test LDT by March 31, 2021 (which has been completed), (vi) develop a prototype assay for human profiling by December
31, 2021 (which has been completed), (vii) execute at least one partnership for use of the technology for transplant, autoimmunity, or
infectious disease purposes by March 31, 2022 (which has been completed) and (viii) provided further development and commercialization
milestones for specific fields of use in writing prior to December 31, 2022. 

million annually or 6 when
Net Sales are above 5 million annually. The February 2020 License Agreement may be terminated upon our election on at least 30 days advance
notice to Stanford, or by Stanford if we: (i) are delinquent on any report or payment; (ii) are not diligently developing and commercializing
Licensed Product; (iii) miss certain performance milestones; (iv) are in breach of any provision of the February 2020 License Agreement;
or (v) provide any false report to Stanford. Should any events in the preceding sentence occur, we have a thirty (30) day cure period
to remedy such violation. 

per share, from to (the
 Authorized Shares Increase by filing a Certificate of Amendment (the Certificate of Amendment to its Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. In accordance with the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, the Authorized Shares Increase and the Certificate of Amendment were approved by the stockholders of the
Company at the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 19, 2021. On September 13, 2022, the Company effectuated a 1
for 50 reverse stock split (the Reverse Split ). The Company s stock began trading at the Reverse Split price effective
on the Nasdaq Stock Market on September 14, 2022. There was no change to the number of authorized shares of the Company s common
stock. 

F- 21 

shares of common stock and recognized expense of in stock-based compensation for consulting services,
consisting of capital markets and investor relations. The stock-based compensation for consulting services is calculated by the number
shares multiplied by the closing price on the effective date of the contract. The Company also granted Restricted Stock
Units and, Restricted Stock Units vested which resulted in the issuance of shares. As a result, the Company recognized
expense of in stock-based compensation. The stock-based compensation for shares issued or RSU s granted during the
period were valued based on the fair market value on the date of grant. The Company issued shares in relation to the issuance of
notes (See Note 8). The Company issued shares of common stock as part of the September 2022 Offering (See Note 1). The Company
also issued shares of common stock as a result of the exercise of prefunded warrants from the September 2022 Offering (See Note
1). The Company issued shares of common stock from the exercise of warrant, modification of warrant, and the issuance of warrant.
The Company issued shares of common stock for the settlement of accounts payable. 

shares of common stock and recognized expense of in stock-based compensation for consulting services. The Company
also issued shares of common stock to Stanford University and two employees and recognized expense of relating to the agreement
with Stanford University. The Company also issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants and received 
in cash proceeds. The Company granted Restricted Stock Awards, as a result the Company recognized expense of in stock-based
compensation. The Company granted Restricted Stock Awards of which vested, as a result, the Company recognized expense of 
in stock-based compensation for consulting services. The Company also granted Restricted Stock Units, of which vested and
resulted in the issuance of shares, as a result, the Company recognized expense of in stock-based compensation. (See Note 7)
The Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of a convertible note. (See Note 9) The Company issued shares
of common stock as part of the August 2021 Offering. The Company issued shares of common stock as part of the October 2021 Offering.
The Company issued shares of common stock as part of the December 2021 Offering. The stock-based compensation for shares issued
or RSU s granted during the period, were valued based on the fair market value on the date of grant. 

shares
of preferred stock, par value per share. There were no shares of preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. 

(1) share of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ), par value
 per share, to the Purchaser for in cash. 

votes and will vote together with the outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal to amend the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock. The Preferred Stock will be voted, without action by the holder,
on any such proposal in the same proportion as shares of common stock are voted. The Preferred Stock otherwise has no voting rights except
as otherwise required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

F- 22 

in cash. On September 13, 2022, the
share was redeemed. 

in
consideration for the share of Preferred Stock which was redeemed on September 13, 2022. 

shares of our common
stock pursuant to awards granted under the 2017 Plan. The 2017 Plan is administered by our Board of Directors, and expires ten years after
adoption, unless terminated earlier by the Board of Directors. All shares of our common stock pursuant to awards under the 2017 Plan
have been awarded. 

shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company may be issued
pursuant to Awards granted under the 2021 Plan. The exercise price per share for the shares to be issued pursuant to an exercise of a
stock option will be no less than one hundred percent of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2021 Plan) of a share of Common
Stock on the date of grant. The 2021 Plan was submitted and approved by the Company s stockholders at the 2021 annual meeting of
stockholders, held on May 19, 2021. 

F- 23 

stock option grants, with a weighted average grant date fair value . The fair value of each option granted was estimated
using the assumption and/or factors in the Black-Scholes Model. 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired or forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Vested 

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -

Nonvested on December 31, 2022 

exercisable
options, these options had a weighted average exercise price . 

during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which is
included in general and administrative expenses and is included in research and development expenses in the accompanying
statements of operations. The remaining value to be expensed is with a weighted average vesting term of years
as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to options issued and vesting of during
the year ended December 31, 2021, of which is included in general and administrative expenses and is included in research
and development expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. 

warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants. 

F- 24 

- 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected life in years 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected life in years 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 

Granted 

Exercised 

-

Expired or forfeited 

-

Rounding for Reverse Split 
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

F- 25 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested on December 31, 2022 

during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which is
included in general and administrative and is included in sales and marketing in the accompanying Statements of Operations. The
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to warrants granted and vesting expense of during the year ended
December 31, 2021, which is included in general and administrative in the accompanying Statements of Operations. The remaining value to
be expensed is as of December 31, 2022. The weighted average vesting term is years as of December 31, 2022. 

of its Series C Warrants at a reduced exercise price of per Share (reduced from per share), for
gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million. As an inducement to such exercise, the Company has agreed to reduce the
exercise price of the Holder s remaining Series C Warrants to purchase up to Shares from to per share, which
will be non-exercisable for a period of six months following the closing date. The modification of this exercise price resulted in an
increase of to the fair value of the Series C Warrants. This modification was an inducement on the transaction and as such was
recorded to equity resulting in no net change to additional paid in capital. In addition, the Company issued to the Holder a new warrant
to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, which will be non-exercisable
for a period of six months following issuance date and have a term of five and one-half years. This inducement resulted in a total
increase of to the fair value of the warrants. 

per share to per share. In addition, on December 21, 2022, the Company issued an Amended and Restated
Unit Purchase Option to the agent in the Offering reflecting a reduced exercise price of per Unit. This modification of these
warrants resulted in a increase to the fair value of the warrants (See Note 1). 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested December 31, 2022 

F- 26 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, respectively, of which, is included in general and administrative, is included in research
and development, and is included in sales and marketing in the accompanying Statements of Operations. The remaining value to be
expensed is with a weighted average vesting term of years as of December 31, 2022. 

RSUs. As of December 31, 2022, RSUs vested and the Company issued shares
of common stock for the vested RSUs. 

State income taxes 

Tax Credits 

Permanent Differences/Others 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income taxes 

Tax credits carryforwards 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liability 

Section 174 Capitalization 
 
 -

Loss on impairment of debt 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Right of use assets 

Fixed assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred taxes 

F- 27 

million primarily
due to the generation of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and the capitalization of research and experimental expenditures. 

million and million, respectively, which may be available to
offset future income tax liabilities. The 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA will generally allow losses incurred after
2017 to be carried over indefinitely, but will generally limit the net operating loss deduction to the lesser of the net operating loss
carryover or of a corporation s taxable income (subject to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended).
Also, there will be no carryback for losses incurred after 2017. Losses incurred prior to 2018 will generally be deductible to the extent
of the lesser of a corporation s net operating loss carryover or of a corporation s taxable income and be available
for from the period the loss was generated. The Company has federal net operating losses generated following 2017
of million, which do not expire. The federal net operating losses generated prior to 2018 of million will expire
at various dates through 2037. In addition, net operating losses generated in these years could fully offset prior year taxable
income without the of the taxable income limitation under the TCJA which was enacted on December 22, 2017. The Company has been
generating losses since its inception, as such the net operating loss carryback provision under the CARES Act is not applicable to the
Company. 

million and million, respectively, which
may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and expire at various dates through 2042. 

million federal tax credit carryforwards available to reduce future tax liabilities which expire at various dates through 2042. As
of December 31, 2021, the Company had no federal tax credit carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
state research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, which
may be available to reduce future tax liabilities and can be carried over indefinitely. 

F- 28 

(the Shares ). 

Shares at an average price of per share under the ATM.
The sale of Shares generated net proceeds of approximately after paying commissions and related fees. 

(the
 Future Receipts Purchased Amount for gross proceeds to the Company of , less origination fees of . Pursuant
to the Future Receipts Agreement, the Company granted the funder a security interest in all of the Company s present and future
accounts receivable in an amount not to exceed the Future Receipts Purchased Amount. The Purchased Amount shall be repaid by the Company
in 28 weekly installments of approximately with the final payment due on September 5, 2023. 

shares
of the Company's common stock (the "Independent Consulting Shares"). The issuance of the Independent Consulting Shares will
not be registered under the Securities Act. 

, which includes origination fees of 
(the "April Loan"). Pursuant to the April Loan Agreement, the Company granted the April Lender a continuing secondary security
interest in certain collateral (as defined in the April Loan Agreement). The total amount of interest and fees payable by the Company
to the April Lender under the April Loan (the "April Repayment Amount") will be (i) if paid prior to April 6, 2023,
(ii) if paid prior to April 10, 2023, or (iii) if paid after April 10, 2023 and will be repaid in 20 weekly installments
of commencing on April 10, 2023 and ending on August 21, 2023. 

F-29 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_aditxtinc.htm
 CONSENT OF DBBMCKENNON, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-246324), Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-257645) and Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-266183) of our report dated April 17, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Aditxt, Inc. for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which includes an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about its ability to continue as
a going concern, and appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ dbb mckennon 

Newport Beach, California 

 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_aditxtinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Amro Albanna, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Aditxt, Inc; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Amro Albanna 

Amro Albanna 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_aditxtinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Thomas J. Farley, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Aditxt, Inc; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Thomas J. Farley 

Thomas J. Farley 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_aditxtinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ENACTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Aditxt,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), each of Amro Albanna, Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Thomas J. Farley, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as enacted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Amro Albanna 

Amro Albanna 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Thomas J. Farley 

Thomas J. Farley 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 adtx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 adtx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 adtx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 adtx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 adtx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

