<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1807616_0001213900-23-030000.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1999177</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76360</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>442276</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>377821</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>537517</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>515832</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030000.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417061916
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030000
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hi-Great Group Holding Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807616
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				462218131
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56200
		FILM NUMBER:		23822756

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		621 S. VIRGIL AVE #470
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		213-219-7746

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		621 S. VIRGIL AVE #470
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90005

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030000.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_higreatgroup.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

Commission file number 

HI-GREAT GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 

Phone: 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, Zip
Code Telephone Number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by
check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates: As of most recently completed second fiscal quarter there is no active market for
the registrant s common stock. 

The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s Common Stock
as of April 17, 2023 was . 

HI-GREAT GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 7 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations 
 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 8 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 9 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 9 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 10 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 10 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 11 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 13 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 14 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 15 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 15 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 16 

SIGNATURES 
 
 17 

i 

Part
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used
in this Annual Report, the terms HIGR, we, us, our, our company 
and our business refer, to High-Great Holding Company, including its subsidiaries named herein. Certain statements, other
than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected
operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, 
 estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, 
 will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently
uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to:
changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted
accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance
should not be placed on such statements. 

1 

THE COMPANY 

Our Business 

Hi-Great Group Holding Company (the Company is a development stage enterprise that was originally incorporated, on September 30, 2010, under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

On March 08, 2019, the eight judicial District
Court of Nevada appointed Custodian Ventures, LLC as custodian for Hi-Great Group Holding Company, proper notice having been given to
the officers and directors of Hi-Great Group Holding Company. There was no opposition. 

On March 15, 2019, the Company filed a certificate
of revival with the state of Nevada, appointing David Lazar as, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director. 

On March 20, 2019, the Company issued 70,000,000
shares of common stock to Custodian Ventures, LLC (controlled by David Lazar) at par for shares valued at 70,000 in exchange for settlement
of a portion of a related party loan for amounts advanced to the Company in the amount of 16,100, and the promissory note issued to the
Company in the amount 53,900. 

On October 14, 2019, as a result of a private
transactions, 70,000,000 shares of common stock (the Shares of Hi-Great Group Holding Co. (the Company ),
were transferred from Custodian Ventures LLC to Esther Yang (the Purchaser ). As a result, the Purchaser became a 70 holder
of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company, on a fully-diluted basis, and became the controlling
shareholder. 

On October 14, 2019, and effective October 15,
2019, the existing director and officer resigned. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an officer, ceased to be the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and a Director. At the effective date of the transfer,
Ho Soon Yang consented to act as the new President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Ho Soon Yang was appointed as a Chief Executive
Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chairman of Board of Directors of the Company. 

On February 25, 2020 the Board of Directors via
Written Consent Approved the Addition of Alex Jun Ho Yang to the Board of Directors on the same day, and effective immediately, the following
Officers were appointed, Alex Jun Ho Yang. Chief Executive Officer, Ho Soon Yang, Chief Financial Officer and Esther Yang as Secretary
to the Company. Previously, Ho Soon Yang was the acting President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
of the Company and the sole Director of the Company. 

On April 16, 2020 Esther Yang through a Share
Purchase Agreement sold 65,001,000 of the 70,000,000 shares she had purchased from Custodian Ventures, LLC in the Company to Jun Ho Yang
and Ho Soon Yan. On April 22, 2020 she resigned as Corporate Secretary and Director of the Company. 

On April 24, 2020. Madeline Choi was appointed
as Secretary to the Company by the Current Board of Directors. On September 22, 2022, Madeline Choi resigned as Secretary. Ho Soon Yang
was appointed as Secretary of the Company by the Board of Directors. 

On April 29, 2020, Madeline Choi was transferred
1,000,000 shares from Alex Jun Ho Yang as compensation for serving as Secretary. 

On September 22, 2020 Madeline Choi resigned as
Secretary of the Company and Ho Soon Yang resumed the role of Secretary. 

On April 22, 2022, the Company issued 10,000 shares of common stock
to Dae Jae Lee at par for shares valued at 10,000 

Our Company plans to grow organically through
internet sales of its current worldwide exclusive license agreement with SellaCare, Inc. in the areas of Longevity Health Supplements
and plans to integrate new product lines containing CBD Oils for additional health benefits and also expand into the lucrative cosmetic
sector as an overall sustainable revenue platform as they become a major supplier in each of the three industry sectors. 

2 

Our Website- 

www.HIGRgroup.com 

www.HIGreat.com 

Our Business Objectives 

Our principal business objective is to maximize
shareholders returns through a combination of (1) dividends to our shareholders, (2) sustainable long-term growth in cash flows from distribution
of the products described herein, (3) potential long-term appreciation in the value of our properties from capital gains upon future sales,
(4) other sustainable agricultural business opportunity which the Board of Directors determines to be beneficial to Company, or (5) distribution
of plant-based finished consumer product and integrate the use of specialty herbs into its worldwide health supplement business to include
expansion into the cosmetics sector using multiple herbal oils and compounds. 

Business Overview 

Hi- Great Group Holding
Company believes Agritourism is a field that is growing in popularity as landowners, and farmers try to meet the social and economic demands
of urban residents that are demanding growing space for private organic gardens they can use to grow and harvest food for their families.
They are also looking for a resort experience to take the family in a safe and healthy environment with affordable weekend getaways close
to where they live. 

Agritourism operations
exist throughout the United States and the world. And can be referred to as agritourism is often used interchangeably with
 agri-tourism, agrotourism, farm tourism, agricultural tourism, or agritainment.
The company will provide a weekend gardening resort destination for all types of guests wanting to lease and own a weekend farming getaway
close to the urban Los Angeles and surrounding communities. By combining agriculture and the weekend family farm offers HI Great Group
Holding Company a profitable and predictable revenue stream to enhance its current Organic Supplements Business. In addition, the ability
to single source organic herbs and materials for our proprietary future product lines will save on the cost of new proprietary blends. 

The Concept
of Family Weekend Farm is growing internationally as consumers want to escape the urban work environments and have a weekend getaway to
farm and is also as a family weekend retreat close to key entertainment venues. The Company s current location is close to Los Angeles
and within a one-hour drive to key California Ski Resorts in the winter and a large Lake Resort venue in the spring and summer. The company
plans to partner with companies offering entertainment and family day trips to the local destination resorts. 

The Company
will build out its weekend Farming Resort with space for 3,000 individual gardens hosting a portable cabin of the new members choice and
selected and customized during the Individual Club Membership Process and Initiation. Each New Member will have one to four build out
cottage options depending on size and floor plans to be placed on their individual gardening parcel. The cottages will be built with reclaimed
materials and use reusable shipping containers as part of the portable cottage build out packages. HIGR cottages will use solar panels
when available to reduce members carbon footprint as an option for each member. HIGR will also look entertain the cost of providing the
solar panels in exchange for the solar energy generated by each member. The company looks to partner with leading solar producers in California
and take advantage of all tax credits currently available for Solar Energy and Organic Farming. The Final Phase will be to create a franchise
model for approved Farmland Owners across the Nation and World to buy into a turnkey operation for their privately owned farmland that
is currently unused as the global demand for Clean Organic Weekend Farms is now changing with our new socially responsible culture and
the public is demanding these types of weekend farms. 

The Weekend
Garden Resort will build out will be in Three Phases: 

Phase
One: 

Resort Headquarters, Central Family Area and Club House. 

Communal Restrooms, Showers and Washing Stations for Campers and
Guests. 

Special Family Friendly Entertainment Venues 

Build out of Cabin Models Show Room 

Foundation Preparation for first 1000 parcels 

Create build out facility for shipping container storage and model
build outs. 

Website and Marketing 

Install Internet for HIGR members 

3 

Phase
Two: 

Focus on build out of the next 1,000 parcels regarding planning
and site preparation 

Focus on Marketing and Sales effort using free media such as Internet
and television human interest stories and travel channels. 

Build Garden Center for Organic Co- Op, gardening supplies, daily
or weekend equipment and cart rentals. 

Obtain a partnership with local healthy catering company to lease
a Portable Container in the Clubhouse area for weekend gardeners to dine out with the family. Outdoor and indoor seating for families 

Phase
Three: 

Continue forward with the foundation of the Company s business
plan as a weekend farming destination. 

Onsite portable cottages for full time employees at a reduced rent 

Continue selling memberships and maximizing additional revenue streams 

Start planning and looking for second site in a set criteria location 

Work to build out and lead the Country in Weekend farming destination
travel business by partnering with other like venues across the nation. 

Build out the Turnkey Weekend Farming Franchise Owner Model with
revenue sharing. 

Worldwide Demand for Weekend Family Farms 

Family Weekend Farming
is growing in popularity across the world. Countries such as Germany, the United Kingdom, France,
and Russia have established small-scale agricultural production spaces early on, focusing on urban residents close proximity to
farming and farming villages in urban or rural areas. Based on this, they have systematically developed functions of providing rest areas
and children s education centers as well as mental and physical health. The names of these types of spaces are also called differently
depending on the history and culture of each country. England is called Allotmentgarden and means a divided garden .
And Germany means small garden because it is Klingarten . It originated from the Russian era when Russia granted
land in the name of Dacha , meaning to share . Japan accepts the concept of Kleingarten in Germany and calls
it a citizen farm. In addition, Japan clarifies the definition of citizen farm concept through the Citizen Farm Improvement
Promotion Act, and actively expands and distributes it to foster national sentiment, maintain health, and preserve farmland. In Korea,
there are already weekend farms outside the city however, compared with the forms still being done in these foreign countries,
it is only a beginning stage. Until now, this type of facilities in foreign countries had been referred to as national farms, 
 weekend farms, leisure farms, and hobby farms, but the term family farms was deemed
to be the most appropriate rather than weekend farms. 

Weekend
family farms were divided into three types: urban, suburban, and stay-type family farms. Among the three types, urban and suburban types
are mainly focused on improving the welfare of urban residents, such as providing rest areas and the venue for children s spaces,
but the focus is on revitalizing rural communities by promoting urban and rural exchanges. In the case of stay-type, there is a limit
to being established as a social welfare concept because it is a project designed to attract urban residents to revitalize rural areas. 

The Size of the
California and United States Weekend Family Farming Market is relatively new in execution and concept. Therefore, HIGR Family Weekend
Farm is uniquely positioned to monetize the growth if this sector and become a strong leader in these emerging areas of 

Growing Market Sector
and the Popularity of Agritourism 

Agritourism presents
a unique opportunity to combine aspects of the tourism and agriculture industries to provide a number of financial, educational, and social
benefits to tourists and small family farmers looking for an organic community to be an ongoing part of. Agritourism allows The Company
to generate additional income a relatively new Sector and also enhance its Organic Herbal Supplement Business with direct marketing to
consumers. The Company s Family Weekend Farm with it Members with will also increase local tourism as it is located close to several
family centric weekend venues. 

Intellectual Property 

Company owns the licensing rights to chelated
method: world patent (patent number: 5128139) and uses this patent in the manufacturing of proprietary formulations for nutritional supplements. 

4 

ITEM 1A, RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company s headquarters are located 621
S. Virgil Avenue #470, Los Angeles, CA 90005. Our phone number is (213) 219-7746. Management believes that our current leased property
will be sufficient for its current and immediately foreseeable administrative needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past five
years concerning the Company, our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative
or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities
law violations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

5 

Part
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets under the symbol
 HIGR. 

Holders 

As of the date of this report there were approximately
69 holders of record of Company common stock. This does not include an indeterminate number of persons who hold our Common Stock in brokerage
accounts and otherwise in street name. 

Stock Authorized 

The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock. The total
number of shares of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is One Billion One Hundred Ten Million (1,110,000,000) shares of capital
stock, consisting of One Billion One Hundred Million (1,100,000,000) shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value and Ten Million (10,000,000)
shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value (the Preferred Stock ). 

Dividends 

We have not previously declared or paid any dividends
on our common stock and do not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock
is within the discretion of our board of directors. 

Options and Warrants 

We do not have any outstanding options or warrants. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The Company does not have any equity compensation plans or any individual
compensation arrangements with respect to its Common Stock or Preferred Stock. The issuance of any of our Common Stock or Preferred Stock
is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which has the power to issue any or all of our authorized but unissued shares without
stockholder approval. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent for our Common Stock is Globex Transfer, LLC at
780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, FL 32725. The transfer agent s telephone number is (813) 344-4490. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity
compensation plans 

We do not have any equity compensation plans and
accordingly we have no securities authorized for issuance there under. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not purchase any of our shares of common
stock or other securities during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

6 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

Plan of Operation 

Our principal business objective is to maximize
shareholders returns through a combination of (1) distributions to our shareholders, (2) sustainable long-term growth in cash flows from
distribution of our products, which we hope to pass on to shareholders in the form of distributions, (3) potential long-term appreciation
in the value of our properties from capital gains upon future sale, (4) other sustainable agricultural business opportunity which the
Board of Directors determines to be beneficial to Company, or (5) distribution of plant-based finished consumer product and integrate
the use of CBD Oils into its worldwide health supplement business to include expansion into the cosmetics sector using multiple strains
of CBD oils and compounds. 

For the 12 months following the commencement of
the offering the Company will focus on two areas of operations. These two core business activities will be the continued the sales of
its Nutritional Health Supplements and the build out of the Harvest Island Garden Resort. 

The Nutritional Health Supplements will be sold
primarily online and the new retail website is currently being redesigned and developed to increase internet traffic and customer retention.
For the first 12 months, no additional products will be added to the current supplement line. New branding is in development to update
the marketing and online image and presentment in a very competitive nutritional supplement industry. The Company plans to also update
the customer experience with online videos with 

renown experts in the Patent areas of alkalization,
amino acids, advanced minerals and the use of whole rice concentrates and how these methods and ingredients may help the user increase
overall health and wellness. 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared
to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Sales and Cost of Sales 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 we had 207,854
of sales compared to 264,194 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 112,834
compared to 155,239 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company just recently started to generate revenue in the beginning of 2020. 

Professional fees 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 we incurred
 40,700 of professional fee expenses compared to 58,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of professional fees in the
current period is attributed to an decrease of audit, legal and accounting expenses. 

Rent expense 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 we incurred
 30,000 of rent expense compared to 30,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We signed a lease agreement with Sella Property, LLC
on March 16, 2020. The lease calls for rent payments of 30,000 in annual installments due on the 16 th day of March each year. 

General and administrative 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 we incurred
 21,021 of G A expense compared to 16,560 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the current year is attributed to
an decrease of expenses of the operation. 

Other income (expense) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had interest
expense of 0, compared to interest expense of 307 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

7 

Net income 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had a net income of 3,300 as compared to a net income of 2,579 in the prior period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As reflected in the accompanying financial statements,
the Company has just recently begun to generate revenue. We have an accumulated deficit of 723,396 and had a net income of 3,300 for
the year ended December 31, 2022.. 

We spent 84,612 from operating activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the received 79,098 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We used 58,000 from investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to using 11,250 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We used 55,980 from financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a used cash of 1,220 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues
sufficient to cover its operating costs and is dependent on debt and equity financing to fund its operations. Management of the Company
is making efforts to raise additional funding until a registration statement relating to an equity funding facility is in effect. While
management of the Company believes that it will be successful in its capital formation and planned operating activities, there can be
no assurance that the Company will be able to raise additional equity capital or be successful in the development and commercialization
of the products it develops or initiates collaboration agreements thereon. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates 

Refer to Note 2 of the Financial Statements for a summary of our critical
accounting policies. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

8 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID # F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Profit and Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to the Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

M N VIJAYKUMAR 
 Chartered Accountant 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

Hi-Great Group
Holding Company 

621 Virgil Ave., Ste 470 

Los Angeles, CA 90005 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We audited the accompanying balance sheet of Hi-Great
Group Holding Company the Company as of December 31, 2022 and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for year then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022, and the results of its operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America . The Balance sheet as on 31 st 
December 2021 was audited by another auditor. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements are prepared
using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation
of the liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 723,396 and had a cash flow from operations
amounting to (84,612) for the year ended December 31, 2022. These factors as discussed in Note 3 of the financial statements raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis of Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits. we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

No.37, 1 st Main,
Vinayaka Layout, 3 rd Stage, Vijaynagar, Bengaluru- 560040 

Mobile: 9980949630, Email: vmaganti@icai.org 

F- 2 

M N VIJAYKUMAR 
 Chartered Accountant 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters arising from the current period
of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts
or disclosure that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements.
The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or the accounts or disclosures
to which they relate. 

Related party transactions. 

Company has entered into agreement for Licensing patents
 Future products from related party. The Company has leased property from a company controlled by related party. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

/s/ M. N. VijayKumar, Chartered Accountant April 10 th 2023 

No.37, 1 st Main,
Vinayaka Layout, 3 rd Stage, Vijaynagar, Bengaluru- 560040 

Mobile: 9980949630, Email: vmaganti@icai.org 

F- 3 

HI-GREAT GROUP HOLDING
COMPANY 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 30, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Inventory 

Advances to Suppliers 
 
 -

Receivable from Citi Bank 
 -
 
 -

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Right of use asset operating lease related party 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related party 
 -
 
 -

Notes payable related party 
 -
 
 -

Loan payable related party 
 -
 
 -

Accrued royalty related party 

Deferred revenue 
 -
 
 -

Operating lease obligation, current portion related party 

State Income Tax Payable 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities: 

Operating lease obligation related party 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial
statements. 

F- 4 

HI-GREAT GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

PROFIT AND LOSS 

For the years ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Audited 
 Audited 

Sales 

Cost of sales-royalty related party 

Cost of goods sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Professional fees 

Rent expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expense 

Income (Loss) from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other (expense) income 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per common share basic and diluted
 
 -
 
 -

Weighted average common shares

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited financial statements. 

F- 5 

HI-GREAT GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Co mmon 
 Common 
 Additional 

Stock: 
 Stock: 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Totals 
 
 Balance December 31, 2019 

Net Loss (Restated) 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Adjustment Issuance of Stocks 

Adjustment 

Net Income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Adjustment 

Net Income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
financial statements. 

F- 6 

HI-GREAT GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the twelve months ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from operating activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Amortization of right of use asset operating lease 
 -
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Advances to Suppliers 
 
 - 
 
 Receivable from CitiBank 
 -

Accounts payable related party 

Accrued royalty 

Accrued interest 
 -

Loan Payable 
 -

State Income Tax Payable 
 
 -

Operating Lease Obligation (Current Portion) 

Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Notes receivable Related Party 
 -
 
 -

Right of Use Asset Related Party 

Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from common stock related party 
 -

Proceeds from notes payable related party 
 -

Operating Lease Obligation 
 
 -

Retained Earnings 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes 
 -
 
 -

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental schedule of cash flow information: 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Note receivable-related party 
 -
 
 -

Common stock-related party 
 -
 
 -

Right of use asset operating lease 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial
statements. 

F- 7 

HI-GREAT GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of common stock to Esther Yang in exchange for in
cash. As a result of the sale, there was a change of control of the Company. There is no family relationship or other relationship between
the Seller and the Purchaser. 

of all Gross revenues or , whichever is greater and not less than , beginning April 30, 2020
and payable the 15 th of every month thereafter. 

in annual installments
due on the 16 th day of March each year. 

F- 8 

of gross revenue to SellaCare, Inc.,
its related party. This royalty expense is included in cost of goods sold. 

F- 9 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance
on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.
 The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of Section
740-10-25. 

from Jung Ho Yang. The note bears an interest rate of and matures on . As of December 31,
2020, there is of interest accrued on this note. This note is paid. 

from Sellacare America, Inc. The note bears an interest rate of and matures on As of December
31, 2020, there is of interest accrued on this note. This note is paid. 

As of December 31, 2020, of licensing expense has been accrued. 

in annual installments due on the 16th day of March each year. 

F- 10 

in loan
payable to related party. 

in annual installments due on the 16th day of March each year. 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Total Obligation as of December 31, 2022 

Total Payments Made as of December 31, 2022 

Total Obligation 

Lease Obligation - Current portion 

Add: Lease Obligation Long term 

Total Right of Use of Asset 

F- 11 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

We have had no disagreements (as such term is defined
in Item 304 of Regulation S-K) with our Accountant on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedures. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as
of December 31, 2017. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded such controls
and procedures to be ineffective as of December 31, 2021, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the
Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d- 15 (f) under the Exchange Act, for the
Company. 

Our internal control over financial reporting is the process designed
by and under the supervision of our CEO and CFO, or the persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting - Guidance for Smaller Public Companies. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO,
or the persons performing similar functions, our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2021, and concluded that it is not effective because of the material weakness described below: 

In connection with the preparation of our financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2021, due to resource constraints, material weaknesses became evident to management regarding our lack of
resources and segregation of duties. The Company has not established an audit committee and lacks documentation of its internal control
process. A material weakness is a significant deficiency in one or more of the internal control components that alone or in the aggregate
precludes our internal controls from reducing to an appropriately low level the risk that material misstatements in our consolidated financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

9 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered
public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by
the registrant s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the registrant
to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Evaluation of Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Securities Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. We intend to recruit additional professionals, as our business conditions warrant, to ensure that we include all necessary
disclosure in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe that these corrective steps will enable management
to conclude that the internal controls over our financial reporting are effective when the staff is in place and trained, we cannot provide
assurance that these steps will be sufficient. We may be required to expend additional resources to identify, assess and correct any additional
weaknesses in internal control. 

Important Considerations 

The effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our
internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision
making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of human error, and the risk
of fraud. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate over
time. Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures or internal control
over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material information known in a timely
manner to the appropriate levels of management. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On November 19, 2021, High-Great Group Holding
Company (the Registrant decided to dismiss MICHAEL GILLESPIE ASSOCIATES, PLLC as the Registrant s independent
registered public accounting firm. The reason for the dismissal of MICHAEL GILLESPIE was due to difficulty in working with him that cause
unreasonable delay and several amendments to the previously filed 10Qs. On November 19, 2021, the Company engaged M.S. Madhava Rao as
its independent accountant to provide auditing services for going forward for the Company. Prior to such engagement, the Company had no
consultations with M.S. Madhava Rao. The decision to hire M.S. Madhava Rao was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The
disagreement between the Registrant and MICHAEL GILLESPIE ASSOCIATES on a matter related to accounting principles or practices was
resolved to the satisfaction of Mr. Rao. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

10 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identity of Officers and Directors 

Our bylaws provide that the number of directors who shall constitute
the whole board shall be such number as the board of directors shall at the time have designated. Each director shall be selected for
a term of one year and until his successor is elected and qualified. Vacancies are filled by a majority vote of the remaining directors
then in office with the successor elected for the unexpired term and until the successor is elected and qualified. 

The officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 Positions Held 
 
 Alex Jun Ho Yang 
 (1) 
 57 
 CEO and Chairman 
 
 Ho Soon Yang 
 (2) 
 51 
 CFO, Treasurer and Secretary 

(1) On February 25, 2020, Alex Jun Ho Yang was appointed to the
Board of Director, and as President and Chief Executive Officer, 

(2) On October 14, 2019, Ho Soon Yang consented to act as the President,
CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. On February 25, 2020, Ho Soon Yang resigned as
President, Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary, but remained Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. 

(3) On April 24, 2020. Madeline Choi was appointed as Secretary
to the Company by the Current Board of Directors. On September 22, 2022, Madeline Choi resigned as Secretary. Ho Soon Yang was appointed
as Secretary of the Company by the Board of Directors. 

Director Independence 

We do not have any independent
directors serving on our Board of Director. 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Jun Ho Yang, Chief Executive Officer 
Director . 

With over 25 years of running and starting successful
business Alex Jun Ho Yang is a seasoned executive focused on the profitability of all his ventures Real Estate Company Sella
Property, LLC and his Charitable Foundation, The Christian Herald USA. With his experience in real estate and finance he turned
his expertise into starting and running a successful internet company, rentonweb.com. He continues to remain active his long-time real
estate firm Sella Property, LLC focusing on the California Market. He has founded numerous charities and foundations and has served as
a Founding Pastor at his Church in California, Cornerstone Church, and as a Missionary to Africa. He graduated high school and four-year
degree at Emanuel University in Los Angeles California. From January 2014, to the present, he has been the President of Sella Property,
the real estate property owner. From March 2012, to the present, he has been CEO of The Christian Herald, a Christian based foundation. 

11 

Ho Soon Yang, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer,
and Secretary 

Ho Soon Yang is an experienced executive with
over 25 years of business experience in the fields of importing and exporting She has devoted much her time to importing and exporting
Nutritional Supplements and Specialty materials. She has worked for Sellacare, INC the last 5 years, Inc. In addition, she oversaw all
technology, products and customer service for Sellacare, INC. She attended high school and graduated from Han Yang University in Seoul,
South Korea. From February 2011 to the present, she has been President of SellaCare Inc, 

Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

The Board oversees our business and considers
the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. The Board currently implements its risk oversight function as a whole.
Each of the Board committees, when established, will also provide risk oversight in respect of its areas of concentration and reports
material risks to the board for further consideration. 

Term of Office 

Directors serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors
are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve for one (1) year until the meeting of the Board following the annual meeting
of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

Significant Employees 

We have no significant employees other than our officers. 

Family Relationships 

Alex Jun Ho Yang and Ho Soon Yang are husband
and wife. We expect, as the Company grows to bring in additional unrelated officers and or directors to the Company. 

Director or Officer Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past five (5) years, none of the following occurred with
respect to one of our present or former directors or executive officers: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business
of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two (2) years
prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
court of any competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in
any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),
the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or
commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

Director Independence 

We use the definition of independence 
of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director 
is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the
Company s Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Under
such definitions, we have no independent directors. However, our Common Stock is not currently quoted or listed on any national exchange
or interdealer quotation system with a requirement that a majority of our Board be independent and, therefore, the Company is not subject
to any director independence requirements. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires a company s directors,
officers, and stockholders who beneficially own more than 10 of any class of equity securities of the Company registered pursuant to
Section 12 of the Exchange Act (collectively referred to herein as the Reporting Persons ), to file initial statements of
beneficial ownership of securities and statements of changes in beneficial ownership of securities with respect to the company s
equity securities with the SEC. All Reporting Persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all reports that
such Reporting Persons file with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a). 

12 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We do not currently have an audit committee financial expert, nor do
we have an audit committee. Our board of directors, handles the functions that would otherwise be handled by an audit committee. We
do not currently have the capital resources to pay director fees to a qualified independent expert who would be willing to serve on our
board and who would be willing to act as an audit committee financial expert. As our business expands and as we appoint others
to our board of directors, we expect that we will seek a qualified independent expert to become a member of our board of directors. Before
retaining any such expert our board would make a determination as to whether such person is independent. 

ITEM 11, EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position (a) 
 Year 
 (b) 
 Salary 
 ) (c) 
 Bonus 
 ) (d) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) (e) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) (f) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
 Compensation ) (g) 
 Change in Pensions Value and 

 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) (h) 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) (i) 
 Total ) (j) 
 
 Alex Jun Ho Yang 
 2020 

CEO 
 2019 

Ho Soon Yang, 
 2020 

CFO, Treasurer, Secretary 
 2019 

Madeline Choi, 
 2020 

1,000,000 

1,000,000 
 
 Secretary (From April-September 2020) 

Madeline Choi received 1,000,000 shares as compensation in 2020. There
are no officer or directors of the Company has received any compensation in 2019 

Our directors and officers do not have unexercised options, stock that
has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards. 

We do not currently have a stock option plan. No individual grants
of stock options, whether or not in tandem with stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have been made to any executive
officer or any director since our inception; accordingly, no stock options have been granted or exercised by any of the officers or directors
since inception. 

We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation
intended to serve as incentive for performance. No individual grants or agreements regarding future payouts under non-stock price-based
plans have been made to any executive officer or any director or any employee or consultant since our inception; accordingly, no future
payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreements have been granted or entered into or exercised by our officer or director or employees
or consultants since inception. 

13 

To the knowledge of management, during the past five years, no present
or former director, or executive officer of the Company: 

1. Has filed a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any
state insolvency law, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed by a court for the business or property of such person,
or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation
or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2. Was convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject of a
pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. Was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting,
the following activities: 

i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker,
commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliate person, director or employee of any investment
company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; 

iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or
sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; 

4. Was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring, suspending, or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the
right of such person to engage in any such activity. 

5. Was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action
or by the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated any federal or state securities law, and the judgment in such civil action
or finding by the Securities and Exchange Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

6. Was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action
or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or
finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Director Compensation 

We do not currently pay any compensation to our directors, nor do we
pay directors expenses in attending board meetings. 

Employment Agreements 

The Company is not a party to any employment agreements. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, the number
and percentage of our outstanding shares of common stock owned by (i) each person known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of our
outstanding common stock, (ii) each director, (iii) each named executive officer, and (iv) all officers and directors as a group. Common
stock beneficially owned and percentage ownership was based on our, shares outstanding on December 31, 2022 of 100,000,000. 

Common Stock 
 Direct 
 Indirect 
 Total 
 Percentage 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Executive Officers and Directors (1) 

Jun Ho Yang 
 31,500,000 
 -0- 
 31,500,000 
 31.5 
 
 Ho Soon Yang 
 32,501,000 
 -0- 
 32,501,000 
 32.5 
 
 Madeline Choi 
 1,000,000 
 
 1,000,000 
 1.0 
 
 Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons) 
 65,001,000 
 
 65,001,000 
 65 
 
 Other 5 Holders (2) 

Chihhsiang Tu 
 5,000,000 
 
 5,000,000 
 5.0 
 
 Chugwen You 
 5,000,000 
 
 5,000,000 
 5.0 
 
 Shuchan Yu 
 7,935,250 
 
 7,935,250 
 7.9 
 
 Common stock owned by 5 shareholders (3 persons) 
 17,935,250 
 
 17,935,250 
 17.9 

(1) 621 S. Virgil Avenue #470, Los Angeles, CA 90005 

(2) LIN, JINGPINGLI, ZHONGHE CITY, TAIPEI, TW 

14 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The following information summarizes transactions we have either engaged in for the past two fiscal years or propose to engage in, involving
our executive officers, directors, more than 5 stockholders, or immediate family members of these persons. These transactions were
negotiated between related parties without arm s length bargaining and, as a result, the terms of these transactions
may be different than transactions negotiated between unrelated persons. 

On December 27, 2019, the company obtained a loan
in the amount of 5,000 from Jung Ho Yang. The note bears an interest rate of 5 and matures on November 30, 2020. As of December 31,
2022, this note was paid. 

On January 28, 2020, the company obtained a loan
in the amount of 10,000 from Sellacare America, Inc. The note bears an interest rate of 5 and matures on November 30, 2020 As of December
31, 2022, this note was paid. 

On March 19, 2020, the Company entered in a licensing
agreement with SellaCare, Inc. for the licensing of Patents and all future products developed by the SellaCare, Inc. The licensing agreement
calls for the Company to pay 25 of all Gross revenues or 1,000, whichever is greater and not less than 1,000, beginning April 30, 2020
and payable the 15 th of every month thereafter. As of December 31, 2022, 53,366 of licensing expense has been accrued. 

On March 16, 2020, the Company entered into a
land lease for property located in the unincorporated area in Pearblossom, County of Los Angeles, California, in agreement with Sella
Property, LLC. Sella Property, LLC is an entity controlled by Company s majority shareholder. The lease calls for rent payments
of 30,000 in annual installments due on the 16 th day of March each year. The lease begins March 16, 2020 and matures March
16, 2025. The company has made lease payments of 35,000 as of ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 115,000 in lease payments
remain. 

As of December 31, 2022, there is no loan payable
to another related party. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The following table presents the aggregate fees
billed for each of the last two fiscal years by Madhava Rao our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, in connection with the
audit of our financial statements and other professional services rendered by those accounting firms. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 13,500 
 13,500 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 13,500 
 13,500 

Audit fees represent fees for professional services
rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included
in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements. 

Audit-related fees represent professional services
rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements that are not reported under audit fees. 

Tax fees represent professional services rendered
by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All other fees represent fees billed for products and services provided
by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for the other three categories. 

15 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The audited financial statements of the Company are included in this
report under Item 8. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are included in the footnotes to
the financial statements or are inapplicable or not required. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The following documents have been filed as part of this report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document(1) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document(1) 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document(1) 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document(1) 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document(1) 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document(1) 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
in Exhibit 101). 

16 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HI-GREAT GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jun Ho Yang 

Name: 
 Jun Ho Yang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ho Soon Yang 

Name: 
 Ho Soon Yang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

17 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_higreatgroup.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following is a summary of the rights of
our capital stock as provided in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and certificate of designation 

General 

The Company is authorized to issue two classes
of stock. The total number of shares of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is One Billion One Hundred Ten Million (1,110,000,000)
shares of capital stock, consisting of One Billion One Hundred Million (1,100,000,000) shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value and Ten
Million (10,000,000) shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value (the Preferred Stock ). 

Common Stock 

As of the date of this Form 10-K, the Company
had 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Voting 

The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to
one vote for each share held at all meetings of shareholders (and written actions in lieu of meeting). There shall be no cumulative voting.
The holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to dividends when and as declared by the Board from funds legally available therefor,
and upon liquidation are entitled to share pro rata in any distribution to holders of Common Stock. There are no preemptive, conversion
or redemption privileges, nor sinking fund provisions with respect to the Common Stock. 

Changes in Authorized Number 

The number of authorized shares of Common Stock
may be increased or decreased subject to the Company s legal commitments at any time and from time to time to issue them, by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company entitled to vote. 

Preferred Stock 

The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to
time in one or more series. The Board is authorized to fix the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock and to determine the
designation of any such series. The Board is also authorized to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions
granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock and, within the limits and restrictions stated in any resolution
or resolutions of the Board originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series, to increase or decrease (but not below the
number of shares of such series than outstanding) the number of shares of any such series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series. 

Currently, no preferred shares have been designated
or issued. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_higreatgroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Jun Ho Yang, hereby certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hi-Great Holding Company: 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jun Ho Yang 

Name: 
 Jun Ho Yang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Ho Soon Yang , hereby certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hi-Great Holding Company: 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ho Soon Yang 

Name: 
 Ho Soon Yang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_higreatgroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Hi-Great
Holding Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, to the best of their knowledge, that: 

1. The Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the
 Report of the Company complies in all material respects with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jun Ho Yang 

Name: 
 Jun Ho Yang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ho Soon Yang 

Name: 
 Ho Soon Yang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 higr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 higr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 higr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 higr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 higr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

