<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230427_10-K_edgar_data_1670196_0001477932-23-002932.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1592490</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62235</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>380213</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>383428</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>309676</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>424339</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002932.hdr.sgml : 20230427
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230427142319
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002932
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230427
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230427

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Deseo Swimwear Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001670196
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		IRS NUMBER:				473812711
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-210419
		FILM NUMBER:		23855199

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1710 RHODE ISLAND AVENUE NW
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202-999-6598

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1710 RHODE ISLAND AVENUE NW
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002932.txt : 20230427

10-K
 1
 dswr_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

dswr_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transaction period from ___________ to __________ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 1001 Yamato Road, Suite 100A, Boca Raton, Florida 33496 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of April 17, 2023 the Company has shares of common stock issued and outstanding. DESEO SWIMWEAR INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 6 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 6 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 6 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 6 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 6 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 7 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 7 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 7 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 9 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 10 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 11 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 11 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 12 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 13 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 13 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 15 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 15 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 16 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 17 SIGNATURES 18 2 Use of Certain Defined Terms Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to Deseo Swimwear Inc. , we, us, our, our Company, Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, could, should, would, may, seek, plan, might, will, expect, anticipate, predict, project, forecast, potential, continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or that our objectives and plans will be achieved, and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Business Overview Deseo Swimwear Inc. Deseo or the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 20, 2015. We are a designer, manufacturer and marketer of Dominican Republic inspired swimwear. Our swimwear will be used on the beach, as well as in general recreational settings. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. In the event we do not raise any proceeds, the Company s existing cash will not be sufficient to fund the expenses related to maintaining a reporting status and to implement its planned business. Accordingly, the Company intends to implement a different business plan. We have not earned any revenues to date. Our independent registered public accountant has issued an audit opinion which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Subsequent to the year end on March 24, 2023, the Company entered into an IP Asset Contribution Agreement IP Contribution Agreement with Blue Circle Enterprises B.V., a private limited liability company (the Contributor ), to effect the acquisition of certain of the Contributor s intellectual property assets, including patents pending, patents in preparation, proprietary technology, development plans, and contractual rights (the Acquired Technology ). Termination of Material Contract Subsequent to the year end February 17, 2023, Deseo and its affiliates entered into a series of agreements with Cody Development Corp,, a Louisiana corporation Cody and its sole shareholder Steven Ricks, pursuant to which Mr. Ricks contemplated the contribution to Deseo 100 of the capital stock of Cody to the Company. The agreements between the Company and Cody and Mr. Ricks were terminated and waived as of February 17, 2023, and the parties agreed to a mutual release of all claims related thereto. Corporate History Deseo Swimwear Inc. (the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 20, 2015 and established a fiscal year end of December 31. The Company is organized to design, manufacture and sell Dominican Republic inspired swimwear. As of September 16, 2021, Suzanne Cope resigned as the Corporations director, President; concurrent with Suzanne Cope s resignation as director, President, Secretary and Treasurer. Concurrent with Ms. Cope s resignation, the Corporation appointed Michael Rosen, as President, Secretary and Treasurer and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Subsequent to the year end on February 17, 2023, the previous sole officer of the Company, Michael Rosen, resigned his positions with the Company. Upon his resignations, John Ioannis Neocleous was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and Secretary and Director of the Company. Subsequent to the year end on March 24, 2023, The Company entered into an IP Asset Contribution Agreement IP Contribution Agreement with Blue Circle Enterprises B.V., a private limited liability company (the Contributor ), to effect the acquisition of certain of the Contributor s intellectual property assets, including patents pending, patents in preparation, proprietary technology, development plans, and contractual rights (the Acquired Technology ). 4 Table of Contents Recent Developments Capital Stock The Company has 1,000,000 preferred shares authorized with a par value of 0.001. The Company has 200,000,000 common shares authorized with a par value of 0.001 per share. On October 23, 2021, a Special Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company and the Board of Directors approved an Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to authorize 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. No shares have been issued to date. Preferred Shares Designation. The designation of said series of preferred stock shall be Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock Number of Shares. The number of shares of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock authorized shall be ten thousand (10,000) shares. Each share of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock shall have a stated value equal to 0.001 (as may be adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) (the Series A Stated Value Dividends. Initially, there will be no dividends due or payable on the Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock. Any future terms with respect to dividends shall be determined by the Board consistent with the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation. Any and all such future terms concerning dividends shall be reflected in an amendment to this Certificate, which the Board shall promptly file or cause to be filed. On March 13, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada increasing the authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001, to 200,000,000. Subsequent to the year end, on March 23, 2023 the Company obtained written consent by the holder of the majority of the voting power of the Company's capital stock approving the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to its Amended Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to increase the authorized shares of common stock from 200,000,000 to 500,000,000. 5 Table of Contents Patent and Trademarks We do not currently own any domestic or foreign patents relating to our proposed products. Employees As of December 31, 2022, other than its President, Mr. Michael Rosen, the Company has no other employees. Subsequent to the yearend on February 17, 2023, Mr. Michael Rosen resigned all his positions and with the Company. Upon his resignations, John Ioannis Neocleous was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, Treasurer and Secretary, and Director of the Company. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The Company does not own any real estate or other properties and has not entered into any long-term lease or rental agreements for property. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. Our address for service of process is 1710 Rhode Island Avenue NW, 2 nd floor, Washington DC, 20036. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock was not quoted on any exchange or trading platform and therefore no data is available for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Plan of Operations Termination of Material Contract Subsequent to the year end February 17, 2023, Deseo and its affiliates entered into a series of agreements with Cody Development Corp,, a Louisiana corporation Cody and its sole shareholder Steven Ricks, pursuant to which Mr. Ricks contemplated the contribution to Deseo 100 of the capital stock of Cody to the Company. The agreements between the Company and Cody and Mr. Ricks were terminated and waived as of February 17, 2023, and the parties agreed to a mutual release of all claims related thereto. Change of Control Subsequent to the year end on February 17, 2023, the previous sole officer of the Company, Michael Rosen, resigned his positions with the Company. Upon his resignations, John Ioannis Neocleous was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and Secretary and Director of the Company. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Subsequent to the year end on March 24, 2023, The Company entered into an IP Asset Contribution Agreement IP Contribution Agreement with Blue Circle Enterprises B.V., a private limited liability company (the Contributor ), to effect the acquisition of certain of the Contributor s intellectual property assets, including patents pending, patents in preparation, proprietary technology, development plans, and contractual rights (the Acquired Technology ). 7 Table of Contents Going Concern Conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations, deficit in equity, and the need to raise additional capital to fund operations. The going concern opinion could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt or equity securities. Results of Operations Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 We did not earn any revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisting primarily of office and general expense of 48,450 for a net loss of 48,450. The 2022 expenses were comprised of professional fees of 46,235 and filing fees of 2,215. Compared to expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisting primarily of office and general expenses total 36,444 and less other income of 9,250 from forgiveness of accounts payable resulting in a net loss of 27,194. The 2021 expenses were comprised of 30,106 in professional fees; filing fees of 2,398; and transfer agent expenses of 3,940; less other income of 9,250 from forgiveness of accounts payable. The increase in expenses from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2021 was primarily due to an increase in professional fees due to the potential acquisition. Capital Resources and Liquidity Since our director may be unwilling or unable to loan or advance us additional capital, we believe that if we do not raise additional capital over the next 12 months following the filing of this annual report, we may be required to suspend or cease the implementation of our business plans. As of December 31, 2022, we had nil of cash compared to nil of cash as of December 31, 2021. We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from financing activities will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. To date, the Company has incurred operating losses since inception of 230,981. As at December 31, 2022, the Company has working capital deficit of 212,626. The Company requires additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Management has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. We expect to incur marketing, professional, and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require additional funds during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results. Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have to cease business operations. As a result, investors in the Company s common stock would lose all of their investment. 8 Table of Contents Off Balance Sheet Arrangements There are no off-balance sheet arrangements currently contemplated by management or in place that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the business, financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, result of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures and/or capital resources. Recent Accounting Standards The Company has implemented all new accounting standards that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting standards that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 9 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The full text of the Company s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. DESEO SWIMWEAR INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (firm ID F-1 Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Statements of Operations Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 10 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Deseo Swimwear, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Deseo Swimwear, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has a working capital deficit of 212,626 and has reported an accumulated deficit of 230,981. The Company had a net loss of 48,450 and had net cash used in operating activities of 37.638, for the year ended December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We did not identify any critical audit matters that need to be communicated. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. April 26, 2023 CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ASSOCIATES also d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC TAMPA BAY : 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite 102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 JACKSONVILLE : 4720 Salisbury Road, Suite 223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 ORLANDO: 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite 300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 SOUTH FLORIDA : 2000 Banks Road, Suite 218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 www.assurancedimensions.com F-1 Table of Contents DESEO SWIMWEAR INC. BALANCE SHEETS As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Due to related party TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and Contingencies (Note 2) STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized None issued and outstanding Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital (deficiency) Accumulated deficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents DESEO SWIMWEAR INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended, December 31, 2021 OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES Forgiveness of accounts payable NET LOSS LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC AND DILUTED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents DESEO SWIMWEAR INC. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Number of shares Amount Capital (deficiency) Accumulated Deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2020 Net loss - Balance, December 31, 2021 Net loss Balance, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents DESEO SWIMWEAR INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Forgiveness of accounts payable Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Advances from related party NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET CHANGE IN CASH CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, END OF PERIOD The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents DESEO SWIMWEAR INC NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 Basis of Presentation Risks and Uncertainties Use of Estimates and Assumptions Cash and Cash Equivalents Earnings (Loss) per Common Share F-6 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Standards of the capital stock of Cody to Deseo. The Company was then indebted to Jon Darmstadter a significant shareholder of the Company( Darmstadter for loans made in the amount of . On , Ricks Investments paid on behalf of Deseo in partial payment of the debt and agreed to pay the balance on the closing of the transactions with Cody and its affiliate. The transactions proposed by the Contribution Agreement, and all related agreements, were not consummated. Subsequent to the year end, the Contribution Agreement, and all related agreements, between the Company and Cody and Mr. Ricks were terminated and waived as of February 17, 2023, and the parties agreed to a mutual waiver and release of all claims related thereto. As part of the wavier and released, Mr Ricks was paid the he previously paid to Mr. Darmstadter on behalf of the Company. and has reported an accumulated deficit of . The Company requires additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of private placements and advances from related parties as may be required. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. for expenses paid on behalf of the Company. The Company also owed another former CEO 12,560 for expenses paid behalf of the Company as of December 31, 2022. In additional, the Company owed a shareholder for expenses paid on behalf of the Company (which shareholder acquired the debt owed to the former CEO in the amount of and as a result, such shareholder is owed an aggregate of as of December 31, 2022). The balances due are unsecured and non-interest-bearing with no set terms of repayment. preferred shares authorized with a par value of . The Company has common shares authorized with a par value of per share. On October 23, 2021, a Special Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company and the Board of Directors approved an Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to authorize shares of preferred stock, par value per share. No shares have been issued to date. F-7 Table of Contents par value per share (the Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock Number of Shares. The number of shares of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock authorized shall be ten thousand ) shares. Each share of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock shall have a stated value equal to (as may be adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) (the Series A Stated Value Dividends. Initially, there will be no dividends due or payable on the Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock. Any future terms with respect to dividends shall be determined by the Board consistent with the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation. Any and all such future terms concerning dividends shall be reflected in an amendment to this Certificate, which the Board shall promptly file or cause to be filed. On March 13, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada increasing the authorized shares of common stock, par value , to . Subsequent to the year end, and on March 23, 2023 the Company obtained written consent by the holder of the majority of the voting power of the Company's capital stock approving the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to its Amended Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to increase the authorized shares of common stock from to . Less: valuation allowance Net deferred income tax asset The amount taken into income as deferred income tax assets must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more likely-than-not to be realized from future operations. The Company has chosen to provide a full valuation allowance against all available income tax loss carry forwards. The Company has recognized a valuation allowance for the deferred income tax asset since the Company cannot be assured that it is more likely than not that such benefit will be utilized in future years. The valuation allowance is reviewed annually. When circumstances change and which cause a change in management's judgment about the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance is generally reflected in current income. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has no unrecognized income tax benefits. The Company s policy for classifying interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits is to include such items as tax expense. No interest or penalties have been recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and no interest or penalties have been accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. F-8 Table of Contents Income tax rate Income tax benefit at statutory rate Valuation allowance Provision for income taxes The Company has not filed its federal and state tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2022, The Net operating losses NOLs for these years will not be available to reduce future taxable income until the returns are filed. Assuming these returns are filed, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of federal net operating losses that may be available to offset future taxable income. . For losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, the net operating loss carryforward has an indefinite life. However, the utilization of the net operating loss carryforward is limited to of taxable income. F-9 Table of Contents NOTE 7 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued) to . Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On March 24, 2023, the Company entered into an IP Asset Contribution Agreement IP Contribution Agreement with Blue Circle Enterprises B.V., a private limited liability company, which is controlled by Mr. Neocleous (the Contributor ), pursuant to which the Company acquired certain of the Contributor s intellectual property assets, including patents pending, patents in preparation, proprietary technology, development plans, and contractual rights, in exchange for the issuance of shares of Company common stock. The IP Asset Contribution Agreement is filed as an exhibit the Form 8-K.filed on March 28, 2023 with the SEC. F-10 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISLCOSURES There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants regarding our accounting, financial disclosures or any other matter. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In connection with this annual report, as required by Rule 13a -15d and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our company s disclosure controls and procedures. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our company s management, including our company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, our company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management conducted the assessment based on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. As of December 31, 2022, our controls over our financial reporting were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the Company s Principal Executive Officer in connection with the audit of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and communicated the matters to our management. Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an affect on the Company s financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the Company s determination to its financial statements for the future years. 11 Table of Contents We are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes that have affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Subsequent to the year end, on February 17, 2023, the previous sole officer and director of the Company, Michael Rosen, resigned his positions with the Company. Upon such resignations, John Ioannis Neocleous was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, Treasurer and Secretary, and Director of the Company. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None 12 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our executive officers and director are as follows: Name Age Position John Neocleous 51 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Michael Rosen 55 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors On February 17, 2023, the previous sole officer of the Company, Michael Rosen, resigned his positions with the Company. Upon his resignations, John Ioannis Neocleous was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and Secretary and Director of the Company. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, Mr. Neocleous, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. Involvement in Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, there have been no material legal proceedings during the last ten years that would require disclosure under the federal securities laws that are material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or executive officers. Potential Conflicts of Interest We are not aware of any current or potential conflicts of interest with Mr. Neocleous or other business interests and his involvement with Deseo Swimwear Inc. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table Deseo Swimwear Inc. has made no provisions for paying cash or non-cash compensation to its sole officer and director. No salaries are being paid at the present time, and none will be paid unless and until our operations generate sufficient cash flows. The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the period from inception through December 31, 2022. Summary Compensation of Named Executive Officers Name and Principal Position Fiscal Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Michael Rosen, Present, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer 2022 - - - - - 0 Michael Rosen, President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer 2021 - - - - - 0 The current sole officer and director, Mr. Neocleous, was not involved with the Company during fiscal 2021 or 2022 and therefore, received no compensation. 13 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End We did not pay any salaries in 2022 and 2021. None of our executive officer(s) received any equity awards, including, options, restricted stock, performance awards or other equity incentives during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for Deseo Swimwear Inc. Employment Contracts At this time, Deseo Swimwear Inc. has not entered into any employment agreements with its sole officer and director. If there is sufficient cash flow available from our future operations, the company may enter into employment agreements with our sole officer and director or future key staff members. Stock Awards Plan The company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. Director Compensation The Board of Directors of the Company has not adopted a stock option plan. The company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted, this may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the power to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that any such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. Deseo Swimwear Inc. may develop an incentive-based stock option plan for its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our directors for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the period inception (April 20, 2015) through December 31, 2022. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Michael Rosen 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Suzanne Cope (former director) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Board Committees We have not formed an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. Our Board of Directors performs the principal functions of an Audit Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee financial expert on our Board of Directors. We believe that an audit committee financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring an audit committee financial expert to act as one of our directors and to be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee financial expert at this time. 14 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each director and named executive officer, (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding common stock of the Company as of December 31, 2022. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Generally, a person is considered to beneficially own securities: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, and (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31, 2022 are deemed to be outstanding but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Common Stock (1) Directors and Officers No. of Shares of Class Michael Rosen (2) 38,500,000 59.93 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasure, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors; 1001 Yamato Road, Suite 100A, Boca Raton, Florida, 33496 All officers and directors as a group 38,500,000 59.93 (1) Based on 64,242,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. (2) On February 14, 2023, Mr. Rosen sold these shares to Mr. Darmstadter, who in turn sold such shares to Mr. Neocleous on February 17, 2023, As a result, Mr. Neocleous holds approximately 54 of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, and as such it is able to unilaterally control the election of our board of directors, all matters upon which shareholder approval is required and, ultimately, the direction of our Company. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Transactions with Related Persons Our president and sole director provides office space at no charge to the Company in Washington DC. Our registered agent s business office in the United States is located at: 1700 Rhode Island Avenue NW 2 nd floor, Washing DC 20036. Our telephone number is: (202) 999-6568. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a former CEO paid 26,263 and 19,000, respectively, of expenses on behalf of the Company, and a second former CEO paid 12,560 of expenses on behalf of the Company. The balances due are unsecured and non-interest-bearing with no set terms of repayment. During the period ending December 31, 2021 the former CEO sold/assigned their shareholder loan of 127,304 to a separate shareholder of the Company. The same shareholder paid 37,638 in expenses on behalf of the Company. Total amount owed by the Company to the shareholder as of December 31, 2022 is 164,942. The balance due is unsecured and non-interest-bearing with no set terms of repayment. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. Fees paid to Auditors Audit Fees For the year ended December 31, 2021, audit fees were 30,500. For the year ended December 31, 2022, audit fees were 19,786. The SEC requires that before our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. We do not have an Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees paid during 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by our Board. 16 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Please see the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference, following the signature page for a list of our exhibits. 17 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Deseo Swimwear Inc. Dated: April 26, 2023 By: /s/ John Ioannis Neocleous John Ioannis Neocleous President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Date /s/ John Ioannis Neocleous April 26, 2023 John Ioannis Neocleous President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 18 EXHIBIT INDEX 3.1 Articles of Incorporation [1] 3.2 By-Laws Inc. [2] 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). [1] Incorporated by reference from the Company s S-1 filed with the Commission on October 5, 2020. [2] Incorporated by reference from the Company s S-1 filed with the Commission on October 5, 2020 Included in Exhibit 31.1 Included in Exhibit 32.1 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dswr_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 dswr_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, John Ioannis Neocleous, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Deseo Swimwear Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Deseo Swimwear Inc. Dated: April 26, 2023 By: /s/ John Ioannis Neocleous John Ioannis Neocleous President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 dswr_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 dswr_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, John Ioannis Neocleous, President and Chief Executive Officer of Deseo Swimwear Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. the annual report on Form 10-K of Deseo Swimwear Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Deseo Swimwear Inc. Deseo Swimwear Inc. Dated: April 26, 2023 By: /s/ John Ioannis Neocleous John Ioannis Neocleous President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 deseo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 deseo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 deseo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 deseo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

