<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230626_10-K_edgar_data_1677897_0001575872-23-001038.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10812642</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108937</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>935718</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7183462</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1120968</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1222076</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575872-23-001038.hdr.sgml : 20230626
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230626135631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575872-23-001038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230626
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230626

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UPAY
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001677897
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				371793622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55747
		FILM NUMBER:		231041420

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3010 LBJ FWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9728886052

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3010 LBJ FWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75234

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575872-23-001038.txt : 20230626

10-K
 1
 upyy-20230228.htm
 FORM 10-K

UPAY 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the annual period ended , 2023 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from __ to __.

Commission File Number

(Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices)

(Company s telephone number, including area code)

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 x
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of March 1, 2023 0.50) per share), the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 

As of June 16, 2022, there were 
 
 shares outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PART I 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 10 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

PART II 
 11 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 11 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 
 Item 7a. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 13 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 14 
 Item 9a. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 14 
 Item 9b. 
 Other Information 
 14 

PART III 
 15 
 Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 15 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 17 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 18 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 19 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 20 

PART IV 
 21 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 21 
 Signatures 
 22 

UPAY, Inc.

Form 10-K

In this report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock.

As used in this report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us , UPAY, Company , and us refer to UPAY, Inc.

P ART 1

I TEM 1. BUSINESS

Organization

We were incorporated in the state of Nevada on July 8, 2015. On November 4, 2015, we conducted the Share Exchange with Rent Pay, which became our wholly owned subsidiary

Industry Background

United States

Americans borrowed nearly 29 billion from payday lenders in 2017, paying 5 billion in fees, according to estimates by John Hecht, an analyst at the financial services firm Jefferies - 
 www.jefferies.com

South Africa

As of December 31, 2020, the industry data for the year, ending December 31, 2019 estimates the unsecured credit and short-term credit market in South Africa, to be around US 5.35billion (conversion rate as of December 31, 2020) (78.6-billion-rands in South Africa) for that year https://www.ncr.org.za/documents/CCMR/CCMR 202020Q4.pdf

Our Mission

Our mission is to provide loan administration software to credit providers, retail stores, provisional service industry (doctors, lawyers, accountants) with a high-quality credit management software systems and customer support that will enable such industries to effectively operate and manage their business and credit risk in compliance with applicable US federal and state laws and the National Credit Act in South Africa.

Recent Developments

(a)

 On 1 March 2023 we appointed Randall F. Greene as our director and Chief Operations Officer. 

(b)

 Completed the development of our standalone funeral cover software program The standalone funeral cover software program will be launched in July 2023 and will enable us to sell funeral cover products directly to the public in South Africa, through our existing Juristic Representative agreement in place. Funeral cover is an insurance product that insures a person s life, in order for his family who are the beneficiaries of the insurance product, to be able to cover the expenses associated with the funeral. 

Products and Services

South African Business Operation:

Our South African subsidiary, Rent Pay (Pty) Ltd, currently provides a web-based client and loan administration software platform, the Automated Credit Provider Administration System, to registered lenders in South Africa, which we market under the name ACPAS .

1 

Our customer base consists of customers with physical branch outlets as well as online customers with lending websites. ACPAS was designed to bridge the gap between traditional standalone administration platforms, payment gateways, credit bureaus and other third-party service providers through this fully automated software platform.

We provide a cloud-based loan origination software system that is compliant with all applicable legislation and enables our customers to grant loans, sell products, pay bills or pay monthly subscriptions on terms, all within our software system. Our software platform features integrated third-party service providers are, for example, registered payment gateways, credit bureaus, two-way texting, credit protection insurance and decision-making platforms. We also develop tailor-made web sites for our customers that is fully integrated with our ACPAS system. Our system also includes basic accounting and bookkeeping functionality.

In an effort to reduce the cost of our US operations, in November 2021, we decided to close the sales office in Grapevine Texas and to only keep the registered Dallas office at this point in time. As of February 2022, we no longer pursue US sales and operations because of: (a) the resignation of our previous Chief Executive Officer, Wouter Fouche, in February 2022 who was to direct our planned US operations and the need to appoint new staff; (b) need to raise adequate funding to pursue and complete a successful US rollout; and (c) our current staff resources are restrained and the time difference between the US and South Africa and the location of all our staff resources in South Africa and the lingering effects of Covid presents difficulties. We will focus most of our sales effort in Southern Africa, first to expand in Southern Africa. We are currently also looking at potential expansion opportunities in the US since our appointment of Randall Greene as our Chief Operating Officer/Director. 

Products in South Africa

1.

 Loan Origination System

ACPAS Automated Credit Provider Administration System. This is our management software system that we lease on a monthly basis to our customers that they use to manage their businesses, clients and processes.

2.

 Theme Studio - Business Online

Customized websites that we develop for our customers that are fully integrated with our ACPAS system to provide our customers with a public platform to interact and transact with their clients daily.

3.

 Credit Inquiries

We are a reseller of credit bureau products. We provide our customers with a base within the ACPAS software system to conduct consumer credit inquiries to make informed credit decisions about whether or not to grant credit to an applicant. We buy these credit inquiries in bulk from the credit bureau and resell the transactions to our customers at a markup price.

4.

 Credit Protection and Life Insurance

We act as an agent for a registered insurance company and provide our customers with functionality within the ACPAS software system that enables our customers to sell credit protection insurance or life insurance products to consumers when securing credit. We receive monthly commission on all insurance sales generated through our system on a referral basis.

5.

 Debit order transaction fees

In South Africa, we are a registered Third-Party Payment Provider (TPPP) and charge a fee for debit order transactions that we facilitate between parties. This is a percentage-based fee that we charge for every installment due for repayment, that we successfully collect by debit order from the bank account of consumers for their benefit.

6.

 Development Service Fee Staff Services

We offer custom software development and general administration staff services to customers for development or administration services to be offered on a monthly basis.

2 

US Operational Cost/Restructuring:

In order to reduce the cost of our US operations, we decided to close the sales office in Grapevine Texas and to only keep the registered Dallas office at this point in time. As of February 2022, we decided to no longer pursue US sales and operations, apart from our one US client, that we will keep in Texas, as we will focus on our African expansion in the near future. The US client that we have, is currently supported from our South African support centre.. 

Planned Business Operations in Africa

Revenue

Description

South Africa Revenue Segment

ACPAS - Monthly License Fee

43.23

ACPAS Installation and Setup fee (One-time charge)

79.80

Transaction Fee (Ave CTC /CTM per successful transaction)

2.8

Ave volume of transactions/per month/per branch

500

Commission on insurance

Variable

(A transaction is defined as: a successful debit order collection through our debit order platform)

We will also provide custom website development services on a per quote basis.

Sales and Marketing Strategy South Africa

We provide a cloud-based loan origination software platform that enables businesses to grant loans, sell products, pay bills and monthly subscription on terms. Our marketing activities to date in South Africa have primarily consisted of contacting potential sales leads and making presentations and attending a yearly conference that we do with Micro Finance South Africa. We also run monthly Google ads and Facebook marketing campaigns, through external marketing companies.

Since August 2017, we have regularly posted videos and digital media files each month to continuously attract viewers and continue to do so.

We plan to also become members of OLA (Online lenders Alliance) and the CFSA (Community Financial Services Association of America) once adequate funding is available to establish contact with lenders within our target market and enable us to market our products and services through their network as well.

Social Media Applications

We will use social media and apps to connect with leads and our customers on a more personal level. We currently make use of two marketing companies to promote our brand on social media platforms in South Africa and plan to do the same in the US.

Blog Posts

Create and maintain interesting blog posts to attract leads.

Webinars

We will attract potential customers by hosting webinars on interesting industry topics and by engaging with customers and potential customers face to face, by sharing quality information and having discussions on relevant industry matters. We purchased GoToMeeting and use this tool to interact with potential clients doing webinars.

Email Campaigns Newsletters

We will signup customers and leads interested in our product through value added newsletters and email campaigns.

Events

We will arrange in-person marketing events together with industry leaders and opinion makers that will ensure personal interaction opportunities with potential clients that could result in a high conversion rate and quality leads on. During 2017, 2018, and 2019, 2020, 2021,2022 and 2023, we attended conferences and engaged with industry leaders.

3 

Seasonality

We do not have a seasonal business cycle in South Africa. 

Raw Materials

We do not use raw materials in our business.

Target Market

Our target market consists of:

Online lenders;

Storefronts lenders;

Retail establishments

Lawyers, doctors, accountants; and

Athletic or other clubs that charge monthly fees

Reliance Upon One or a Few Customers

During our Fiscal Year 2023, 4 customers accounted for 62.59 of our revenues business in South Africa, as follows:

4 

Customer Mar 2022 Feb 2023

Customer

Percentage

Customer 1

22

Customer 2

18

Customer 3

12

Customer 4

11

Employees

We have 16 full-time employees: (a) our CEO/CFO, Jacob C F lscher; (b) 1 operational director; (c) 1 financial director; (d) 1 scientific programmer; (e) 4 systems engineers; and (f) 2 accounting/bookkeeping person, 2 assistants, 4 Software developers. Our scientific programmer and system engineers and 3 Software developers will continue to provide support and technical assistance and modifications to our current ACPAS system and support development of future products and our current software. Most of our employees are located at our South African office working directly for the South Africa office.

To be Hired Employees

Contingent upon our revenues and adequate financing, we plan to hire 3 additional developers 2 sales representatives, 4 technical support staff members, 2 training consultants and 1 national sales manager.

Geographic Territory

Our products and services have been offered since June 2008 in all South Africa provinces and will continue to be so offered.

Competition

Our primary competitors in South Africa are

Compuloan

Delter

Mycomax

Each of the above competitors sell credit related software that is sold to lenders.

Competitive Advantages

We are a Cloud based system and there is no need for physical installation;

For the past 10 years we have designed a software system that incorporates regulatory guidelines, affordability guidelines on an ongoing basis in South Africa, which we can adapt to a US software credit system;

South Africa has a non-paying culture as evidenced by market data.

Competitive Disadvantages

Our competitors in South Africa, including those mentioned above, have greater operational, financial and personnel resources than we do;

Apart from the POC, we don t have any operations in the US;

We will have substantial development of our business and software program to adopt to the various states; and

We have not tested our marketing or our product in the US.

5 

Government Regulation

Our customers products and services are subject to extensive US local, state and federal regulation and South African regulations. The regulation of the loan products and services industry is intended primarily for the protection of consumers and is constantly in flux as new regulations are introduced and existing regulations are repealed, amended, and modified.

South Africa Credit Regulations (The National Credit Act)

The National Credit Act NCA regulates the South Africa credit industry and was designed to protect consumer in the credit market and make credit and banking services more accessible. The Purpose of the NCA Act is to: promote a fair and non-discriminatory marketplace for access to consumer credit; regulate consumer credit and improve standards of Consumer information; prohibit certain unfair credit and credit marketing practices; promote responsible credit granting and use; prohibit reckless credit granting; provide for debt re-organization in case of over-indebtedness; to regulate credit information; and establish recourse for unfair credit practices. The NCA does this by simplifying and standardizing credit agreements and information disclosure; providing for the use of simple language that is easy to understand for comparing credit agreements from different credit providers; ensures all credit products are handled in the same way by credit providers; assisting over-indebted Consumers to restructure their debt with the help of a Debt Counselor (DC) and encourage responsible lending; regulates credit bureaus in terms of their Consumer information and records; establishing the National Credit Regulator (NCR) to regulate the entire credit market; and establishing the National Consumer Tribunal (CT) to adjudicate on Consumer complaints and disputes with credit providers, contraventions of The Act and decisions of the Regulator.

The NCA affects anyone dealing with the credit industry such as credit grantors, credit grantees and intermediaries. The NCA defines a credit agreement broadly as any installment purchase agreement of goods or services, as well as the extension of credit in the form of money i.e. home loans, personal loans, credit cards, store cards and short-term loans. Therefore, a credit agreement applies to any party involved in the credit agreement which is classified into three categories namely incidental credit agreements; intermediate agreements; and large credit agreements.

Credit Providers include banks, micro lenders, retailers such as furniture and clothing stores, all businesses, companies, close corporations, partnerships and individuals who do business on credit, provide loans or charge interest on overdue accounts. Consumers Include natural person, companies, close corporations, trusts (with more than three individual trustees), partnerships and an association of persons whose asset value or annual turnover, together with the combined asset value or annual turnover of all related juristic persons, at the time the agreement is made, equals or exceeds the threshold value of 1 million rands.

The NCA lists a number of consumer rights, which are protected by the Act. A party who breaches Consumer rights protected by the NCA commits an offence in terms of credit law, which enables Consumer recourse through the established dispute channels. The following are Consumer rights protected in the NCA:

To apply for credit

To be protected against discrimination in the granting of credit

To be informed why credit has not been granted, should you ask

To receive a free copy of your credit agreement

To receive a credit agreement in plain and simple language

To have your personal and financial information treated confidential

To understand all fees, costs, interest rates, the total installment and any other details

To say no to increases on your credit limit

To decide whether or not you want to be informed about products or services via telephone, SMS, mail or e-mail campaigns

To apply for debt counseling should you be overwhelmed by debt

6 

The key points of the NCA are:

1. Marketing

The NCA restricts and prohibits certain practices of loan canvassing such as door to door selling, uninvited canvassing at workplaces or homes. The NCA also increased control over marketing practices and advertisements such as automatic credit limit increases and negative option marketing i.e. if you do not decline, we will assume you agree. In addition, the National Credit Act provides for clear and understandable marketing communication. Consumers must receive a detailed written quote, which is valid for 5 business days, to enable quote comparisons from different credit providers.

2. Capped Interest Rates and Other Fees and Charges

The NCA effectively caps the interest rates, fees and other charges, which credit providers, can charge, depending on the type of credit and when the credit was granted. The maximum interest rate, in most cases, is based on a formula, which is dependent on the SA Reserve Bank Repurchase (Repo) rate at the time that the credit was granted. Essentially, there are seven rate categories namely mortgage agreements; credit cards/facilities; unsecured credit transactions; short-term credit transactions; developmental credit agreements; other credit agreements and incidental credit agreements. The NCA places a cap on the maximum amount that a credit provider can charge for other fees such as initiation fees, monthly service, and default and collection costs. While a loan protection policy is permitted, the charges must be reasonable and the Consumer may use/cede an existing insurance cover.

3. 
 Loan Application

The NCA requires credit providers to supply simple contracts that are easy to understand, in official languages and the Consumer must receive a free copy. Consumers are also entitled to a reason, on request, when the credit provider denies credit. The NCA requires credit providers to do due diligence to ensure the Consumer can afford the loan and all loans must be recorded on a register to prevent Consumers becoming over-indebted.

4. Reckless Lending

Credit providers are in contravention of the NCA and may be judged guilty of reckless lending if the Consumers ability to afford loan repayments is not assessed before granting credit. Credit providers may be subject to severe penalties and may even forfeit their right to recover the debt if they are judged guilty of reckless lending. However, Consumers who failed to fill in the loan application fully and honestly are not protected by the NCA.

5. Debt Counselor Counseling

The NCA gives Consumers the right to apply for financial management and debt counseling assistance if he or she is unable to pay their debts. The Debt Counselor (DC) is registered by the NCR after successful course and exam completion. Debt counselors will help over-indebted Consumers restructure/rearrange their debt repayments, this process can be voluntary or made an order of the court.

All DCs must be registered with the National Credit Regulator and fees are prescribed in terms of the NCA. Consumers must understand and accept the process, charges and payments before undergoing debt counseling. Once the Consumer has signed for debt counseling, the credit bureau is notified, and the Consumer will be unable to obtain further credit for the duration of debt counseling until the process is finalized/withdrawn.

6. Credit Bureau

The NCA requires all credit bureau to be registered with and submit reports to the National Credit Regulator. Credit bureau are required to ensure data is accurate at all times and that inaccurate information is immediately removed without cost to the Consumer after the Consumer has lodged a complaint. The NCA regulations stipulate how Credit bureau information is obtained, used, and for how long it should remain on a Consumer s profile.

In addition, Consumers are eligible for one free credit report from each credit bureau each year to effectively manage their credit profiles.

7 

7. The National Credit Regulator and the Consumer Tribunal

The NCA established the NCR to regulate the credit industry and ensure that credit providers comply with the NCA. In addition, the NCR is responsible for investigating and evaluating Consumer complaints about alleged contraventions of the NCA by credit providers. All credit providers, credit bureau and debt counselors must register and report to the NCR.

In addition to the NCR, the NCA established the Consumer Tribunal with equal status to a court of law to hear and adjudicate on: applications made in terms of the NCA by consumers; credit providers and credit bureau; debt counselors and the NCR including applications for interim relief and a review of the NCR s decisions; matters referred to by the NCR or complaints related to allegations of prohibited

Research and Development

Since our inception, we have had no research and development expenses.

Patents and Intellectual Property/Trademarks/Licenses/Franchises

We do not currently own any patents and have no intention of applying for patents. We rely upon our trade secrets for our technology. We currently have no trademarks. We are not a party to any license, royalty or franchise agreements.

Material Agreements

Verbal Agreement with Wouter Fouche

We had a verbal agreement with our previous Chief Executive Officer, Wouter Fouche, to pay him a monthly salary of 9,500 for our fiscal year 2022 based upon available funds.

However, Wouter Fouche resigned from all positions on February 3, 2022, including from all positions at any subsidiaries or affiliates, pursuant to a February 3, 2022, Share Purchase and Separation Agreement (the Agreement ). In the Agreement, Wouter Fouche sold 7,125,000 of his 9,125,000 shares and three million seven hundred thousand (3,700,000) of MiWay Finance shares to us that were owned by Wouter Fouche for 240,000, which we have agreed to pay with a 150,000 cash payment within 10 days of the Effective Date and 10,000 per month for 9 consecutive months commencing April 1, 2022;
 Wouter Fouche retained an amount of 2,00,000 UPAY, Inc. shares pursuant to the Agreement. The 2,00,0000 of our shares are locked up for a period of eighteen (18) months from the closing date of the agreement and thereafter no more than five thousand (5,000) of the Retained Shares may be sold per month. The Agreement also provides for non-circumvention, non-derogation, non-solicitation provisions and Mr. Fouche will never solicit any of our employees, customers or vendors for any other business, work or project of any kind and shall take no action to interfere with, disrupt or harm our business in any manner. Further, Wouter Fouche will keep confidential, any and all information in his knowledge or possession about us or our business, finances or operations, our employees, officers, directors or agents. Wouter Fouche s resignation was not in connection with any disagreement with our management regarding us, our operations, policies or practices.

Verbal Agreement with Jacob C F lscher

We had verbal agreement with our Chief Financial Officer, Jacob C. F lscher, to pay him a monthly salary of 9,500 for our fiscal year 2021 based upon available funds. There will also be a 13 th
 check as an annual bonus of 9,500 per year. Additionally, we verbally agreed to pay Jacob C. F lscher a 10,000 relocation expense for relocating to the US, if applicable. The monthly salary and 10,000 relocation expense are the sole terms of this verbal agreement. In addition, following the resignation of our former CEO Mr. Fouche, Mr F lscher has also taken up the role of CEO and Mr. F lscher currently also serves as our CEO.

Share Exchange Agreement with Rent Pay (Pty) Ltd

On November 4, 2015, we completed a Share Exchange Agreement with Rent Pay (Pty), Ltd Rent Pay ), a South African company, and Rent Pay s shareholders, which are South Africa Trusts controlled by our officers. In the Share Exchange, we exchanged 200,000 shares of our common stock for all of Rent Pay s outstanding shares (1,000 shares), 500 of which were in the name of the Loantech Trust, a trust controlled by our officer, Wouter Fouche, and 500 shares in the name of F lscher Family Trust, a trust controlled by our other officer, Jacob F lscher. As a result of the share exchange, Rent Pay become our wholly owned subsidiary of UPAY

8 

Consulting Agreement with Ferdinand Labuschagne

We have a June 3, 2016 consulting agreement with Ferdinand Labuschagne to perform business advisory services in return for 300,000 restricted common stock shares that were issued and two million cashless warrants exercisable at 3.50 with an exercise period of 2 years following the effectiveness notice from the SEC, at which time the warrants will be issued. The exercise period has since expired on December 6, 2020. The 300,000 shares are subject to a Dribble Out Agreement providing that Ferdinand Labuschagne agrees not to sell during each quarter after the lock up period more than 10 of its shares then held and not more than 1,500 shares per day. The shares and the warrants are locked up for a period of 2 years following the date when the company s shares are publicly traded. As disclosed, Ferdinand Labuschagne is Wouter A. Fouche s brother-in-law and the consulting agreement is a related party transaction.

Software Services Agreement with Fourier Systems (Pty) Ltd

We have a January 18, 2016 Software Services Agreement with Fourier Systems (Pty) Ltd Fourier ), a software services company located and registered in South Africa. In the agreement, Fourier agreed to provide services to develop the software for a US Loan Administration System and a Payment Gateway System in return for 1,800,000 restricted common stock shares, 1,000,000 shares of which will be recorded in book entry at our transfer agent within 10 days of the development completion of all functionality of the Loan Administration System and 800,000 shares of which will be recorded in book entry at our transfer agent within 10 days of the development completion of the our Payment Gateway. The relationship between us the company and Fourier has since come to an end and no development on the project was performed by Fourier, rendering the agreement cancelled.

Website/Software Services Agreement with Twin Harbor Web Solutions, Inc.

We have a January 1, 2016 Website/Software Services Agreement with Twin Harbor Web Solutions, Inc. Twin Harbor) providing that Twin Harbor will provide software and website development services involving website design and basic website setup for our ACPAS system. The agreement provides that we will pay Twin Harbor: (a) 35 per month to be billed annually for website hosting; (b) 750 for website setup; (c) an initial 2,000 payment to build the master website and the plug in with all of our web services; and (d) upon completion of the master website with all plugins, we will issue 30,000 restricted common stock shares.

Asset Purchase Agreement with Twin Harbor Web Solutions, Inc

We have an April 16, 2018 Asset Purchase Agreement with Twin Harbor Web Solutions, Inc, where we acquired the software known as Theme Studio from Twin Harbor Web Solutions in exchange for 2,000,000 restricted common stock shares. The software acquired includes a customizable client loan or product website with templates that include a client and document management platform as well as an electronic document signature solution. This means that we now own all right, title and deed to the Theme Studio software and can further develop the platform.

Software Acquisition Agreement with Finbond Mutual Bank

We have a January 9, 2019 Software Acquisition Agreement with Finbond Mutual Bank, where Finbond will acquire a copy of the current UPAY software, for 240,279. Our subsidiary, Rent Pay (Pty) Ltd, will then further develop and customize the software at an agreed development rate per hour. Upon successful completion of the further development, Finbond will use the software in their South African operations. Finbond paid a deposit to initiate the project of 141, 341.

Agreements with James Byrd 

We have a February 5, 2021 share purchase and services agreement with James S Byrd, PA (Consultant), where the company appointed the Consultant, for a period of 18 months from the date of the agreement, to provide legal, business, strategic and other consulting services to Company to assist the Company, by providing the names of possible financing capital sources for the Company s growth and expansion plans, assist and advise on any potential up-listing, merger or acquisition that the company may pursue in future and assist in the preparation of documents pertaining thereto. The consultant will also assist the Company in developing corporate governance practices and strategies and assist with the preparation of documents to affect corporate governance measures, including those that will be consistent with an up-listing and review, edit, and comment on Regulation A offering document and amendments prepared by the Company s securities counsel and provide advice on US distribution agreements for the Company s products and refer possible US distributors for its products in the US.

9 

In consideration and exchange for the Consultant s services and a cash investment of 30,000 by the Consultant in UPAY, the Company agreed to issue One million (1,000,000) shares of common stock in the Company to the Consultant, effective upon execution of the agreement.

We also had an October 11, 2021 Director Agreement with James S Byrd, for a period of 12 months, through October 11, 2022, to serve as director on the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Byrd is to perform such duties and responsibilities as are customarily related to such position in accordance with Company s bylaws, Code of Ethics, and applicable law, including, but not limited to, assisting the Company in the following: (a) obtaining DTC eligibility for the Company s common stock; (b) assisting in the Company s Regulation A filing; (c) advise the Company on its public company and business needs. Jim Byrd was paid 5000 per month for his services.

On November 2, 2022, we decided not to renew the James Byrd Director Agreement for an additional 12 months of Board Service, which decision was not in connection with any disagreement with our management regarding us, our operations, policies or practices. 

We have a 
 September 1, 2022 
 Director Agreement with Pieter A Swanepoel, for a period of 12 months, through 
 August 31, 2023
 , to serve as our director . Mr. Swanepoel is to perform such duties and responsibilities as are customarily related to such position in accordance with Company s bylaws, Code of Ethics, and applicable law, including, but not limited to, assisting the Company in the following: 
 (a) assisting the Company with its cash flow planning and forecasts for budget and financial planning purposes; (b) assisting in the Company with preparing financial information ; (c) advise the Company on group structuring and business and financial needs (collectively, the Services ). 

 Mr. Swanepoel will be paid 
 100, 000 (One Hundred Thousand) restricted common shares of the Company, over a 12-month period, 
 for his services.

We have a 
 March 1, 2023 
 Director Agreement with Randall F Greene, for a period of 12 months, through 
 February 29, 2024
 , to serve as our director. We also have a March 1, 2023 Officer Agreement with Randall F Greene to serve as our Chief Operations Officer COO ). Pursuant to these agreement, Randall Greene is to perform such duties and responsibilities as are customarily related to those positions, including, but not limited to, assisting us in the following: a) identifying and assessing potential acquisitions ; (b) assisting in as Regulation A filing if pursued; (c) advise and assist us on public company and business strategy; (d) represent us as our as COO, including to establish its business presence in the US, (e) assist us in opening bank accounts (f) establish business relationships with service providers and establish other business relationships; . Randall Greene will be paid 100,000 shares for his Director Agreement for the 12 month period and 700,000 shares in return for his COO services. 

I TEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

As a Smaller Reporting Company , we are not required to provide this information.

I TEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

As a Smaller Reporting Company , we are not required to provide this information.

I TEM 2. PROPERTIES

We pay monthly rent of 70.40 per month for our Texas office. Our office is adequate for our current needs. Our lease is on a month-to-month basis.

Rent Pay s offices are located at Centurion, South Africa and comprised of 2905 square feet. The South Africa offices are composed of reception area, two boardrooms, one sales and, support floor, an administration office and 3 separate offices for management and three toilets. There is also a fully fitted kitchen and entertainment area. Rent Pay pays monthly rent of 1,776 and its lease expires on 31 January 2025. The total office space currently is 2905 square feet as of 1 February 2021.

I TEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting us, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.

I TEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not Applicable.

10 

P ART II

I TEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Effective as of June 7, 2021, we became quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol, UPYY . 

Common Stock

As of February 28, 2023, our common stock was held by 53 stockholders of record and we had 
 17,190,211
 
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to stockholders in the foreseeable future. In addition, any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as the Board of Directors deem relevant. There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends.

I TEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 229.10(f) (1) and are not required to provide the information required by this Item.

I TEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objections of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.

Forward-looking statements may include the words may, could, estimate, intend, continue, believe, expect or anticipate or other similar words and may include:

projections about accounting and finances;

plans and objectives for the future;

projections or estimates about assumptions relating to our performance; or

our opinions, views or beliefs about the effects of current or future events, circumstances or performance.

These forward-looking statements present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except for our ongoing securities laws, we do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking statement.

11 

Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any or our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. The factors impacting these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:

Our results are vulnerable to economic conditions;

Our ability to raise adequate working capital;

Loss of customers or sales weakness;

Inability to achieve sales levels or other operating results;

The unavailability of funds for capital expenditures;

Operational inefficiencies;

Increased competitive pressures from existing competitors and new entrants;

You should view these statements with caution. These statements are no guarantees of future performance, circumstances or events. They are based on facts and circumstances known to us as of the date the statements are made. All aspects of our business are subject to uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which we do not control. Any of these factors, either alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on us and could change whether any forward-looking statement ultimately turns out to be true. Additionally, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of future events, circumstances or developments. The following discussion should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto. Outlined below are some of the risks that we believe could affect our business and financial statements for 2020 and beyond and that could cause actual results to be materially different from those that may be set forth in forward-looking statements that we make.

GENERAL

Recent Developments

Overview

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders.

Inflation

The amounts presented in the financial statements do not provide for the effect of inflation on our operations or financial position. The net operating losses shown would be greater than reported if the effects of inflation were reflected either by charging operations with amounts that represent replacement costs or by using other inflation adjustments.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included herein for our fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

The recent accounting pronouncements applicable to the Company are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included herein for our fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

12 

COMPARATIVE RESULTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2022 AND 2023

Results of Operations: For the year ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Revenues

Our revenues for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 29, 2022 were 1,359,991 and 1,458,809, respectively, reflecting decreased revenues of 98,818, which decreased revenues are primarily attributable to the weakening of the Rand to the Dollar exchange rate and the fact that our revenue is generated in South African Rand. 

Net Profit/Net Loss

We had a net loss of (135,487) for the year ended February 28, 2023 and a net loss of (368,851) for the year February 29, 2022, reflecting a decreased net loss of 233,364, which decreased net loss is primarily attributable to a decrease in general and administrative expenses. We had a working capital deficit of (387,233) and (269,594) at February 28, 2023 and February 29, 2022, respectively. The (387,233) of working capital deficit in fiscal year 2023 is primarily attributable to an increase in the current portion of notes that became payable in the period. 

Operating Expenses

We incurred total expenses of 874,362 and 1,276,525 for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 29, 2022, respectively, reflecting a decrease of 402,163 from fiscal year 2023 to fiscal year 2022. The decrease in total expenses from the prior fiscal year is primarily attributable to 819,826 of general and administrative expenses from fiscal year 2023 compared to 1,221,079 from fiscal year 2022, representing a 401,253 decrease in general and administrative expenses.

Our net cash flows used in operating activities was (360,436) for the year ended February 28, 2023 compared to cash flows provided by operating activities of 788,818 for the year ended February 29, 2022, representing a decrease of net cash flowed used in operating activities of 1,149,254.

Our net cash provided by investing activities were (7,177) and (4,096) for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 29, 2022, respectively, reflecting a 3,081 increase in net cash used in investing activities. 

Our net cash provided by financing activities was 29,592 and 83,459 for the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and February 29, 2022, respectively, representing a 53,867 decrease from fiscal year 2023 to fiscal year 2022.

We estimate that we will have operating costs of 1,086,923 from June 15 , 2023 to the remainder of fiscal year 2023 assuming we receive sufficient funding.

Going forward, our monthly estimated cash needs of 132,846 over the next 12 months from June 2023 to June 2024 including the following estimated expenditures:

Description

Amount

Rent 24,000

2900

Phone 11,675

1000

IT 28,500

600

Legal fees 32,000

3500

Salaries 387,450

50000

SEC reporting 48,000

6000

These estimated expenditures are based upon current expenses and anticipated increases and growth.

We plan on meeting our cash needs over the next 12 months, including our SEC reporting costs, through our current cash position of 209,913 as of June 14, 2021 and our existing business in South Africa although we cannot provide any assurances whatsoever that we will generate sufficient revenues to meet these cash needs.

I TEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f) (1) and are not required to provide the information required by this Item.

13 

I TEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

UPAY, Inc.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Table of Contents

Index

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7 

F-1 

R EPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and

 Shareholders of UPAY, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of UPAY, Inc. (the Company) as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, statement of stockholders equity and accumulated other comprehensive loss, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended February 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended February 28, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company suffered a net loss from operations which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below are matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Going Concern

Due to the net loss for the year, the Company evaluated the need for a going concern.

Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgement given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses which are not able to be substantiated.

As discussed in Note 2, the Company has a going concern due to net loss during the year during the year ended February 28, 2023.

Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgement given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenue and expenses, which are difficult to substantiate.

To evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information along with management s plans to mitigate the going concern and management s disclosure on going concern.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018.

June 26, 2023

F-2 

UPAY, Inc.

C onsolidated Balance Sheets

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)

February 28,

 2023

February 28, 

 2022

ASSETS

Current Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable, net of allowance

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total Current Assets

Equity Method Investment (Note 3)

Property and Equipment, Net (Note 4)

Right-of-use Assets, Net (Note 5)

Deposit (Note 12)

Total Assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current Liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Due to related parties (Note 6)

Taxes payable

Current portion of lease liabilities (Note 8)

Current portion of notes payable (Note 7)

Current portion of notes payable Related party (Note 6)

Total Current Liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities

Lease Liabilities (Note 8)

Notes Payable (Note 7)

Total Liabilities

Stockholders 
 Deficit

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized;

 shares issued and outstanding

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized;

 shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively.

Common Stock Issuable

Additional Paid-in Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

Total Stockholders Deficit

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-3 

UPAY, Inc.

C onsolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)

Year

Year

Ended

Ended

February 28,

February 28,

2023

2022

Revenue

Cost of Revenue

Gross Profit

Expenses

Amortization of right-of-use assets (Note 5)

Depreciation (Note 4)

General and administrative

Total Expenses 

Loss Before Other Income (Expenses) and Income Taxes

Other Income (Expenses)

Interest income

Interest expense

Gain on settlement of lease (Note 8)

Gain on disposal of equipment

Gain on equity method investment (Note 3)

Loss Before Income Taxes

Provision for income taxes

Net Loss

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

Comprehensive Loss

Net Loss Per Share Basic and Diluted

Weighted-average Common Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4 

UPAY, Inc.

C onsolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)

Accumulated

Additional

Common

Common

Other

Common Stock

Paid-in

Stock

Stock

Accumulated

Comprehensive

Shares

Amount

Capital

Issuable

Subscribed

Deficit

Loss

Total

Balance February 28, 2021

Issuance of common stock for cash

Issuance of common stock for cash and services

Cancellation of common stock

Net loss

Foreign currency translation adjustments

Balance February 28, 2022

Acquisition of Miway Finance Inc.

Cancellation of common stock

Common stock issued for services

Common stock issuable for services

Settlement of related party note payable

Net loss

Foreign currency translation adjustments

Balance February 28, 2023

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5 

UPAY, Inc.

C onsolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)

Year

 Ended

 February 28,

 2023 

Year

 Ended

 February 28,

 2022

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net Loss

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Amortization of right-of-use assets

Common stock issued or issuable for services

Depreciation

Gain on disposal of equipment

Gain on equity method investment

Gain on settlement of lease

Interest expense on lease liability

Deposits

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Accounts payable related party

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Purchase of property and equipment

Proceeds received on disposal of property and equipment

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Proceeds from shareholder promissory note

Proceeds from promissory notes

Payment for cancellation of common stock

Repayment of lease liabilities

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash

Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information:

Interest paid

Income taxes paid

Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities:

Promissory note transfer from related party to non-related party

Return and cancellation of common stock

Settlement of related party note payable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-6 

. As at February 28, 2023, the Company did not have any cash held in U.S. institutions in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 

(2022 - ).

Computer software

Office equipment

Vehicles

Furniture and fixtures

The Company periodically performs impairment testing on its long-lived assets either annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 360. All property and equipment assets were deemed recoverable at February 28, 2023, and 2022.

The Company periodically performs impairment testing on its long-lived assets either annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 360. All right-of-use assets were deemed recoverable at February 28, 2023, and 2022.

shares of Miway Finance Inc. Miway at per share for a purchase price of , representing a ownership interest. The Company previously accounted for its investment under the equity method.

Pursuant to the Share Purchase and Separation Agreement described in Note 11, the Company received shares of common stock of MiWay Finance, Inc. from the former CEO on March 2, 2022, increasing the Company s ownership interest to . As a result, the Company obtained control over Miway and consolidated the balances and results of Miway effective March 2, 2022. 

Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are reported at their historical carrying amounts and any difference between the proceeds transferred is recognized in additional paid-in capital. 

Accounts payable

Net assets assumed

At the time of acquisition, the Company had paid a total of for its ownership interest in Miway. Upon consolidation, the difference between the investment of and the net assets assumed of was recognized in additional paid-in capital.

Effective May 31, 2022, the Company s ownership interest in Miway decreased to and the CEO of the Company became the majority shareholder of both the Company and Miway. As a result of the common ownership, the change in control was considered a common-control transaction and was outside the scope of the business combination guidance in ASC 805-50. The entities are deemed to be under common control as of May 31, 2022, which was the date that the majority shareholder acquired control of the Company and Miway and, therefore, held control over both companies.

Pursuant to ASC 250-10 and ASC 805-50, the transaction resulted in a change in the reporting entity and was recognized retrospectively for all periods during which the entities were under common control. For common-control transactions that result in a change in the reporting entity and for which both receiving entity and the transferring entity were not under common control during the entire reporting period, it is necessary to determine which entity is the predecessor. The predecessor is the reporting entity deemed to be the receiving entity for accounting purposes in a common-control transaction. The predecessor is not always the entity that legally receives the net assets or equity interests transferred. Comparative financial information shall only be adjusted for periods during which the entities were under common control. Since common control between the Company and Miway did not occur until the current period, the comparative information does not need to be combined. Accordingly, for periods in which the combining entities were not under common control, the comparative financial statements presented are those of the entity that is determined to be the predecessor up to the date at which the entities became under common control. The Company was determined to be the predecessor entity and, therefore, was deemed to be the receiving entity for accounting purposes. Since the entities were consolidated immediately prior to the change of control, there was no impact from the common control transaction. 

Computer software

Furniture and fixtures

Motor vehicle

Office equipment

Total 

During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded depreciation expense of (2022 - ). During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company acquired of computer equipment, of furniture and fixtures, of office equipment, and of motor vehicle which was previously leased. During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company disposed of computer equipment with a net book value of for proceeds of , resulting in a gain on disposal of equipment of .

F-12 

Right-of-use vehicles (finance lease)

Total 

During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded rent expense of (2022 - related to Company s right-of-use building and amortization expense of (2022- related to the Company s right-of-use vehicles. During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company settled a lease obligation on a right-of-use vehicle with a carrying value of and a remaining lease liability of 
, resulting in a gain on settlement of lease of . 

, which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and matured on . As at February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal is (2022 and the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which is included in due to related parties. 

b)

 On September 7, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note with the former CEO of the Company for , which was unsecured, bears interest of per annum and was to mature on . On March 2, 2022, the promissory note and accrued interest of were forgiven as part of the Share Purchase and Separation Agreement described in Note 11. As at February 28, 2023, the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which was included in due to related parties. 

c)

 As at February 28, 2023, the Company owed (2022 to the former CEO of the Company for expenses incurred or expensed paid on behalf of the Company, which was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. On March 2, 2022, these expenses of were forgiven as part of the Share Purchase and Separation Agreement described in Note 11.

d)

 On September 7, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note with the CEO of the Company for , which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and matured on March 7, 2022. As at February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal is (2022) and the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 which is included in due to related parties. 

e)

 On February 11, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with the CEO of the Company for , which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and matured on February 11, 2023. As at February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal is 
 (2022) and the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which is included in due to related parties. 

f)

 On April 14, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note with a company controlled by a Director of the Company for , which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and matured on October 13, 2021. During the year ended February 28, 2022, an addendum was entered into to extend the maturity date to October 13, 2023. As at February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal is (2022 and the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which is included in due to related parties . 

g)

 On February 11, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with a company controlled by a Director of the Company for , which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and matures on . As at February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal is 
 (2022) and the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which is included in due to related parties. 

, which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and had an original maturity date of October 13, 2021
. The maturity date was amended to , during the year ended February 28, 2022. As at February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal is 
(2022 and the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which is included in due to related parties.

i)

 On May 2, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with a company controlled by a Director of the Company for , which is unsecured, bears interest of 
 per annum and matures on March 2, 2023. As at February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal is and the Company has recognized accrued interest of , which is included in due to related parties. 

j)

 On September 9, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with a company controlled by a Director of the Company for , which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and matures on September 9, 2023. As at February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal is 
 and the Company has recognized accrued interest of , which is included in due to related parties. 

k)

 During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company incurred salary expenses of (2022 to the former CEO of the Company.

l)

 During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company incurred salary expenses of (R (2022 (R )) and (2022 of consulting fees to the CEO of the Company.

m)

 During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company incurred directors fees of (2022 to a Director of the Company.

n)

 During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company incurred directors fees of (2022 to a Director of the Company pursuant to a Director Agreement (Note 11).

, which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and matured on May 20, 2021. During the year ended February 28, 2022, an addendum was entered into to extend the maturity date to .
 
 As at February 28, 2023, the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.

b)

 On May 27, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with the U.S. Small Business Administration for , which is secured by the assets of the Company, bears interest of per annum and matures on May 27, 2050. Instalment payments, including principal and interest, of 380 per month will begin 12 months from the date of the promissory note. As at February 28, 2023, the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.

c)

 On October 22, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note with a third-party lender for , which is unsecured, bears interest of per annum and matured on April 26, 2022. During the year ended February 28, 2022, an addendum was entered into to extend the maturity date to . As at February 28, 2023, the Company has recognized accrued interest of (2022 ), which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.

(R and (R ). The motor vehicle leases are classified as finance leases. The interest rate underlying the obligation in the leases are both per annum. During the year February 28, 2023, the Company paid a total of (2022 - in principal and interest payments on the two motor vehicle leases.

On November 14, 2022, the Company settled one of the motor vehicle finance leases for a settlement fee of (R resulting in a gain on settlement of (R ). Upon the payment of the settlement fee, the vehicle title was transferred immediately to the Company and has been allocated to the Company s property and equipment to be depreciated over the remainder of its useful life.

On February 1, 2021, the Company entered a lease with a renewal option for office space in South Africa. The term of the renewal agreement is for an additional and commences on February 1, 2023. Rental payments are due at the beginning of each month and increase at an annual rate of . The base monthly rental rate is (R for the first year, (R in the second year, (R in the third year, and (R in the final year of the lease. On January 26, 2023, the Company executed the renewal option for two additional years of its lease, commencing on February 1, 2023. Rental payments are due at the beginning of each month. The base monthly rental rate is (R for the first year and (R in the second year. The office space lease was classified as an operating lease. The interest rate underlying the obligation in the lease was per annum.

2024

2025

Net minimum lease payments

Less: amount representing interest payments

Present value of net minimum lease payments

Less: current portion

Long-term portion

shares of common stock at per share for proceeds of , which was received at February 28, 2021.

b)

 On April 15, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock at per share pursuant to a share purchase and service agreement for cash proceeds of , which was received at February 28, 2021, and 18 months of consulting services of which of common stock issuable was accrued at February 28, 2021. During the year ended February 28, 2022, the Company recognized consulting expense of .

c)

 On February 15, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock from the former CEO of the Company, pursuant to the Share Purchase and Separation Agreement described in Note 11.

Share transactions for the year ended February 28, 2023:

a)

 On March 2, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock from the former CEO of the Company, pursuant to the Share Purchase and Separation Agreement described in Note 11.

b)

 On January 25, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for services with a fair value of , pursuant to a Director Agreement (Note 11).

2

3

4

2

3

4

5

The Company s receivables were concentrated among three customers as at February 28, 2023, and four customers February 28, 2022:

Customer

February 28
 , 

 2023

1

2

3

Customer

February 28, 

 2022

1

2

3

4

shares of common stock of the Company and shares of common stock of MiWay Finance, Inc., for , payable with a cash payment within 10 days of the Effective Date closing date and (b) per month for 9 consecutive months commencing April 1, 2022; (c) the Company will pay the former CEO current salary through February 2022; (d) former CEO shall retain ownership of shares of the Company s common stock subject to a lockup/leak out whereby the former CEO is prohibited from selling any of the Shares for a period of 18 months and thereafter, shall be permitted to sell no more than shares per month. In addition, the former CEO agreed to forgive the promissory note and accrued interest entered on September 7, 2021 (Note 6(b)) with the Company, as well as in expenses incurred on behalf of the Company (Note 6(c)). As of February 28, 2022, the Company received of the shares of common stock of the Company. The transaction closed on March 2, 2022, and the Company received the remaining shares of common stock of the Company and shares of common stock of Miway Finance Inc. 

b)

 On September 1, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a new director for a term of 12 months. In consideration for the services to be provided, the Company agreed to pay the director restricted shares of common stock that will vest bi-monthly over the months. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse the director for all reasonable business expenses incurred during the term in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement guidelines. During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of . As at February 28, 2023, the Company recognized shares issuable of representing shares still payable for the period for services rendered under the Director Agreement for the period from January 2023 to February2023. 
 The effective date of the Director's agreement is September 1, 2022 and the compensation is for the 12 months. The shares that were already issued were issued for a 4 month period from 1 September 2022 to December 2022 and the remainder that still needs to be issued is for the remainder of period that is 2 months. 

Management has evaluated commitments and contingencies and is unaware of any legal matters or other contingencies requiring disclosure through period-end.

(R deposit to set up an electronic funds transfer debit facility with a vendor, which does not require a physical facility. The deposit will remain for as long as the Company uses the facility. 

F-16 

for the year ended February 28, 2023 (2022 ). Given the short history of the Company and the uncertainty as to the likelihood of future taxable income, the Company has recorded a valuation reserve against the anticipated recovery from the use of the net operating losses. The Company will evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation allowance on an annual basis and adjust the allowance as considered necessary. The Company s US net operating loss is approximately (2022 at February 28, 2023, which starts to expire in .

Effect of Operating Losses

Foreign Income Tax

Income tax recovery at statutory rates

Permanent differences

Temporary differences

Change in statutory, foreign tax, foreign exchange rates and other

Income tax expenses

Valuation allowance

Deferred income taxes recovered

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

F-17 

I TEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

I TEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were ineffective such that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the Company. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent nor detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 15, 2022. In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based on the results of this assessment, management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were ineffective as of February 28, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The company has no formal control process related to the identification of related party transactions at this point in time.

Management s assessment was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and as such, no attestation was performed pursuant to SEC Final Rule Release Nos. 33-8934; 34-58028 that permit the Company to provide only management s assessment report for the years ended February 28, 2022 and 2021. Due to a control failure with respect to the financial closing process, our independent auditors identified multiple adjusting journal entries as part of their current year audit procedures. The financial closing process will be improved going forward to address any weaknesses.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred in our fiscal year ended June 15, 2022, that has materially adversely affected, or is reasonably likely to materially adversely affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

I TEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

14 

P ART III

I TEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

All board of Directors and Committee Members were in attendance for all required meetings pursuant to our compliance calendar.

Directors and Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons

All directors of our directors and officers hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until such director s successor is elected and has been qualified, or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal. The following table sets forth the names, positions and ages of our executive officers and directors. Our board of directors elect officers and their terms of office are at the discretion of our board of directors.

Name:

Name:

Age

Position 

Jacob F lscher

45

President, CEO/CFO/CAO /Director

 Pieter Swanepoel

45

Director

 Randall Greene

57

COO/Director

Background of Officers and Directors

Jacob C. F lscher

Jacob C F lscher has been our President, and Director since January 25, 2015 and our Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer since June 10, 2016. He currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of UPAY Inc and is the cofounder. He has been the Operational director of Rent Pay (Pty) Ltd, since July 2008 and he currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Rent Pay (Pty) Ltd. Rent Pay (Pty) Ltd is our wholly owned subsidiary in South Africa and is a credit related Software Company. He was also the founder of Isidingo Financial Services Isidingo in March 2009. Isidingo is a micro lending company operating in Pretoria South Africa and still in operation today. From March 2006 to February 2009, Jacob F lscher was the Regional Manager/Operations Manager of Credicor Financial Services, a micro lending firm operating in South Africa. From January 2004 to February 2006, he was the Group Accounting Officer for that same company and from January 2000 to December 2003, he was the NCR compliance officer and Branch Manager, also for Credicor.

Pieter Swanepoel

On September 1, 2022, our Board of Directors appointed Peter A. Swanepoel as a Director of our Board. Pursuant to a Director Agreement. Since January 2004, Pieter A. Swanepoel has been the Group Financial Director of Tri-Star Group Holdings (Pty) Ltd. He has 20 years of seasoned corporate executive experience and brings to our Board a unique blend of corporate, financial management, accounting, and financial planning skills and expertise
. 

Randall F. Greene 

 Effective March 1, 2023, our Board of Directors appointed Randall Greene as our Chief Operations Officer and Director for a 3 year and a 1-year term, respectively. Since September 16, 2020, Randall F. Greene has been the Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer/Director of A-Game Beverages, Inc. . From July 2014 to present, he has been the Chief Executive Officer of Stahl Faust Immobilien, LLC, a real estate development company. From June 2012 to present, Randall F. Greene has been the Chairman of Bella Collina Community Development District, a governmental entity. From March 2011 to April 2020, he was the Chief Executive Officer of RG Developments and Investments LLC, a real estate development company owned by Randall Greene. From November 2016 to present, he has been the Vice Chairman of Bonnet Creek Resorts. Community Development District, a governmental entity. From September 2019 to present, he has been the Chairman of the Westwood Orange County Convention Center Community Development District, a governmental entity.

15 

Additionally, Randall F. Greene has been associated with the following:

CEO, Stahl Faust Immobilien, LLC, a real estate development firm

Minority Partner with DCS Real Estate Investments DCS ), a real estate development firm

Minority Partner with DCS owning the 1900-acre Bella Collina Club and Resort, Bella Collina, Florida

Minority Partner with DCS owning the new 516 room JW Marriott Bonnet Creek Resort and Spa at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando

Minority Partner with DCS owning the 60-acre Sandlake Vista multi use project with 300 luxury apartments, hotel, medical offices, 7/11 store and a self-storage facility in Orlando, Florida.

Minority Partner with DCS owning a retail project in Disney s Celebration project in Celebration, Florida.

Minority Partner in the 1200 room Marriott and Westin Towers at the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, which is in development and construction starting mid-2022.

Chairman of the Bella Collina Community Development District (Governmental Entity)

Chairman of the Westwood/ OCC Community Development District at the Orange County Convention Center (Governmental Entity) 

Chairman of the Bonnet Creek Resorts Community Development District at the Walt Disney World Resort Entertainment Complex (Governmental Entity}

Litigation

None

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide us with copies of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners were complied with, with the exception of Randall Greene and Pieter Swanepoel who will be filing Forms 3 over the next 10 days. 

Code of Ethics

We adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Code of Ethics that applies to, among other persons, our company s president (being our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), as well as persons performing similar functions. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote;

1. Honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;

2. Full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us;

3. Compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;

4. The prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and

5. Accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires, among other things, that all of our personnel shall be accorded full access to our president with respect to any matter which may arise relating to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Further, all of our company s personnel are to be accorded full access to our board of directors if any such matter involves an alleged breach of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by our president.

In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly managers and/or supervisors, have a responsibility for maintaining financial integrity within our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal, provincial and state securities laws. Any employee who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities, whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to his or her immediate supervisor or to our company s president. If the incident involves an alleged breach of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by the president, the incident must be reported to any member of our board of directors. Any failure to report such inappropriate or irregular conduct of others is to be treated as a severe disciplinary matter. It is against our policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

16 

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was filed as an exhibit with our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2016. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request. Requests can be sent to the Company address listed above.

Nomination Process

As of February 29, 2020, we did not affect any material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the board of directors and there were no subsequent events and directors have remained the same. We do not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board of directors believes that, given the current stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our operations develop to a more advanced level. We do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and there is no specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board of directors assesses all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and makes recommendations for election or appointment.

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with the board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer at the address appearing on the face page of this report.

Committees and Board Resolutions

We have no corporate governance committees, including no nomination or audit committees; as such, our Board of Directors as a whole acts in the capacity of those committees. 

All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada Business Corporation Act and our Bylaws as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held.

I TEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Name:

Position

Year

Salary

Bonus

Jacob C Folscher

CE0/CFO

2023

112,042.70

8,876.00

Jacob C Folscher

CEO

2022

111,118.82

9,339.59

Randall F Greene 

COO 

2023

233,333 UPAY shares 

0

BOARD OF DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name:

Position

Year

Salary

Bonus

Jacob C Folscher

DIRECTOR

2023

0

0

Jacob C Folscher

DIRECTOR

2022

-

0

Randall F Greene 

DIRECTOR

2023

100,000 UPAY shares 

0

Pieter A Swanepoel

DIRECTOR

2023

100,000 UPAY shares

0

17 

I TEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table sets forth certain information as of June 13, 2023 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by: (i) all persons known by the Company to be beneficial owners of more than 5 of our Common Stock, (ii) each director and Named Executive Officer, and (iii) by all executive officers and directors as a group.

Beneficial Owners over 5 

Name

Shares Held

Percentage

Wouter A. Fouche

1,995,000

11.6

TWIN HARBOR WEB SOLUTIONS INC

2,030,000

11.8

EMERGING MARKETS CONSULTING

1,975,000

11.4

Total over 5 

6,000,000

34.9

Executive Officers/Directors (3) 

Name

Shares Held

Percentage

Pieter A Swanepoel

133,333

Less than 1 

Jacob C F lscher (7)

9,175,000

53.3

Randall F Greene 

100,000

Less than 1 

Total All officers

9,408,333

54.7

Total All over 5 shareholders and officers 15,408,33

15,408,333

89.6

We presently have 17,190,211 
common shares outstanding. Of these shares, 11,190,211 common shares are held by non-affiliates and 6,000,000 common shares are held by affiliates, which Securities Act of 1933 Rule 144 defines as restricted securities.

8.

 Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided.

2. Based on 17,190,211
 issued and outstanding shares of common stock.

5. The principal of Twin Harbor Web Solutions is Michael McCloy, who has sole dispositive and voting power over the shares. The business address of Twin Harbor Web Solutions is 29 Creek Road, Bayville, NY 11709 US. Twin Harbor Web Solutions is a beneficial owner and a related party.

18 

6. The address for Chief Executive Officer Jacob C. F lscher is no 92 Jean avenue, Centurion 0157, South Africa.

8. Jacob C. F lscher s ownership is composed of: (a) 9,025,000 shares he individually owns; (b) 100,000 shares in the name of F lscher Family Trust, a trust he controls through which he has dispositive and voting power; and (c) 50,000 shares owned by his wife, Kim Elizabeth F lscher.

I TEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Stock Issuances to our Founders

On October 1, 2015, we issued 9,025,000 shares to our co-founder, Wouter A. Fouche, at an aggregate value of 12,033.

On October 1, 2015, we issued 9,025,000 shares to our co-founder, Jacob C F lscher, at an aggregate value of 12,033.

On November 5, 2015, pursuant to the Share Exchange with Rent Pay, we issued 100,000 common stock shares to LoanTech Trust, a trust controlled by our officer, Wouter Fouche, at an aggregate value of 10,000.

On November 5, 2015, pursuant to the Share Exchange with Rent Pay, we issued 100,000 common stock shares to F lscher Family Trust, a trust controlled by our officer, Jacob C F lscher, at an aggregate value of 10,000.

On April 20, 2016, we issued 50,000 shares to Kim Elizabeth F lscher, Jacob F lscher s wife, at an aggregate value of 5,000.

On December 12, 2015, we issued 40,000 shares to Desiree Fouche, Wouter Fouche s wife, at an aggregate value of 4,000.

Verbal Agreements with our Founders

Verbal Agreement with Wouter Fouche

We had a February 2014 verbal agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Wouter Fouche, to pay him a monthly salary of 6,000 for our fiscal years 2015 and 2016 based upon available funds. This monthly salary has since increased to 9,000, for 2018 and 2019 and 9,500 for 2021 dependent on available funds. There is also a 13 th
 check that is payable yearly. A 10,000 relocation expense for relocating to the US was also paid to Wouter Fouche previously. This monthly salary and 10,000 relocation expense already paid were the sole terms of this verbal agreement. This agreement has terminated pursuant to a February 3, 2022 Share Purchase and Separation agreement
 between us and Wouter Fouche. 

Verbal Agreement with Jacob C F lscher

We have a February 2014 verbal agreement with our Chief Financial Officer, Jacob C. F lscher, to pay him a monthly salary of 6,000 for our fiscal years 2015 and 2016 based upon available funds. This monthly salary has since increased to 9,000 for 2018 and 2019 and 9,500 for 2021 dependent on available funds. There is also a 13 th
 check that is payable yearly. Additionally, we verbally agreed to pay Jacob C. F lscher a 10,000 relocation expense for relocating, should this be needed in future. The 9,500 monthly salary and 10,000 relocation expense are the sole terms of this verbal agreement.

Consulting Agreement

We have a June 3, 2016 consulting agreement with Ferdinand Labuschagne to perform business advisory services in return for 300,000 restricted common stock shares for an aggregate value of 30,000 and two million cashless warrants, the details of which are contained in our Material Agreements Section beginning at page 39. Ferdinand Labuschagne is Wouter A. Fouche s brother-in-law. The consulting agreement has since come to an end and the 300,000 shares were issued previously. The two million cashless warrants have since expired.

Twin Harbor Web Solutions Twin Harbor individually owns more than 5 of our common stock. On 16 April 2018, we acquired the Theme Studio software from Twin Harbor in exchange for 2,000,000 common shares for an aggregate purchase price of 200,000. In addition, we have a service level agreement for development and hosting solutions with Twin Harbor. The transactions are related party transactions and Twin Harbor is a related party.

19 

Emerging Markets Consulting, LLC EMC and James Painter, the owner of EMC, has made loans to us totaling the amount of 171,000, of which 130,000 is by James Painter and 41,000 by EMC. 

Apart from the above transaction, none of our Officers or Directors has any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction to which we are a party during the past two years, or in any proposed transaction to which we are proposed to be a party.

Given our small size, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures, apart from our company Bylaws and Code of Ethics, for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to establish more formal policies and procedures in the future so that such transactions will be subject to the stricter review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Directors will continue to approve or disapprove any and all related party transaction.

I TEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees

Audit fees and related accounting fees for the year ended February 28, 2023 amounted to 77 973.38

All Other Fees 

None

20 

P ART IV

I TEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

23 
 Consent of M K CPAS, PLLC 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 

 XBRL Instance Document

101.XSD 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document

Filed herewith

21 

S ignatures

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

UPAY, Inc.

By: 

 /s/ Jacob C. Folscher

Jacob C. F lscher

Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer

(Principal Executive Officer/Financial Officer)

Dated: June 26, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

By: 

 /s/ Jacob C. Folscher

Jacob C. F lscher

Chief Executive Officer/Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer

Principal Executive Officer/Principal Financial Officer

Dated: June 26, 2023

By: 

 /s/ Jacob C. Folscher

Jacob C. F lscher

Director

22 

<EX-23>
 2
 up002_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23
 
 Exhibit 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We hereby consent to the inclusion in this Form 10-K of our report dated June 26, 2023 of UPAY, Inc., relating to the audit of the financial statements for the period ending February 28, 2023 and 2022. /s/ M&K CPAS, PLLC www.mkacpas.com Houston, Texas 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 up002_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jacob C. Folscher , certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UPAY , Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrants other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 26, 2023 /s/ Jacob C. Folscher Jacob C. Folscher (Principal Executive Officer & Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 up002_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER/CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jacob C. Folscher , certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UPAY, Inc.: 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrants other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 26, 2023 /s/ Jacob C. Folscher Jacob C. Folscher Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 up002_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of UPAY, (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-K Date: June 26, 2023 /s/ Jacob C. Folscher Jacob C. Folscher Principal Executive Officer/Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 up002_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2
 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of UPAY, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-K. Date: June 26, 2023 /s/ Jacob C. Folscher Jacob C. Folscher, Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer/Chief Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certifications are being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 upyy-20230228.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 upyy-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 upyy-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 upyy-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

