<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230512_10-K_edgar_data_1543623_0001213900-23-038626.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5330398</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163973</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1079293</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1276738</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1422225</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1252513</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-038626.hdr.sgml : 20230512
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230511175207
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-038626
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230512
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230511

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			US NUCLEAR CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001543623
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				454535739
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54617
		FILM NUMBER:		23912503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7051 ETON AVENUE
		CITY:			CANOGA PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91303
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-883-7043

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7051 ETON AVENUE
		CITY:			CANOGA PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APEX 3, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-038626.txt : 20230512

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_usnuclearcorp.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

A NNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

c/o
Robert I. Goldstein 

, 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

None. 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

(Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
the securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal
quarter. as of June 30, 2022. 

The number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding
as of May 10, 2023, was . 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. 

FORM
10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 17 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 17 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 17 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 17 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 18 
 
 Item 6. 
 [ ReseRved ] 
 
 20 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 23 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 23 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 23 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 23 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 24 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 24 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 25 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 28 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 30 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 31 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 31 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 F-1 

SIGNATURES 
 
 33 

i 

PART
I 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Information
included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements
are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of
the Company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak
only as of the date hereof. Forward-looking statements may contain the words believes, project, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates, forecasts, intends, strategy, plan, 
 may, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, 
and similar expressions, and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Additionally, statements relating to
implementation of business strategy, future financial performance, acquisition strategies, capital raising transactions, performance
of contractual obligations, and similar statements may contain forward-looking statements. In evaluating such statements, prospective
investors and shareholders should carefully review various risks and uncertainties identified in this Report, including the matters set
forth under the captions Risk Factors and in the Company s other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could
cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims
any obligation to update or publicly announce revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can
only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation,
those specifically addressed under the heading Risk Factors Related to Our Business below, as well as those discussed elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). You
can read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F. Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549.
You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition,
the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 

We
disclaim any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Corporate
History 

US
Nuclear Corp f/k/a APEX 3 Inc., was incorporated in the State of Delaware on February 14, 2012, and has since amended its name to US
Nuclear Corp., US Nuclear on May 4, 2012 with the State of Delaware. US Nuclear Corp was formed as a vehicle to pursue
a business combination with an operating company that would have perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Optron
Scientific was incorporated in the State of California in 1971 and is the operating company of US Nuclear Corp with two divisions, Optron
Scientific Company, Inc., doing business as DBA Technical Associates and Overhoff Technology Corporation, both of which
design, manufacture and market detection and monitor systems that are used to detect and identify radioactive material, leaks, waste,
contamination, biohazards, nuclear material, as well as products used in airports, cargo, screening as ports and borders, government
buildings, hospitals, and other critical infrastructure, as well as by the military and emergency responder services The company uses
a wide range of technologies including x-ray, trace detection, millimeter-wave, infra-red, tritium detection, and diagnostics in its
product applications. 

1 

US Nuclear Corp is a smaller
reporting company under SEC Rule 405 because it has a public float of less than 250 million and has annual revenues of less than 100
million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which audited financial statements are available. As a smaller reporting
company, pursuant to Rule 8-01 of Regulation S-X, the Company is only required to produce financial statements as follows: (a) audited
balance sheet as of the end of each of the most recent two fiscal years, or as of a date within 135 days if the issuer has existed for
a period of less than one fiscal year, (b) audited statements of income, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity for each
of the two fiscal years preceding the date of the most recent audited balance sheet (or such shorter period as the registrant has been
in business), and (c) interim reviewed financial statements for the current period if the filing is more than 135 days after the end of
your fiscal year. Any and all amendments shall include updated interim or audited financial statements if the financial statements
in the prior filing are more than 135 days old. 

On
October 15, 2013, US Nuclear Corp f/k/a APEX 3 Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), entered into an Agreement and
Plan of Merger between the Company, Robert I. Goldstein, US Nuclear Acquisition Corp Merger Sub ), a California corporation
and Optron Scientific Company, Inc. dba Technical Associates, Optron Scientific a California corporation and the parent
company of Overhoff Technology Corp. The Agreement and Plan of Merger provided for the acquisition by the Company of all of the outstanding
shares of Optron Scientific through a reverse merger of Merger Sub into Optron Scientific, the surviving corporation. We have filed the
Agreement and Plan of Merger as Exhibits 3.4 and 2.1 with this statement and with the State of California. 

As
part of the Agreement and Plan of Merger with Optron Scientific the parties agreed to an exchange of shares, in which all of the 98,372
issued and outstanding shares of Optron Scientific were exchanged for 9,150,000 shares of the Company. 

Prior
to the share exchange, Mr. Goldstein was the sole owner of 98,372 shares of Optron Scientific Company, Inc., which represented all of
the outstanding shares of Optron Scientific Company, Inc. Mr. Goldstein was the owner of 9,150,000 shares of US Nuclear Corp prior to
the merger, and 9,150,000 shares of US Nuclear Corp were issued to him as a result of the merger in exchange for 98,372 shares of Optron
Scientific Company, Inc. 

In
conjunction with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, US Nuclear Corp, Optron Scientific and Robert I. Goldstein entered into a Cancellation
Agreement which provided for the cancellation of 9,150,000 shares of US Nuclear Corp held by Robert I. Goldstein, in consideration of
his entering into the Agreement and Plan of Merger, which provided for his right to acquire 9,150,000 shares of US Nuclear Corp after
it had the value of the ownership of Optron Scientific. As part of the consideration for the merger transaction, the share value of Mr.
Goldstein s shares of the Company prior to the merger was estimated at the par value of the shares, or 9,150,000 times the par
value of .0001 per share. After the merger, the newly issued 9,150,000 shares of the Company held by Mr. Goldstein had a value of 85.51
percent of the total value of the outstanding stock of the Company after its acquisition of all of the stock of Optron Scientific. The
Agreement and Plan of Merger was signed by Mr. Goldstein in his individual capacity and as President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Optron Scientific, and of Merger Sub. The Cancellation Agreement was signed by
Mr. Goldstein in his individual capacity and as President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and of Optron Scientific. The Corporate
Secretary of each of the companies, Darian B. Andersen, also signed on behalf of each of the companies. The remaining 1,550,000 outstanding
shares of US Nuclear Corp, which are held by Richard Chiang, were unaffected by the Cancellation Agreement. 

2 

Following
the merger, we began to provide a full line of radiation detection equipment and services to clients industries that range from
nuclear reactor plants, universities, local and state hospitals, government agencies, and emergency medical technicians or EMT/first
responders. The Company s nuclear radiation safety detection equipment company has its roots from the famous Manhattan Project
of the 1940s. In 1971, Allen Goldstein, the father to our current President and CEO, Robert Goldstein, acquired the assets of Technical
Associates and incorporated the company. The Company designed and built the first industrial grade radiation monitors and continues to
innovate its legacy with new product engineering for radiation measurement and safety instruments. The Company designs and manufactures
nuclear radiation detection and safety equipment, survey meters, air and water monitors, port security equipment and tritium air monitors.
The Company s customers are diverse groups such as Homeland Security, Lawrence Livermore Labs, Los Alamos National Labs, Department
of Defense, FBI, CIA, US Navy, Chevron Corporation, Bechtel Corporation, Biotechnology Laboratories, Hospitals, Universities, and Civil
Emergency Management departments such as Fire, Paramedics and Law Enforcement. The Company is headquartered in Canoga Park, California
and the Company can be accessed through its websites on the Internet at usnuclearcorp.com, tech-associates.com and overhoff.com. 

The
Company s four divisions consisting of Optron Scientific Company Inc., DBA Technical Associates, Overhoff Technology Corporation,
Electronic Control Concepts, and Cali From Above, offer over 200 products that service and address the nuclear power industry, domestically
and internationally. Technical Associates specializes in the design and manufacture of radiation detection equipment monitors and hand-held
devices. Overhoff Technology Corporation specializes in the design and manufacture of tritium air monitors and water monitors. Electronic
Control Concepts specializes in test and maintenance meters for x-ray machines for both medical and industrial users. Cali
From Above offers specialized inspection services from height and difficult-to-access locations with the use of unmanned aerial vehicles
(UAVs). 

Technology
and Products 

The
Company designs and develops both technologies in-house by its CEO, Robert I. Goldstein as well as offers products from other manufacturers.
Mr. Goldstein s extensive experience of over forty years in the field of nuclear radiation detection has allowed the Company to
achieve significant recognition that has been approved by US Federal standards set by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC). The Company has complete ownership of all of its technology
and there are no licenses held by any outside party. No persons, company, vendor, distributor or contractor holds any title or claim
to any of the Company s work or technology. The Company believes that its technology and business is defensible due to the fact
that the barriers of entry are high and technically complex. The Company has sought out niche markets in its business by becoming a leading
category player in devices such as Tritium equipment. The Company s products consist of radiation water monitors, tritium monitors,
air and water monitors, nano-second x-ray monitors, and vehicle, personnel, exit and room monitors. The Company also offers handheld
survey meters/dosimeters, and port security equipment, along with supporting software and services. 

Radiation
Water Monitors 

US
Nuclear Corp s radiation water monitors allow detection of radioactive materials in drinking water, ground water, rainfall, rivers,
and lakes. In order to detect radioactive materials, the emitted radiation must travel from the radiation emitter to the detector. Alpha,
Beta, Gamma, and Neutron radiation moves well through air, but poorly through water. The complexity of detecting radiation in water and
developing an efficient monitor has given the Company s monitors a reasonable edge against competitors, and for this reason, has
limited competition in the water monitor business. The Company has invested more than ten years developing highly sensitive detectors
for this market, giving it a clear advantage over competitors. The Company s radiation water monitors are used to check for radioactive
materials being released as liquid effluent in drain pipes by universities, hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, oil and gas extraction
facilities, industrial chemical plants, and nuclear reactor plants. 

Tritium
Monitors 

US
Nuclear Corp is one of very few companies that currently operate within the tritium space. The Company s Overhoff Technology Corp
unit is a leading manufacturer of tritium detection and monitors. The demand for tritium detection and monitors are steadily increasing
as countries develop solutions to their energy needs. In addition to CANDU reactors (Canada Deuterium Uranium), the next generation
of nuclear reactors called Molten Salt Reactors, (MSR) and Liquid-Fluoride Thorium Reactors (LFTR) utilize fuels other than traditional
uranium and plutonium sources. Thorium, which is more significantly abundant than uranium, is very difficult to use to create nuclear
weapons, is favored by many governments, and as a source of conventional energy it has been proven to be highly effective. By way of
energy production, MSR and LFTRs produce high amounts of tritium which need to be constantly monitored for detection. Additionally, the
waste products of LFTR reactors are less hazardous than the current light-water uranium-plutonium reactors, and thus, LFTR reactors provide
higher level of safety and security against terrorist threats. The Company expects that a significant portion of its future sales and
business strategy is tied to the growth of MSR and LFTRs, as well as from CANDU reactors. 

3 

Tritium
is produced naturally in the upper atmosphere when cosmic rays strike nitrogen molecules in the air. More commonly, tritium is produced
during nuclear weapons explosions, and as a byproduct in reactors producing electricity. Generally, tritium has several important
uses; its most significant contribution is its use as a component in the triggering mechanism in thermonuclear weapons. Very large quantities
of required for the maintenance of nuclear weapons capabilities. Tritium is also produced commercially in nuclear reactors, as well as
used in various self-luminescent devices, such as exit signs in buildings, aircraft dials, gauges, luminous paints, and wristwatches.
In the mid-1950s and early 1960s, tritium was widely dispersed during above-ground testing of nuclear weapons. Today, sources of tritium
come from commercial nuclear reactors, research reactors, and government weapons production plants. Tritium may also be released as steam
from these facilities or may leak into the underlying soil and ground water. Additionally, self-luminescent devices illegally disposed
in municipal landfills come into contact with water which pass through water ways, carrying dangerous levels of tritium. Tritium holds
a very dangerous health risk and high levels of exposure to tritium increases risk of developing cancer. To combat tritium leaks and
to maintain acceptable levels, the Company has developed several tritium monitors to gauge tritium in water and in the air. 

Alpha,
Beta, Gamma and Tritium Monitors 

US
Nuclear Corp s radiation water monitors allow detection of radioactive materials in drinking water, ground water, rainfall, rivers,
and lakes. In order to detect radioactive materials, the emitted radiation must travel from the radiation emitter to the detector. Alpha,
Beta, Gamma, and Neutron radiation moves well through air, but poorly through water. The complexity of detecting radiation in water and
developing an efficient monitor has given the Company s monitors a reasonable edge against competitors, and for this reason, has
limited competition in the water monitor business. The Company has invested more than ten years developing highly sensitive detectors
for this market, giving it a clear advantage over competitors. The Company s radiation water monitors are used to check for radioactive
materials being released as liquid effluent in drain pipes by universities, hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, oil and gas extraction
facilities, industrial chemical plants, and nuclear reactor plants. 

For
the past 20 years, Overhoff Technology has been devoted exclusively to the design, manufacturing and servicing of Tritium monitors. Overhoff
Technology has leading control over market share in the Tritium monitor space as the top maker of Tritium monitors. Tritium monitors
are a highly delicate process and are particularly dependent on the selection of the finest materials such as Teflon for low leakage
insulators and nafion membranes for separation of noble gas from Tritium. The Company s Overhoff DC amplifiers called electrometers 
are stable with the ability to register small currents down to the femto-ampere level, 10 -13 to 10 -15 ampre
range. The Overhoff electrometer also has the unique ability to reject false counts from Radon gas. Because Tritium is a radioactive
material, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission NRC regulations and state health agencies require Tritium to be measured
at every nuclear power plant, all national laboratories, in the nuclear-powered Navies of the United States, France and the United Kingdom,
at weapons facilities, at pharmaceutical and pesticide research facilities, and at Fusion Power research sites. 

DroneRAD
Aerial Radiation Detection 

US
Nuclear Corp has partnered with FlyCam UAV (a drone manufacturer). The two companies have married their two technologies with the NEO, an
all-weather UAV octocopter capable of carrying a number of radiation and chemical detection sensors. With the advent of merging FlyCam
UAV s NEO and US Nuclear Corp sensor technology aerial radiation and chemical detection is now a reality. The
DroneSensor system (the first of its kind) uses state-of-the-art industrial grade drones carrying radiation chemical sensors. Wireless
transmission to ground station provides real-time data. Having these UAV mounted sensors quickly and efficiently surveying
large areas for contamination eliminates risk to human life. 

4 

Air and
Water Monitors 

The
Company s Overhoff Air Monitors come in both hand-held portables and mid-to large-sized air and stack monitors. These are classified
as Dual Ion Chamber style detectors or Dual Proportional Detectors. The sample flows into one chamber where ionization current is measured,
and at the same time a sealed background detector of the same volume measures the ionization current due to any external gamma emitters
plus the addition of background from radioactive minerals in the soil with cosmic rays. The current from the background chamber is subtracted
from the current in the main sample chamber to give the net tritium level without distortion from radon or gamma in the background. In
nuclear power plants, radioactive noble gases are also in the air stream in small or large quantities. Overhoff combats this problem
using Dow Chemical Nafion tubing which physically separates the noble gases from
the tritium oxide prior to measurement. The Company is currently expecting a large number of its users and larger numbers of its competitor s
customers will need to replace or supplement their current air and stack monitors to combat the two biggest pollution nuclides now coming
out of nuclear power plants, tritium and C-14. As of today, only US Nuclear Corp offers these full-service monitors. 

Vehicle
Monitors, Personnel Monitors, Exit Monitors and Room Monitors 

The
Company s suite of radiation monitors can be used in various scenarios where humans may come into contact with radiation contamination.
The Company s Vehicle Monitors, Personnel Monitors, Exit Monitors and Room Monitors are effective tools in detection of radiation
in hospitals where radioactivity is used in many departments such as nuclear medicine, oncology, blood labs, and imaging. Since radiation
is also used in diagnosing and treating cancer, and since some cancers can develop in any organ, each department in a hospital becomes
involved, from ophthalmology to thoracic medicine. Additionally, the Company s monitors are used to check hospital laundry to detect
any radiation on clothes as well as in trash bins before they are picked up by the applicable waste management team. Lastly, the Company s
monitors can be placed in the entrance of hospitals in case there is an incident at a nearby nuclear power plant. These monitors are
the first line of defense against further contamination, by providing early warning detection; doctors can provide treatment without
placing other patients and staff in direct contact with patients who are contaminated with radiation. 

Radon
Air Monitors and Radon Switch Products 

The
Company produces a full line of radon air monitors and switches that are used to determine the radon content in the air in basements,
mills, mines, buildings, or anywhere that radon concentration is a concern. The radon switch products activate and controls radon mitigation
fans. These switches have a built-in computer storage with data storage. The Company also makes a radon tritium monitor that is a portable
instrument used for detection and measurement of airborne Vadose zone, between the top of the ground surface to the water table. 

Handheld
Survey Meters and Personal Dosimeters, Pocket Micro-R Meters 

The
Company s survey meters are light-weight, hand-held radiation detectors. They function as general-purpose radiation survey meters,
but also serve as special purpose survey meters. For example, the Company s radon monitors are used in mines where workers are
at risk for breathing radon gas along with air. The Company s surface monitors are used in hospitals, research labs, even in high
school chemistry and physics labs to check for radioactive contamination on lab benches. Friskers are used to check if worker s
hands or shoe bottoms have picked up any radiation contamination and the Company s Gamma survey meter check packages at post offices
or airports for radiation, along with scrap metals at collection points and again before it is accepted for processing. 

Port
Security Equipment 

Due
to increased terror threats from IED (Improvised Explosive Devices), dirty bombs and potential radioactive materials following 9/11 at
shipping ports, we began utilizing passive detectors to review radiation emanating from inside containers. While other port security
scanners generally use radioactive materials or x-ray generating machines to check everything from shipping containers, Federal Express,
USPS (United States Postal Service) packages, and luggage for contraband, our scanner solutions do not use radiation, allowing for safe
usage by investigators. We were approached by the FDA after the events of 9/11, and we designed our P-8Neon Quick-Scan X-ray detector
to provide complete scanning without releasing any harmful radiation in the process. Our RAD-CANSCAN machines can measure which shipping
containers hold radioactive materials by mapping inside the container so that TSA personnel will know the results without having to open
each container. Additionally, our TBM-6SPE is a multi-detector system that lets an investigator check specifically for each of the four
main emissions of radiation, Alpha, Beta, Gamma and Neutrons. 

5 

Software 

The
Company s Overhoff Overview software program provides centralized radiation and environmental monitoring for entire facilities
within one building or several square miles allowing monitoring of a nuclear power plant or subway station. Overview accepts data from
networked radiation detectors, environmental monitors and webcams, and allows the user to view and generate reports on the data, as well
as track maintenance due on instruments. Additionally, Overview lets the user see real-time monitoring for differential pressure on containment
boxes or rooms. Our software measures gamma and neutron radiation levels, airborne radioactivity levels, temperature and humidity in
the facility, status of security doors, wind speed and direction, and barometric pressure. 

Risk
Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

Our
business is intensely competitive and our revenues are unpredictable as a small company. 

We
compete with a formidable group of competitors in our business, many of which have greater resources and capabilities than our company.
There are numerous companies that have established businesses and command larger market share such as Thermo Fisher Scientific, Canberra
Industries, and Mirion Technologies, Ludlum Measurements, Smiths Detection and Lab Impex Systems Ltd. Many of these companies have products
and services that compete directly with ours and many of them are supported with larger marketing budgets and sales staff that can provide
stronger sales coverage and support to customers than our capabilities. Furthermore, competitors may have technological advantages and
may be able to implement new technologies more rapidly than our Company. Additionally, to the extent of our bookings, we cannot accurately
predict to a large degree of certainty what annual revenues and income outlook may be. Due to our relatively small size, many factors
may contribute to differences in the future and therefore cannot be assured in any manner. The market for nuclear radiation safety equipment
is dependent upon a number of factors beyond the Company s control, which cannot be accurately predicted. Some of these factors
include pricing, competition from new entrants, newer technologies, market regulation and government policy, as well as overall market
demand. Other factors include fossil fuel energy prices that may have an effect upon nuclear energy demand. Lower oil, natural gas, and
coal prices may result in less favorable decisions to pursue nuclear energy as a source of energy. 

We
rely heavily on our international customers for business and expect to continue to rely on international customers in the future. 

Our international revenues were
26.57 of our total revenue in 2022. This was a decrease of 2.03 from 2021 and was a result of management s inability to field
new orders and inquires and engage new customers overseas due to political and economic reasons. We believe that South Korea and China
will likely be larger contributors to revenue within the next few years. While we maintain steady growth domestically, the international
side of our business may be a larger component as nuclear technology and rapid development for clean energy grows abroad. There can be
no assurances as to our growth projections and our risk profile as we depend upon increased foreign customers for business. 

Government
Regulation 

Although
the sales of our equipment are not generally regulated by any local or federal government agency, the nuclear power industry itself is
highly regulated by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. As an independent agency of the United States government, the NRC is responsible
for overseeing reactor safety, security, reactor licensing, renewal, radioactive material safety, and spent fuel disposal. The effects
of the NRC s policies therefore have an effect on our business. The impact of any negative decision in the nuclear power industry
will ultimately affect us. We may also be affected by foreign government policy and regulation not covered by the NRC. 

Nuclear
Power, Fossil Fuel and Renewal Energy 

While
the nuclear power industry is a key component in the context of energy supply in the world today there are other competing energy sources
that carry less potential risk hazards. Competing energy sources such as fossil fuels, solar, wind and water are strong threats to nuclear
power. Each one has its benefits and conversely a negative side. The current landscape of nuclear power according to the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission, or NRC, states that as of May 2022, there were 30 countries worldwide operating 439 nuclear reactors in operation in the
world, with 53 new reactors under construction in 17 countries. Within the United States, there are 92 nuclear power plants providing
20 of the country s total electric energy generation. Additionally, 28 of the 50 US states generate electricity from nuclear power
plants, and four states, New Hampshire, South Carolina, Connecticut, and Illinois rely on nuclear power for more than 50 percent of their
electricity. The United States produced approximately 30 of the world s gross nuclear-generated electricity in 2022 with France
at 14 , China 14 , Russia 8 , South Korea 5 , and the rest of the world at 29 . Nuclear energy is responsible for 8 of all US energy
consumption. However, only one conventional nuclear power plant is now under construction, the Vogtie Plant, in eastern Georgia. China
ranked first with 15 units, followed by India with 8 reactors under construction. In the 2021, 10 nuclear reactors were permanently shut
down worldwide. In July 2022, the European Parliament endorsed labeling all nuclear energy projects green , allowing them
access to loans and subsidies. In the context of emissions, nuclear power is considered to be clean. It produces zero carbon emissions
and does not produce other noxious greenhouse gases. It is difficult to predict if these plans domestically and internationally will
materialize or be postponed indefinitely if negative market forces develop. 

6 

Opponents
to Nuclear Energy are formidable due to concerns over safety. 

Maintaining
the demand for our products and future growth in demand will depend in part upon continued acceptance of nuclear technology as a means
of generating electricity. In many cases, countries have embraced nuclear technology because alternate means of energy have either been
at a high cost with heavy pollution, or other means have not been practical. However, incidents involving nuclear energy production,
such as overheating reactors, radiation leaks and reactor melt-downs, can cause a significant decrease in public acceptance of nuclear
technology. Events at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear complex in Japan on March 11, 2011 may have adverse long-term effects in some countries
decision to either continue using nuclear power or suspend its nuclear power program. While the long-term impact is unclear, several
countries have suspended operations at existing nuclear power plants. Specifically, on May 30, 2011, Germany announced that in addition
to the permanent closure of eight reactors and with only three nuclear power plants left with a license to operate at full capacity,
the nuclear phase out in Germany is almost complete. Switzerland has made a policy decision to phase out of their 5 reactors by 2034.
Italy, while not having any operating reactors, has implemented a moratorium on nuclear power. The ultimate results of these safety reviews
and/or public resistance to nuclear technology may lead to suspension or cancellation of permitting and development activities, license
extensions of existing nuclear facilities, and possibly even the closure of operating nuclear facilities by one or more countries. Lack
of public acceptance of nuclear technology would adversely affect the demand for nuclear power and therefore demand for radiation detection
equipment. 

Continued
growth of CANDU reactors and rapid development of next generation Molten Salt (MSR) and Liquid-Fluoride Thorium Reactors (LFTR). 

The
Company relies on continued growth and orders from CANDU reactors (Canada Deuterium Uranium), and rapid development of the next generation
of nuclear reactors called Molten Salt Reactors, (MSR) and Liquid-Fluoride Thorium Reactors (LFTR), for its tritium-based equipment.
MSR and LFTR are new types of reactors that utilize thorium as a fuel rather than traditional uranium or plutonium. Thorium is a more
abundant element than uranium. Many countries with heavy energy needs such as China have begun to adopt MSR and LFTR programs. However,
the numbers of these types of reactors are still small in numbers and there can be no assurances that they will ever reach large numbers
capable of sustaining rapid growth and development for nuclear-radiation safety products such as our tritium equipment. If CANDU reactors
experience adverse events such as long-term inactivity due to political or environmental concerns, or economic issues, and if MSR and
LFTR reactors fail to develop beyond its current growth forecasts worldwide, the Company will experience lower demand for its products
which would have an adverse effect on the Company s sales and profitability. 

Failure
to make accretive acquisitions and successfully integrate them could adversely affect our future financial results. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we plan to seek, when management deems advantageous to the Company, to acquire complementary (including
competitive) businesses, facilities or technologies and enter into joint ventures. Our goal is to make such acquisitions, integrate
these acquired assets into our operations and reduce operating expenses. The process of integrating these acquired assets into
our operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant management attention that
would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. We cannot assure you that the anticipated benefits of
any acquisitions will be realized. In addition, future acquisitions by us could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity
securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets,
any of which can materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial position. Acquisitions also involve other
risks, including entering geographic markets in which we have no or limited prior experience and the potential loss of key employees. 

7 

We
have filed a provisional patent for our product based on our tritium products but hold no current patents on our products, and our business
employs proprietary technology and information which may be difficult to protect and may infringe on the intellectual property rights
of third parties. 

In
general, we rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets, copyright and trademark laws, and confidentiality procedures to protect
our technology. Due to the technological change that characterizes our business, we believe that the improvement of existing products,
reliance upon trade secrets and unpatented proprietary know-how and the development of new products are generally as important as patent
protection in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. 

We
have currently filed a provisional utility-type patent on our tritium products to protect our intellectual property, but currently rely
on trade secrets, proprietary know-how and technology that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with prospective
joint venture partners, employees and consultants. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached, that we will
have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets and proprietary know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently
discovered by others. Other than the provisional patent, we currently do not hold patents from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office on any of our products we manufacture. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to keep competitors from reverse engineering
our products, maintain trade secrecy and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot assure
you that the patents of others will not have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business, that any of our trade secrets
and applications will be protected, that we will develop additional proprietary technology that is defensible against theft or will provide
us with competitive advantages or will not be challenged by third parties. Further, we cannot assure you that others will not independently
develop similar or superior technologies, duplicate elements of our technology or design around it. 

It
is possible that we may need to acquire licenses to, or to contest the validity of, issued or pending patents or claims of third parties.
 We cannot assure you that any license acquired under such patents would be made available to us on acceptable terms, if at all,
or that we would prevail in any such contest. In addition, we could incur substantial costs in defending ourselves in suits brought
against us for alleged infringement of another party s patents or in defending the validity or enforceability of any patents we
may seek in the future, or in bringing patent infringement suits against other parties. 

In
December, 2013, we were granted a registered trademark of the US Nuclear Corp name and logo from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office and consider it important to the protection of our US Nuclear Corp brands. We have not been nor are we currently involved in or
aware of any litigation regarding any of our intellectual property. 

Our
failure to obtain capital may significantly restrict our proposed operations. 

We
will need to raise more capital to expand our business. It is anticipated that we will require an additional capital raise of 5 million
dollars over the next twelve months to fund our business plans. Future sources of capital may not be available to us when we need it
or may be available only on unacceptable terms. 

We
are subject to the risk that certain key personnel, including key employees named below, on whom we depend, in part, for our operations,
will cease to be involved with us. The loss of any these individuals would adversely affect our financial condition and the results
of our operations. 

We
are dependent on the experience, knowledge, skill and expertise of our President and CEO Robert I. Goldstein. We are also in large part
dependent on current CFO, Richard Landry. The loss of any of the key personnel listed above could materially and adversely affect our
future business efforts. Our success depends in substantial part upon the services, efforts and abilities of Robert I. Goldstein, our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, due to his experience, history and knowledge of the nuclear radiation industry and his overall
insight into our business direction. The loss or our failure to retain Mr. Goldstein, or to attract and retain additional qualified personnel,
could adversely affect our operations. We do not currently carry key-man life insurance on Mr. Goldstein or any of our officers
and have no present plans to obtain this insurance. See Management. 

The
loss of any of our executive officers could adversely affect our business. 

We
depend to a large extent on the efforts and continued employment of our executive officers. The loss of any executive officer could adversely
disrupt our operations. 

8 

Competition
from other radiation detection or related companies could result in a decrease of our business and a decrease in our financial performance. 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry. Many of our current and potential competitors, including larger multinational companies, domestic
manufacturing companies with multiple product lines in radiation detection products have existed longer and have larger customer bases,
greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial, marketing, personnel, technical and other resources than US Nuclear Corp.
In addition, many of these competitors may be able to devote significantly greater resources to: 

research and development
 of new products 

attracting and retaining
 key employees; 

maintaining a large budget
 for marketing and promotional expenses 

providing more favorable
 credit terms to suppliers and channel distributors 

Regulations,
including those contained in and issued under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX and the Dodd Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank ), increase the cost of doing business and may make it difficult
for us to retain or attract qualified officers and directors, which could adversely affect the management of our business and our ability
to obtain or retain listing of our Common Stock. 

We
are a public company. The current regulatory climate for public companies, even smaller reporting companies such as ours, may make
it difficult or prohibitively expensive to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required
to provide for our effective management in compliance with the rules and regulations which govern publicly-held companies, including,
but not limited to, certifications from executive officers and requirements for financial experts on boards of directors. The perceived
increased personal risk associated with these changes may deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles. For example,
the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in the issuance of a series of rules and regulations and the strengthening
of existing rules and regulations by the SEC. Further, proposed regulations under Dodd-Frank heighten the requirements for board
or committee membership, particularly with respect to an individual s independence from the corporation and level of experience
in finance and accounting matters. We may have difficulty attracting and retaining directors with the requisite qualifications.
If we are unable to attract and retain qualified officers and directors, the management of our business could be adversely affected. 

Limitations
on director and officer liability and our indemnification of our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing suit
against a director. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide, with certain exceptions as permitted by Delaware corporation law, that a director or
officer shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for acts or omissions
which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or unlawful payments of dividends. These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing suit against a director for breach of fiduciary duty and may reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation
brought by stockholders on our behalf against a director. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide for mandatory
indemnification of directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by governing state law. 

9 

We
may incur a variety of costs to engage in future acquisitions of companies, products or technologies, to grow our business, to expand
into new markets, or to provide new services. As such, the anticipated benefits of those acquisitions may never be realized. 

It
is management s intention to acquire other businesses to grow our customer base, to expand into new markets, and to provide new
product lines. We may make acquisitions of, or significant investments in, complementary companies, products or technologies, although
no additional material acquisitions or investments are currently pending. Acquisitions may be accompanied by risks such as: 

difficulties in assimilating
 the operations and employees of acquired companies; 

diversion of our management s attention from
 ongoing business concerns; 

our potential inability to maximize our financial and
 strategic position through the successful incorporation of acquired technology and rights into our products and services; 

additional expense associated with amortization of
 acquired assets; 

additional expense associated with understanding and
 development of acquired business; 

maintenance and implementation of uniform standards,
 controls, procedures and policies; and 

impairment of existing
 relationships with employees, suppliers and customers as a result of the integration of new management employees. 

We
must attract and retain skilled personnel. If we are unable to hire and retain technical, sales and marketing, and operational
employees, our business could be harmed. 

Our
revenues are generated by the sales of our radiation detection products from our direct sales, sales to catalogs, distributors and to
a lesser extent, our website. Our ability to manage our growth will be particularly dependent on our ability to develop and retain
an effective sales force and qualified technical and managerial personnel. We intend to hire additional employees, including engineers,
sales and marketing employees and operational employees. The competition for engineers, qualified sales, technical, and managerial
personnel in the technology and manufacturing community, is intense, and we may not be able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel.
 In addition, we may not be able to maintain the quality of our operations, control our costs, maintain compliance with all applicable
regulations, and expand our internal management, technical, information and accounting systems in order to support our desired growth,
which could have an adverse impact on our operations. 

10 

Our
failure to manage growth effectively could harm our ability to attract and retain key personnel and adversely impact our operating results. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our expansion through acquisitions effectively. Our current and planned personnel,
systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage our future operations, especially as we employ
personnel in multiple geographic locations. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel, which
may limit our growth, damage our reputation and negatively affect our financial performance and harm our business. 

If
we obtain financing, existing shareholder interests may be diluted. 

If
we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our shareholders will be diluted.
In addition, any new securities could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. Furthermore, we cannot
assure you that additional financing will be available when and to the extent we require or that, if available, it will be on acceptable
terms. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including: 

competition from other
 radiation detection companies or related businesses; 

changes in government regulations,
 general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or the economy as a whole and, in particular, in the nuclear power
 industry; 

changes in key personnel; 

entry into new geographic markets; 

actions and announcements by us or our competitors
 or significant acquisitions, divestitures, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations
 of other radiation detection and related companies; 

investors perceptions
 of our prospects and the prospects of the nuclear power industry; 

fluctuations in quarterly
 operating results, as well as differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors; 

the public s response
 to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 

announcements relating to litigation; 

11 

financial guidance, if
 any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or our failure to meet this guidance; 

changes in financial estimates
 or ratings by any securities analysts who follow our common stock, our failure to meet these estimates or failure of those analysts
 to initiate or maintain coverage of our common stock; 

the development and sustainability of an active trading
 market for our common stock; 

future sales of our common stock by our officers, directors
 and significant stockholders; and 

changes in accounting principles affecting our financial
 reporting. 

These
and other factors may lower the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

The
stock markets and trading facilities, including the OTC Bulletin Board, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities in many companies. In the past, stockholders of some companies
have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities litigation,
we could incur substantial costs and our resources and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. 

Our
Common Stock is subject to risks arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies. 

Under
a regulation of the SEC known as Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted securities of an issuer and who
is not an affiliate of that issuer may sell them without registration under the Securities Act provided that certain conditions have
been met. One of these conditions is that such person has held the restricted securities for a prescribed period, which will be 6 months
or 1 year, depending on various factors. The holding period for our common stock would be 1 year if our common stock could be sold under
Rule 144. However, Rule 144 is unavailable for the resale of securities issued by an issuer that is a shell company (other than a business
combination related shell company) or that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC defines a shell company as a company
that has (a) no or nominal operations and (b) either (i) no or nominal assets, (ii) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents;
or (iii) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. Until the merger, we were a shell company. 

The
SEC has provided an exception to this unavailability if and for as long as the following conditions are met: 

The issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell
 company has ceased to be a shell company, 

The issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting
 requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, 

The issuer of the securities
 has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
 period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

At least one year has elapsed
 from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not
 a shell company known as Form 10 Information. 

12 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no securities
or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively impacted. If we obtain
securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our common stock or publishes inaccurate
or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of
us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading
volume to decline. 

Our
management and other affiliates have significant control of our Common Stock and could control our actions in a manner that conflicts
with the interests of other stockholders. 

Our
executive officers, directors and their affiliated entities together will beneficially own approximately 37.3 of our Common Stock. As
a result, these stockholders, acting together, will be able to exercise considerable influence over matters requiring approval by our
stockholders, including the election of directors, and may not always act in the best interests of other stockholders. Such a concentration
of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in our control, including transactions in which our stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. 

Penny
Stock Considerations 

Our
shares likely will be penny stocks as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity
securities with a price of less than 5.00. Our shares thus will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements
on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. 

13 

Under
the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor
must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction
prior to the sale. Generally, an individual with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 individually
or 300,000 together with his or her spouse is considered an accredited investor. In addition, under the penny stock regulations the
broker-dealer is required to: 

Deliver, prior to any transaction
 involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market,
 unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; 

Disclose commissions payable
 to the broker-dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; 

Send monthly statements
 disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer s account, the account s value and
 information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and 

Make a special written
 determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement
 to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer s account. 

Failure
to achieve and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material
adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial
reporting, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide
reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our operating results could be harmed. 

During
the course of our testing, we may identify deficiencies which we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of
our internal accounting controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure
that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section
404. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to face regulatory action and also
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, either of which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

We
do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 

The
continued operation and growth of our business will require substantial cash. Accordingly, we do not anticipate that we will pay any
cash dividends on shares of our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at
the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions
relating to indebtedness we may incur, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant.
Accordingly, if you purchase shares in this offering, realization of a gain on your investment will depend on the appreciation of the
price of our Common Stock, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends in the foreseeable future should not purchase our
Common Stock. 

14 

OTC
Bulletin Board Qualification for Quotation 

On
February 6, 2015, we were issued our ticker symbol, UCLE on the OTC Bulletin Board from FINRA. On March 20, 2015, we were approved for
DTC eligibility by the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation,) DTCC ). 

Holders 

As of the date
of this 10-K, we had 52 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
have entered into derivative financial instruments such as futures contracts, options and swaps, forward foreign exchange contracts or
interest rate swaps and futures. In 2022, we entered into two convertible debt instruments that included stock purchase warrants. Though
there were no derivatives associated with the Notes, the instruments are affected by changes in market interest rates. We believe that
adequate controls are in place to monitor any hedging activities. While we do have significant sales outside the United States, all of
our sales are settled with US currency, and we do not currently own assets and operate facilities in countries outside the United States
and, consequently, we are not affected by foreign currency fluctuations or exchange rate changes. Overall, we believe that
our exposure to interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate changes is not material to our financial condition or results of
operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
capital resources. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

On
April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting
requirements for qualifying public companies. As a smaller reporting company, we have the option to delay adoption of new
or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies, until the earlier of the date that
(i) we are no longer a smaller reporting company or (ii) we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition
period for complying with such new or revised accounting standards. We have elected to opt out of this extended transition period. As
noted, this election is irrevocable. 

Our
financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States US GAAP ). US GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations
of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses amounts reported. These estimates can
also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial
condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively
applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant
estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements. 

We
suggest that our significant accounting policies, as described in our financial statements in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
be read in conjunction with this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

15 

Income Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. ASC 740 requires a company to use the
asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences,
and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the
opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of, the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that
is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments . ASU 2016-13 was issued to improve financial reporting by requiring earlier recognition of credit losses
on financing receivables and other financial assets in scope. The new standard represents significant changes to accounting for credit
losses. Full lifetime expected credit losses will be recognized upon initial recognition of an asset in scope. The current
incurred loss impairment model that recognizes losses when a probable threshold is met will be replaced with the expected credit loss
impairment method without recognition threshold. The expected credit losses estimate will be based upon historical information,
current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU as amended by ASU 2019-10, is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on the Company s consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying
the Accounting for Income Taxes which amends ASC 740 Income Taxes (ASC 740). This update is intended to simplify accounting
for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in ASC 740 and amending existing guidance to improve consistent
application of ASC 740. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. The guidance in this update
has various elements, some of which are applied on a prospective basis and others on a retrospective basis with earlier application permitted. 
The adoption had no effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06 , Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options
(Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) Accounting for Convertible
Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. ASU 2020-06 reduces the number of accounting models for convertible
debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. For convertible instruments with conversion features that are not required to be accounted
for as derivatives under Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging , or that do not result in substantial premiums accounted for as paid-in
capital, the embedded conversion features no longer are separated from the host contract. ASU 2020-06 also removes certain conditions
that should be considered in the derivatives scope exception evaluation under Subtopic 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity , and clarify the scope and certain requirements under Subtopic 815-40. In addition, ASU 2020-06 improves
the guidance related to the disclosures and earnings-per-share (EPS) for convertible instruments and contract in entity s own equity.
ASU 2020-06 is effective for public business entities that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filer, excluding
entities eligible to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Board specified that an entity should adopt the guidance
as of the beginning of its annual fiscal year. The Company is currently evaluation the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated
financial statements. 

16 

Authorization
of Preferred Stock 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences
determined from time to time by its Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval,
to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of the common stock. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances,
as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Although we have no present intention to issue
any shares of its authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that we will not do so in the future. 

Control
by Management 

As
of December 31, 2022, management currently owns 37.3 of all the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company. Consequently, management
has the ability to control the operations of the Company and will have the ability to control substantially all matters submitted to
stockholders for approval, including: 

Election
 of the board of directors; 

Removal
 of any directors; 

Amendment
 of the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws; and 

Adoption
 of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination. 

This
Report Contains Forward-Looking Statements and Information Relating to Us, Our Industry and To Other Businesses. 

ITEM
1B- UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

US
Nuclear Corp is headquartered in Canoga Park, CA, and occupies a 6,000-square foot leased facility and 8,000 square foot leased facility
in Milford, Ohio. The office is divided among the Company s various disciplines: management, finance, sales, marketing and customer
service, with 25 of the available space dedicated to inventory. Each location has a bookkeeper,
production manager, assembly supervisor, production workers, and customer service staff. 

The
Company s executive offices are located in Canoga Park, CA, at 7051 Eton Avenue, Canoga Park, California 91303. Per the Company s
lease agreement, the lease payment increased to 7,000 on August 1, 2016. Robert I. Goldstein, our President, Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board of Directors also maintains a position as President of Gold Team Inc., a Delaware company that invests in industrial
real estate properties for investment purposes. He holds an 8 interest in Gold Team Inc. The Company leases its current facilities from
Gold Team Inc. which owns both the Canoga Park, CA and Milford, Ohio properties. The following table lists the locations of all its current
locations. 

Location 
 Address 
 Size 
 
 Canoga Park, California 
 7051 Eton Avenue 
 6,000 square feet 

Canoga Park, CA 91303 

Milford, Ohio 
 1160 U.S. Route 50 
 8,000 square feet 

Milford, OH 45150 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information 

We
have already been approved by FINRA for the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board OTCBB trading and additionally have also
been approved with the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation or DTCC for DTC eligibility. Our stock ticker symbol
is UCLE on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. For information on shareholders who owns 5 or more of our common stock, as well as the
ownership of our officers and directors, please see Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000
shares of Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, (the Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, (the Preferred
Stock par value 0.0001 per share, of which none have been designated or issued. As
of December 31, 2022 we had (i) 31,621,242 shares of common stock outstanding, held of record by 53 shareholders, and (ii) no shares of
preferred stock outstanding. As of May 10, 2023 there are 35,798,087 shares of common stock outstanding, held of record by 52 shareholders. 

Description
of Capital Stock 

The
following is a summary of the rights of our capital stock and certain provisions of our articles of organization, as amended, and by-laws.
 For more detailed information, please see our articles of organization, as amended, and by-laws filed as exhibits to this Current
Report on Form 10-K. Each holder of the Company s Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted
to a vote of shareholders and do not have cumulative voting rights. An election of directors by our shareholders shall be determined
by a plurality of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote on the election. The holders of Common Stock are entitled
to receive pro rata dividends, when and as declared by the Board of Directors in its discretion, out of funds legally available therefore,
but only if all dividends on the Preferred Stock have been paid in accordance with the terms of such Preferred Stock and there exists
no deficiency in any sinking fund for the Preferred Stock. 

Dividends
on the Common Stock are declared by the Board of Directors. The payment of dividends on the Common Stock in the future, if any, will
be subordinate to the Preferred Stock and will be determined by the Board of Directors. In addition, the payment of such dividends will
depend on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deems relevant. The Company has heretofore never paid any dividends and the Board has no plans for the payment of future
dividends. The Board presently plans for any future surplus income to be reinvested into growing the Company through additional
investment. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Board of Directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of preferred stock in series and, by filing a certificate pursuant
to the applicable law of Delaware, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix
the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof without any further vote or action by the shareholders. Any shares of preferred stock so issued would have priority over the
common stock with respect to dividend or liquidation rights. Any future issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in control of our Company without further action by the shareholders and may adversely affect the voting
and other rights of the holders of common stock. At present, we have no plans to neither issue any preferred stock nor adopt any series,
preferences or other classification of preferred stock. 

18 

The
issuance of shares of preferred stock, or the issuance of rights to purchase such shares, could be used to discourage an unsolicited
acquisition proposal. For instance, the issuance of a series of preferred stock might impede a business combination by including class
voting rights that would enable the holder to block such a transaction, or facilitate a business combination by including voting rights
that would provide a required percentage vote of the stockholders. In addition, under certain circumstances, the issuance of preferred
stock could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of the common stock. Although the Board of Directors is required to make
any determination to issue such stock based on its judgment as to the best interests of our stockholders, the Board of Directors could
act in a manner that would discourage an acquisition attempt or other transaction that some, or a majority, of the stockholders might
believe to be in their best interests or in which stockholders might receive a premium for their stock over the then market price of
such stock. The Board of Directors does not at present intend to seek stockholder approval prior to any issuance of currently authorized
stock, unless otherwise required by law or stock exchange rules. We have no present plans to issue any preferred stock. 

The
description of certain matters relating to the securities of the Company is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions
of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the Company s Form
10 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 2, 2012, as updated by the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities
Exchange Commission on October 15, 2013. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock and do not presently intend to pay cash dividends prior to the consummation of a business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future, if any, will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to consummation of a business combination, if any. The payment of any dividends
subsequent to a business combination, if any, will be within the discretion of our then existing board of directors. It is the present
intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, the board of
directors does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not have any equity compensation plans or any individual compensation arrangements with respect to its common stock or preferred
stock. The issuance of any of our common or preferred stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which has the power to
issue any or all of our authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued 400,000 shares of common stock to Prashant Mehta in connection with the consulting
services agreement entered into, by and between US Nuclear Corp and Prashant Mehta. 

During
the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued 625,000 shares of common stock in in relation to debt that was obtained. 

During
the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued 1,600,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of principle, interest, and fees
on a Convertible Note held by a third party. 

During
the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued 203,027 shares of common stock to Carter Terry Co. in connection with investor
relations services provided by the consultant. 

During
the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued 40,000 shares of common stock to Richard Cavalli in connection with investor relations
services provided by the consultant. 

During
the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock to Howard Isaacs in connection with investor relations
services provided by the consultant. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

19 

ITEM
6. [ Reserved ] 

As a smaller
reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended
to help the reader understand US Nuclear Corp, our operations and our present business environment. MD A is provided as a supplement
to and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained
in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. 

We
were incorporated in Delaware on February 14, 2012, and on March 2, 2012, we filed a registration statement on Form 10 to register with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a public company. We were originally organized as a vehicle to investigate and,
if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. 

On
April 18, 2012, Richard Chiang, then our sole director and shareholder, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement whereby Mr. Goldstein
of US Nuclear Corp purchased 10,000,000 shares of our common stock from Mr. Chiang, which constituted 100 of our issued and outstanding
shares of common stock. Mr. Chiang then resigned from all positions. Subsequently, on May 18, 2012, the Registrant appointed Mr. Chiang
to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. He resigned from this position on March 31, 2013. 

Since
our acquisition of Overhoff Technology in 2006, we have had discussions with other companies in our industry for an acquisition. While
we targeted Overhoff due to its unique position in the tritium market, we had not commenced an acquisition since our Overhoff Technology
acquisition; we believe in part the reason was due to lack of additional capital, our status as a privately-held entity at the time,
and focus on developing our own products. We will seek out companies whom our management believes will provide value to our customers
and will complement our business. We will focus on diversifying our product line into a larger range so that our customers and vendors
may have a more expansive experience in type, choice, options, price and selection. We also believe that with a more diverse product
line we will become more competitive as our industry is intensely competitive. 

Generally,
our product concentration places a heavy reliance on our Overhoff Technology division. In 2022, we derived 55.9 of our total revenues
from sales made by Overhoff to two customers. We expect to encounter a continuation of this trend unless we are successful in diversifying
our client base, executing our acquisition strategy and experience increases in business from our Technical Associates division. 

Our international revenues were 26.57 of our total revenue in 2022.
We expect this to increase over time as we continue to field new orders inquires and engage new customers overseas and recover post-pandemic.
We believe that South Korea and China will likely be a larger contributor to revenue within the next few years. While we maintain steady
growth domestically, the international side of our business may be a larger component as nuclear technology and rapid development for
clean energy grows abroad. Additionally, the Company relies on continued growth and orders from CANDU reactors (Canada Deuterium Uranium),
and rapid development of the next generation of nuclear reactors called Molten Salt Reactors, (MSR) and Liquid-Fluoride Thorium Reactors
(LFTR), all of which purchase tritium detection and monitor products. There can be no assurances as to our growth projections and our
risk profile as we depend upon increased foreign customers for business. 

20 

Robert
I. Goldstein, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors also maintains a position as President of
Gold Team Inc., a Delaware company that invests in industrial real estate properties for investment purposes. He holds an 8 interest
in Gold Team Inc. and spends approximately 5 hours per week with affairs related to Gold Team Inc. The Company leases its current facilities
from Gold Team Inc. which owns both the Canoga Park, CA and Milford, Ohio properties at an expense of 7,000 for each facility per month. 

On
May 31, 2016, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Electronic Control Concepts ECC whereby the Company purchased
certain tangible and intangible assets of ECC. ECC a small manufacturer of test and maintenance
meters for x-ray machines both medical and industrial. We acquired ECC to
give a boost to our current x-ray related product and hospital/medical product sales. 

Cali
From Above CFA is a US Nuclear Corp subsidiary which was formed and began operations on January 28, 2021. CFA is
a commercially recognized aerial mapping, aerial surveying, and airborne inspections company. CFA was formed to expand the Company s
presence in the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle market. The Company believes this market is rapidly growing and changing and feel it is an important
growth opportunity. Incorporating as its own subsidiary provides the opportunity to specialize specifically in UAVs and UAV services. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 
 2,091,366 
 2,137,607 
 (46,241 
 -2.21 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 1,303,298 
 760,955 
 542,343 
 41,61 
 
 Gross profit 
 788,068 
 1,376,652 
 (588,584 
 -74.69 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 2,284,099 
 2,738,841 
 (454,742 
 -19.91 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,496,031 
 (1,362,189 
 (133,842 
 8.95 

Other expense 
 (546,764 
 (514,495 
 (32,269 
 5.90 
 
 Loss before provision for income taxes 
 (2,042,795 
 (1,876,684 
 (166,111 
 8.13 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 
 (2,042,795 
 (1,876,684 
 (166,111 
 8.13 

21 

Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 2,091,366 compared
to 2,137,607 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 46,241 or 2.21 is considered by management to be indicative of economic
conditions as revenue across all subsidiaries post-Coronavirus pandemic remains constant, however growth was slowed in 2022 due to political
and economic uncertainties. The revenue breakdown for the year ended December 31, 2022, is as follows: 

North America 73.43 

Asia (including Japan) 25.03 

Other 1.54 

Our gross margin for the year ended December 31,
2022 was 37.68 as compared to 64.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in gross margin is due to a slight decrease in
sales and an increase to cost of goods sold. 

Selling and general and administrative expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 454,742 or 19.91 to 2,284,099; down from 2,738,841 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease is largely attributed to a reduction in payroll costs. 

Other expense for the year ended December 31,
2022, was 546,764, an increase of 32,269 from 514,495 for 2021. Other expense in 2022 consists of interest expense and amortization
of debt discount. In 2021, other expense consisted of interest expense, write down of investments, interest expense, and equity loss in
investment offset by a gain on forgiveness of debt. 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 2,042,795 compared
to net loss of 1,876,684 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our operations have historically been financed
by our majority stockholder. As funds were needed for working capital purposes, our majority stockholder would loan us the needed funds.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s majority shareholder paid expenses on behalf of the Company of 6,214 and
loaned an additional 304,633 to the Company. We anticipate the growth of our business through the sale of our common stock and loans
from our majority stockholder, if necessary. 

At December 31, 2022, total assets increased by
 257,551 or 8.28 from 2,851,186 at December 31, 2021 due to an increase in accounts receivable and inventory. 

At December 31, 2022, total liabilities increased
by 30.29 to 3,457,041 from 2,409,917 at December 31, 2021 due to an increase in accrued liabilities, accounts payable, accrued compensation
paid to officers, convertible notes, note payable to shareholder, and an increase in our line of credit balances. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States US GAAP ). US GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations
of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses amounts reported. These estimates can
also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial
condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively
applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant
estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements. 

22 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. ASC 740 requires a company to use the
asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences,
and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the
opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of, the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that
is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
capital resources. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Please
see the financial statements beginning on page F-1 located elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange
Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. The disclosure controls and procedures ensure that all information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rule and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, these disclosure controls and procedures were
ineffective. 

23 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our Officers are responsible
to design or supervise a process that provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The policies and procedures
include: 

maintenance of records
 in reasonable detail to accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets, 

reasonable assurance that
 transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors,
 and 

reasonable assurance regarding
 prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our
 financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of the end of the period December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated
Framework. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the fiscal
year December 31, 2022, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective due to the following. 

Lack of proper segregation
 of duties. 

No formal documentation
 of our internal controls 

Lack of multiple levels
 of supervision and review 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our
management has determined that there were no changes made in the implementation of our internal controls over financial reporting during
the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Attestation
Report of Independent Public Accounting Firm 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting because as a smaller reporting company we are not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION 

Not applicable 

ITEM 9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable 

24 

PART
III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

On
June 30, 2022, US Nuclear Corp, a Delaware corporation (the Company received notice of resignation by its Chief Financial
Officer, Rachel Boulds. Ms. Boulds resignation did not result from any disagreement with the Company. 

On
the same day, the Company appointed its Chief Operating Officer, Richard Landry, to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
effective as of June 30, 2022. Mr. Landry s compensation will not be altered as a result of his appointment to CFO. 

The following table contains information concerning our directors and
executive officers through the date of filing of this report. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

Robert I. Goldstein 
 74 
 President, Chief Executive Officer,
 and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Richard Landry 
 27 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Michael Hastings 
 80 
 Member of the Board of Directors 

Dell Williamson 
 66 
 Member of the Board of Directors 

Officers
and Directors 

Robert
I. Goldstein President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Mr. Goldstein entered
the radiation detection industry in 1972 as an applications engineer, production manager, and then general manager for Optron Scientific
Company, Inc. DBA, Technical Associates . Mr. Goldstein is a physicist and an award-
winning specialist in the nuclear radiation detection industry and has more than 30 years of experience in the field. He has authored
more than 20 white papers and abstract presentations on industrial research use of radiation measurement equipment and instruments. His
work has been approved by US Federal standards set by the EPA (Environmental Protection Agency), FDA (Food and Drug Administration),
and NRC (Nuclear Regulatory Commission). Mr. Goldstein has also worked closely with and continues ongoing joint development programs
with Los Alamos National Lab and Jefferson National Lab. He was instrumental in the acquisition of Overhoff Technology Corp, at the time,
the world s only tritium detection company, in 2006. His experience in the field of radiation detection ranges from development
of instrumentation to design and development for air, water and surface applications. He is also an accomplished inventor having invented
miniature radiation detectors for use during surgery. Mr. Goldstein graduated from MIT with a BS in Physics and from Stanford University
with an MS in Mechanical Engineering. Mr. Goldstein is affiliated with the following scientific groups: Health Physics Society, American
Nuclear Society, DOE (US Department of Energy) Tritium Focus Group, Air Monitoring User s Group and Health Physics Instrument Committee. 

25 

Richard
Landry Chief Financial Officer, Director of Investor Relations and Business Development Consultant: Mr. Landry began
his career in the financial world as a proprietary trader while in college; majoring in Mathematics and Applied Physics. Through an investment
banking internship, Mr. Landry furthered his experience in Finance, which eventually lead him to Source 1 Capital, where he spear-headed
the business development, marketing and assisted in structuring capital for public and private companies. This included advising, marketing,
sourcing, evaluating, and conducting due diligence on new opportunities. Mr. Landry has been instrumental in assisting in raising/structuring
almost 1.5B worth in new capital deal flow. He has built-out and devised algorithms/trading strategies for top hedge funds, implemented
CRMs for emerging tech companies, established sales growth strategies while maintaining regulatory requirements, worked with some of
the largest asset management firms in the world such as; Fosun International and CIM, and was the Chief Compliance Officer of a Chinese
tech firm where he assisted in their 150 million capital raise, as well as maintaining their compliance with China s One Belt
One Road Initiative. His responsibilities at US Nuclear Corp include marketing, research on new technologies, oversight of day-to-day
activities, raising capital, procuring new contracts, and evaluating/structuring new acquisitions for the company. 

Michael
Hastings Member of the Board of Directors: Mr. Hastings has been a corporate finance officer for over thirty years in
the medical device industry with C.R. Bard, Inc. (predecessor to Becton Dickinson), and in the industrial battery industry with EnerSys,
Inc. (NYSE: ENS). Mr. Hastings retired from EnerSys in 2011 as its Vice President and Treasurer with company revenue of 2 billion and
operations in all parts of the world. His responsibilities included global treasury operations including debt and capital transactions;
corporate tax; hedging of currencies, interest rate exposures and the price of raw materials; credit management; pension plan investments;
and investor relations. He participated fully in due diligence, valuation and negotiation of numerous acquisitions. Mr. Hastings was
also a member of the Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer of MegaGraphite, Inc. - a private graphite exploration company in
Canada between 2011 and when it was sold in 2014. Mr. Hastings was a member of the Board of Directors of Organic Transit, Inc., a private
solar electric vehicle company in the United States, from 2018 until the company was sold in 2020. Mr. Hastings has no prior business
relationship with the Company. 

Dell
Williamson Member of the Board of Directors: Mr. Williamson began his career at Overhoff Technology Corporation Overhoff in 1982. As set forth in prior disclosures, Overhoff is an operating division of the Company, and thus an affiliate or related party
of the Company. Mr. Williamson is currently the Vice President for production at Overhoff Technology Corporation. His duties include
design, engineering and calibration as well as managing production. Mr. Williamson graduated from Cincinnati Technical College with a
degree in electronics technology. He furthered his education and attended the University of Cincinnati where he majored in industrial
management and mechanical engineering. Mr. Williamson has become an expert in the use, design and construction of Tritium measurement
systems. He serves as the technical interface between the user/scientist and the Overhoff factory. He is a member of the following scientific
groups: Health Physics Society, American Nuclear Society, DOE (US Department of Energy) Tritium Focus Group, DOE (US Department of Energy)
Air Monitoring User s Group, DOE (US Department of Energy) Health Physics Instrument Committee. Mr. Williamson has no prior experience
in serving as a director of a publicly reporting company. 

In particular, 

With respect to Mr. Goldstein,
 the board considered his perspective and experience with our ongoing strategy and operations that he has obtained through his service
 to the Company and his ability to evaluate and assist with potential acquisitions and business opportunities. 

With respect to Mr. Hastings,
 the board considered his extensive managerial and financial expertise, as well as his experience in the medical device industry and
 his previous experience serving on a board of directors. 

With respect to Mr. Williamson,
 the board considered his long tenure as Vice President of Overhoff Technology Corporation, as well as his technical and engineering
 expertise and knowledge he has obtained through his service to the Company. 

26 

The Board
of Directors and Committees 

As
of the date of this Report, we had one independent director. We anticipate appointing additional independent directors as required
in the future. 

Audit
Committee 

As
of the date of this Report, we did not have a standing Audit Committee. We intend to establish an Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors, which will consist of independent directors, of which at least one director will qualify as a qualified financial expert
as defined in the regulations of the SEC. The Audit Committee s duties would be to recommend to our Board of Directors
the engagement of independent auditors to audit our consolidated financial statements and to review our accounting and auditing principles. The
Audit Committee would review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal
auditors, if any, and independent public accountants, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal
control. The Audit Committee would at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of our Board
of Directors, free from any relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who
possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. As of the date of this Report, we
did not have an audit committee financial expert, in light of our size, although we intend to review this issue as the Company grows,
especially as the Company implements a standing Audit Committee. 

Compensation
Committee 

As
of the date of this Report, we did not have a standing Compensation Committee. We intend to establish a Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee would review and approve our salary and benefits policies, including
compensation of executive officers. The Compensation Committee would also administer any stock option plans that we may adopt
and recommend and approve grants of stock options under such plans. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

As
of the date of this Report, we did not have a standing Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. We intend to establish a
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors to assist in the selection of director nominees, approve director
nominations to be presented for stockholder approval at our annual meeting of stockholders and fill any vacancies on our Board of Directors,
consider any nominations of director candidates validly made by stockholders, and review and consider developments in corporate governance
practices. 

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of the Securities Exchange Act Of 1934 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Section 16(a) ), requires our Directors and executive officers,
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities (collectively, Section 16
reporting persons ), to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our Common Stock
and other equity securities. Section 16 reporting persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms they file. 

To
our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of any such reports furnished to us, none of the Section 16 reporting persons failed
to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to our most recent fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Code
of Ethics 

As
of the date of this Report, we had not adopted a formal, written code of conduct Code of Ethics within the specific guidelines
promulgated by the SEC, although we intend to adopt a Code of Ethics. 

27 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
Compensation 

Our
President, CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors, Robert I. Goldstein and our Chief Financial Officer, Richard Landry are compensated
for their services to the Company; no other officer receives compensation from the Company. Until the Company acquires additional capital,
it is not anticipated that any other officer other than these three individuals will receive compensation from the Company other than
reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of the Company. 

The
Company has no stock option, retirement, pension, or profit-sharing programs for the benefit of directors, officers or other employees,
but our officers and directors may recommend adoption of one or more such programs in the future. 

Employment
Agreements and Compensation 

On
November 4, 2014, we entered into a five-year Employment Agreement with our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
of Directors, Robert I. Goldstein. The Agreement calls for a salary of 100,000 per year, with his compensation beginning in fiscal 2015
and payable in January 2016. Mr. Goldstein later agreed to temporarily reduce his compensation to 50,000 for 2015. Compensation for
2016 increased to 100,000 as authorized by the Board of Directors and has remained 100,000 through December 31, 2022. 

On
February 27, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Richard Landry, our COO. Mr. Landry is entitled to receive monthly compensation
of 10,000. During 2022, Mr. Landry became our CFO and his monthly compensation has remained the same. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table provides information regarding the compensation of our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Robert I. Goldstein President, 
 2022 
 100,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 100,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors (1) 
 2021 
 100,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 100,000 

Richard Landry, 
 2022 
 120,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 120,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 
 100,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 100,000 

(1) 
 Mr. Goldstein has accrued unpaid salary. 

(2) 
 Mr. Landry has accrued unpaid salary. 

28 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

As
of the date of this Report, the Registrant has not entered into any Equity Incentive Plans. 

Option
Grants in the Last Fiscal Year 

No
Stock Appreciation Rights SARs or options to purchase our stock were granted to the Named Executive Officers during fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Retirement
Plan 

We
do not currently have any retirement plan, but we expect to adopt one in the near term. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table provides information concerning the compensation of the directors of the Company for the past fiscal year: 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Robert I.
 Goldstein 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Michael Hastings 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Dell Williamson 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

The Company does not have an audit committee financial expert. 

29 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

As of the
date of this Report, there were 35,798,087 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the beneficial ownership of the outstanding shares as of the date of this Report, (i) each of our executive officers and directors;
and (ii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Except
as otherwise indicated, each such person has investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws
where applicable. The address for all individuals for whom an address is not otherwise indicated is 7051 Eton Avenue, Canoga Park,
CA 91303. 

Name of
 Beneficial Owner 
 Amount
 and 
Nature of Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 Percent ) of 
 Common 
 Stock 

Robert I. Goldstein, President
 CEO, Chairman 
 10,850,000 
 34.3 

Richard Landry, CFO 
 242,823 

Michael Hastings, Board Member 
 639,051 
 2.0 

Dell Williamson, Board Member 
 60,000 

All Directors and Officers as a Group (5 persons) 
 11,791,874 
 37.3 

indicates
less than 1 

Significant
Employees 

We
are dependent on the experience, knowledge, skill and expertise of our President and CEO Robert I. Goldstein. We are also in large part
dependent on Dell Williamson, Manager of the Overhoff Division, and Ivan Mitev, our Chief Engineer at the Overhoff Division, Ian Embry
in sales, and Rowena Paredes in accounting. The loss of any of the key personnel listed above could materially and adversely affect our
future business efforts. Our success depends in substantial part upon the services, efforts and abilities of Robert I. Goldstein, our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, due to his experience, history and knowledge of the nuclear radiation industry and his overall
insight into our business direction. The loss or our failure to retain Mr. Goldstein, or to attract and retain additional qualified personnel,
could adversely affect our operations. We do not currently carry key-man life insurance on Mr. Goldstein or any of our officers
and have no present plans to obtain this insurance. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among directors, executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become directors or
executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There
have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the
evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director, executive officer, promoter or control person of Registrant during the past
five years. 

30 

Meetings
of the Board of Directors 

Mr.
Goldstein was elected director by the former sole stockholder of the Company in April 18, 2012. On March 28, 2014, Dr. Gerald Entine
was elected to serve on the Board of Directors. On May 22, 2018, Gerald Entine died, leaving a vacancy on the Board of Directors for
the Company. In order to fill the vacancy resulting from Mr. Entine s death, the Board of Directors consented in lieu of a meeting
to nominate Dell Williamson for appointment to the Board of Directors following receipt and review from Mr. Williamson his Confidential
Bad Actor Disqualifying Event Statement confirming no disqualifying event, as defined under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D
under the 1933 Securities Act and confirmation of receipt of the Company s Insider Trading Policy and related memorandum regarding
the same (as disclosed in prior filings). In addition, pursuant to Article IV of the Company s Bylaws, as amended, the Board of
Directors nominated Michael G. Hastings to serve as a director on the Board of Directors following receipt and review of the same disclosures
and documents produced by Mr. Williamson, as identified herein. By signing the consent resolution, Mr. Williamson and Mr. Hastings accepted
appointment as directors on the Board of Directors. The Board establishes policy and provides strategic direction, oversight, and
control of the Company. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the Board of Directors had no standing audit, compensation, nominating
or other committees, although the Board intends to establish such committees in the future. 

Nominating
Committee 

We
have not adopted any procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Retirement
Plan 

We do not
currently have any retirement plan, but we expect to adopt one in the near term. 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

As
stated in our Item 2, Properties disclosure on this Form 10-K, the Company s executive offices are located in Canoga Park, CA,
at 7051 Eton Avenue, Canoga Park, California 91303. The lease payment for each facility was 6,000, paid monthly through July 31, 2016.
Per the Company s lease agreement, the lease payment increased to 7,000 on August 1, 2016. Robert I. Goldstein, our President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors also maintains a position as President of Gold Team Inc., a Delaware company
that invests in industrial real estate properties for investment purposes. Mr. Goldstein holds an 8 interest in Gold Team Inc. The Company
leases its current facilities from Gold Team Inc. which owns both the Canoga Park, CA and Milford, Ohio properties. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
majority shareholder paid expenses on behalf of the Company of 6,214 and loaned an additional 304,633. The amounts due to Mr. Goldstein
are 874,679 and 576,260 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The aggregate fees billed by the Company s
current auditor Fruci Associates II, PLLC, for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements,
review of our quarterly financial statements or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
were 83,958 and 82,500 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Audit
Related Fees 

There
were no fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Tax
Fees 

There
were no fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice, tax planning for the year December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

All
Other Fees 

There
were no fees billed for other products and services for the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

31 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

15(a)(1).
Financial Statements 

The
following consolidated financial statements, and related notes and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are filed
as part of this Annual Report: 

US
Nuclear Corp. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Contents 

Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: 05525 F-2 Report of F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of US
Nuclear Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of US Nuclear Corp. and Subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
an accumulated deficit and net losses. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation of Goodwill 

Description of the Critical Audit Matter 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company has goodwill with a carrying value of 570,176 and is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if impairment
indicators arise. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded no impairment charge. 

Auditing management s goodwill impairment test
was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the goodwill and underlying
business unit. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as the Company s financial
forecast, discount rate, and operating costs, which are impacted by expectations about future market and economic conditions. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

To test the estimated fair value of the Company s
goodwill and underlying business unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among other things: 

Developed an independent expectation and performed independent assessment of balance. 

Reviewed current financial forecast in light of management s current plans, and the historical basis
of management s estimates based on its current operating results that would result from changes in the assumptions. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. May 11, 2023 

F- 3 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

Investments 

Acquisition deposit 

Goodwill 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued compensation - officers 

Customer deposit 

Notes payable 

Convertible notes payable, net of debt discount 
 
 -

Note payable to shareholder 

Line of credit 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Note payable, net of current portion 
 -
 
 -

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS CONTINGENCIES 
 -
 
 -

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Common shares to be issued 
 
 -

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Consulting expense 
 -

Professional fees 

Officer compensation 

Payroll and related expense 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Other income 
 -

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 -

Equity loss in investment 
 -

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Deemed dividend for down-round provision in warrants 

Net loss attributed to common stockholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted

Loss per share basic and diluted

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Common Shares to be 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Issued 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 

Issuance of common stock for services 

- 
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for conversion of convertible debenture and accrued interest 

- 
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for investment 

- 
 
 -

Deemed dividend for down round provision in warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

Issuance of common stock for services 

- 
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for loan incentive 

- 
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt and accrued interest 

- 
 
 -

Debt discount on issuance of convertible debt 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 
 -

Deemed dividend for down-round provision in warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

-

Common stock to be issued for services 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 
 -

Issuance of common stock for services 

Expenses paid directly by majority shareholder 
 -

Operating lease expense 
 -

Amortization of debt discounts 
 
 -

Forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 -

Finance costs 
 
 -

Equity loss in investment 
 -

Write-down of investments 
 -
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued compensation - officers 

Customer deposits 

Operating lease liability 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 -

Payment of acquisition deposit 
 -

Cash paid for investment 
 -
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net borrowings (repayments) under lines of credit 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 
 -

Proceeds from notes payable 
 -

Repayments for notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 
 
 -

Proceeds from note payable to shareholder 

Repayments for note payable to shareholder 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Taxes paid 
 -
 
 -

Interest paid 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities 

Beneficial conversion feature on down-round provision 
 
 -

Common shares issued for future services 

Deemed dividend on down round provision 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible debt and accrued interest 
 
 -

Original issue debt discount 
 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

for the year ended December 31, 2022 and had an accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022, which raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

F- 8 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively. 

F- 9 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Leasehold improvement 

Equipment 

Computers and software 

F- 10 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

or more, but less than on the equity method
in accordance with ASC 323. 

F- 11 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company provides a one-year warranty on all sales. Warranty expense for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was insignificant. The Company does not provide unconditional right of return, price protection
or any other concessions to its customers. 

likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

F- 12 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and warrants outstanding,
respectively, to purchase shares of common stock. Basic and diluted earnings per share are the same during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 due to the net loss incurred. As of December 31, 2022, the number of potentially dilutive shares issuable on our convertible
notes and accrued interest was . 

reportable segments. See Note 11. 

F- 13 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Work in Progress 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

. 

Leasehold Improvements 

Equipment 

Computers
 and software 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had of fully depreciated property and equipment that is still in use. 

F- 14 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

ownership interest in MIFTEC. The consideration for the exclusive manufacturing rights
and a ownership interest in MIFTEC was and shares of the Company s common stock valued at . The fair
value was determined based on the Company s stock price on August 3, 2018. The Company recorded the value of the interest in
MIFTEC at and recorded as the acquisition of manufacturing and supply rights in the accompanying consolidated statement
of operations during the year ended December 31, 2018. The Company evaluated this investment for impairment and determined that an impairment
of was necessary during the year ended December 31, 2019. The carrying value of this investment at December 31, 2022 and 2021
was and , respectively. 

The option was rescinded and the Company received shares of MIFTI common stock which represents an ownership of approximately
 for its investment. The Company evaluated this investment for impairment and determined that an impairment of 
was necessary during the year ended December 31, 2019. The carrying value of this investment at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and , respectively. 

shares of Grapheton s common stock over a two-year period.
At closing, the Company was issued at total of shares of Grapheton s common stock for and shares of the
Company s common stock valued at . 

shares of Grapheton s
common stock in exchange for the Company s issuing an additional shares of common stock valued at .
In addition, Grapheton fulfilled its requirements under the earn out provision and the Company is obligated to make the first earn out
payment of . This amount is recorded as accrued expense in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

of Grapheton
and accounts for its investment in Grapheton using the equity method of accounting is in accordance with ASC 323. 

F- 15 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

Revenue 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses 

Other
 expenses 

Net
 loss 

during the year ended December 31, 2022. The carrying value of this investment at December
31, 2022 was . 

per annum, requires quarterly principal and interest payments of and is due on April 15, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the amount outstanding under this note payable was and , respectively. The Company was in default on payment
of the note payable as of December 31, 2022. The Company has communicated with the debt holder, and the amount is considered payable
on demand as of December 31, 2022. 

. The loan has terms of 24 months and accrues interest at per annum. In February of 2021, the Company received
two additional loans totaling under the Paycheck Protection Program of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has had these loans forgiven in the amount of as provided by the CARES Act. 

per day until the bank receives full payment. As of December 31, 2022, the balance owed by
the Company was . 

. The loan has terms of 12 months and accrues interest at 
per annum. As part of the issuance of the loan, the company identified debt discounts related to the warrants issued, the incentive shares
issued as discussed at Note 10, the beneficial conversion feature of the debt, and the expenses paid as part of the issuance. The total
debt discounts recorded as of the date of the note was . At December 31, 2022 and pursuant to the down-round provision of the
note and associated warrants, the Company reevaluated the beneficial conversion feature which resulted in additional debt discount recorded
of . 

. The loan has terms of 12 months and accrues interest at 
per annum. As part of the issuance of the loan, the company identified debt discounts related to the warrants issued, the beneficial conversion
feature of the debt, and the expenses paid as part of the issuance. The total debt discounts recorded as of the date of the note was .
At December 31, 2022 and pursuant to the down-round provision of the note and associated warrants, the Company reevaluated the beneficial
conversion feature recorded which resulted in additional debt discount recorded of . 

. 

2024 
 -

2025 
 -

2026 
 -

2027 
 -

Thereafter 
 -

F- 16 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and loaned an additional to the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s majority
shareholder loaned an additional to the Company and was repaid . The amounts due to Mr. Goldstein are and
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

with interest ranging from to . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the amounts outstanding under these lines of credit were and , respectively. 

. Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted the provision
of ASC 842 Leases. 

F- 17 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively. The cash paid under operating leases
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, has been
accrued and is shown on the balance sheet as accounts payable- related party. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease
terms were years and the weighted average discount rate was . 

shares of common stock valued at in relation to the debt that was obtained; 

shares of common stock valued at in satisfaction of convertible debt and interest; shares of common stock to consultants for services rendered valued at ; of which is recorded as shares to be issued. Pursuant to ASC 718 the company has allocated a portion of stock-based compensation to prepaid expenses until the services are provided to the Company. The amount allocated to prepaid expense at December 31, 2022 is . The fair value was determined based on the Company s stock price on the grant date. 

shares of common stock to consultants for services rendered valued at . 

shares of common stock for cash; and 

shares of common stock for an investment in Grapheton valued at . The fair value was determined based on the Company s stock price on the grant date. 

F- 18 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

-

Granted 
 -

Forfeited 
 -

Exercised 
 -

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

-

Granted 

-

Forfeited 

Exercised 
 -

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

-

therefore,
the exercise price of these warrants was adjusted from and to pursuant to the down-round provision in the warrant agreement.
 The change in fair value between the value of the warrants using the new exercise price
versus the old exercise price was calculated to be . This amount is recorded as a deemed dividend in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

reportable segments: Optron and Overhoff. Optron is located in Canoga Park, California
and Overhoff is located in Milford, Ohio. The assets and operations of the Company s recent acquisition of the assets of Electronic
Control Concepts are included with Overhoff in the table below. The assets and operations of the Company s newest subsidiary, Cali
From Above are included with Optron in the table below. 

F- 19 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Overhoff 

Corporate 
 -
 
 -

Gross profit 

Optron 

Overhoff 

Corporate 
 -
 
 -

Income (loss) from operations 

Optron 

Overhoff 

Corporate 

Interest Expenses 

Optron 

Overhoff 
 
 -

Corporate 

Net income (loss) 

Optron 

Overhoff 

Corporate 

Overhoff 

Corporate 

Goodwill 

Optron 
 -
 
 -

Overhoff 

Corporate 
 -
 
 -

F- 20 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Asia 

South America 

Other 

Deferred tax assets: 

Federal net operating loss 

State net operating loss 

Tax credit 

Goodwill 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

-
 
 -

and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the Company generating additional net operating losses. The Company s remaining
tax credit carryforwards of begin to expire in 2027 and its net operating loss carryforward of approximately begin
to expire in 2027. 

F- 21 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Net operating losses 
 - 
 - 
 
 Permanent differences 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amortization of goodwill 

Effective income tax rate 

and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the payable to Gold Team Inc. in connection with the above leases was to and ,
respectively. (See Note 9). 

F- 22 

US
NUCLEAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively. 

shares of common stock to Richard Landry in connection with the consulting
services agreement entered by and between US Nuclear Corp and Richard Landry. 

of the Company sales, and , respectively. At
December 31, 2022 two customers accounted for more than of the accounts receivable balance, and , respectively. 

of the Company sales, and ,
respectively. At December 31, 2021 two customers accounted for more than of the accounts receivable balance, and ,
respectively. 

of the Company s purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of common stock to a consultant. The shares were valued at their fair value on the date of grant, which is or per
share. 

shares in satisfaction of principle, accrued interest, and fees on convertible debt. The
value of the shares issued was or per share. 

shares to consultants as compensation for investor relations services. The shares were valued at their fair value on the date
of grant, which was or per share. 

shares
in satisfaction of principle, accrued interest, and fees on convertible debt. The value of the shares issued was or per
share. 

shares
of common stock to a consultant. The shares were valued at their fair value on the date of grant, which was or per share. 

shares of INNOVATION NATION, INC., a Nevada
Corporation, owned and held by Robert Goldstein. As a result, the Company has divested itself of its ownership of Cali From Above and
the Company now holds a interest in Innovation Nation, an OTC reporting company under the symbol (OTC:AVRI). 

shares of common stock to our Board members. The shares were valued at their fair value on the date of grant, which was 
or per share. 

shares
of common stock to a consultant. The shares were valued at their fair value on the date of grant, which was or per share. 

shares of common stock, by cashless exercise, pursuant to a Warrant Agreement associated with a convertible note payable entered into
on May 5, 2022. 

F- 23 

15(a)(2).
Financial Statement Schedules. 

None. 

15(a)(3).
Exhibits. 

Incorporated
 by reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Filed
 herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Period
 ending 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 date 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation 

10 

3.1 
 
 02/14/2012 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-Laws 

10 

3.2 
 
 02/14/2012 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Incorporation 

8-K 

3.3 
 
 05/29/2012 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate 

10 

4.1 
 
 02/14/2012 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 X 

10.1 
 
 Robert I. Goldstein Employment Agreement 

10-Q 

10.1 
 
 11/11/2014 
 
 10.2 
 
 Forgiveness of Debt and Conversion Agreement 

10-Q 

10.2 
 
 11/11/2014 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Auditor 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page
 Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 X 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: May 11, 2023 
 US Nuclear Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Robert
 I. Goldstein 

Robert I. Goldstein 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: May 11, 2023 
 US Nuclear Corp 

By: 
 /s/ Richard
 Landry 

Chief Financial Officer 

33 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_usnuclear.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

Description of the Company s Common
Stock Registered 

 Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 

The following is a summary of the current material
terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all information that may be important to you. Therefore,
you should read carefully the more detailed provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

As of April 10, 2023, US Nuclear Corp has one
class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
(1) our Common Stock, 

Description of Common Stock 

The following description of our Common Stock
is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ),
each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 

Authorized Capital Shares 

Our authorized capital shares consist of 100,000,000
shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock ). The outstanding shares of our Common Stock are fully
paid and nonassessable. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote
per share on all matters voted on by the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our Common Stock does not have cumulative
voting rights. 

Dividend Rights 

Subject to the rights of holders of outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, if any, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 

Liquidation Rights 

Subject to any preferential rights of outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, if any, holders of Common Stock will share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to our
stockholders in the event of dissolution. 

Other Rights and Preferences 

Our Common Stock has no sinking fund or redemption
provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. Holders of Common Stock may act by unanimous written consent. 

Listing 

The Common Stock is traded on OTC:QB under the
trading symbol UCLE. 

The Company believes that the provisions described above apply to actions
arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, as Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

The foregoing summary is subject to the full text of our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-2_usnuclear.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-265999) of our audit report dated May 11, 2023, with respect to the consolidated
balance sheets of US Nuclear Corp. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our
report relating to those financial statements includes an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding substantial doubt as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

We also consent to the reference to us under the
heading Experts within the Registartion Statement. 

Spokane, Washington 

 May 11, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_usnuclear.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.1 

US Nuclear Corp. 

 OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Robert I. Goldstein, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the report ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 11, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Robert I. Goldstein 

Robert I. Goldstein 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_usnuclear.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.2 

US Nuclear Corp. 

 OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Richard Landry, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the report ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 11, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Richard Landry 

Richard Landry 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_usnuclear.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1 

US Nuclear Corp. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of US Nuclear
Corp. (the Registrant) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report), I, Robert I. Goldstein, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Robert I. Goldstein and will be retained by US Nuclear Corp. and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: May 11, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Robert I. Goldstein 

Robert I. Goldstein 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_usnuclear.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.2 

US Nuclear Corp. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of US Nuclear
Corp. (the Registrant) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report), I, Richard Landry, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Richard Landry and will be retained by US Nuclear Corp. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: May 11, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Richard Landry 

Richard Landry 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ucle-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ucle-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ucle-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ucle-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ucle-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

