<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_855787_0001437749-23-010455.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14236885</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>407425</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5535627</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5332590</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1342793</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1138859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-010455.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-010455
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALPHA ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000855787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55586
		FILM NUMBER:		23824688

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14143 DENVER WEST PARKWAY, SUITE 100
		CITY:			GOLDEN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-800-819-0604

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14143 DENVER WEST PARKWAY, SUITE 100
		CITY:			GOLDEN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-010455.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 aphe20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

aphe20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended . 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer identification No 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: - 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Other OTC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately . 

The number of shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding on April 17, 2023 was shares. 

1

ALPHA ENERGY, INC. 

FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Index to Report 

 On Form 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

4 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 
			 
			 11 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 
			 
			 38 

Item 2. 

Properties 
			 
			 38 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 
			 
			 39 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 
			 
			 39 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
			 
			 39 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 
			 
			 39 

Item 7. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
			 
			 39 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

43 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

44 

Item 9A 

Control and Procedures 
			 
			 44 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 
			 
			 45 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
			 
			 46 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 
			 
			 46 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
			 
			 46 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
			 
			 46 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
			 
			 46 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
			 
			 47 

2

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 

our ability to diversify our operations; 

our ability to implement our business plan; 

our ability to attract key personnel; 

our ability to operate profitably; 

our ability to efficiently and effectively finance our operations, and/or purchase orders; 

inability to achieve future sales levels or other operating results; 

inability to raise additional financing for working capital; 

inability to efficiently manage our operations; 

the inability of management to effectively implement our strategies and business plans; 

the unavailability of funds for capital expenditures and/or general working capital; 

the fact that our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations, and they may require management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain; 

deterioration in general or regional economic conditions; 

changes in U.S. GAAP or in the legal, regulatory and legislative environments in the markets in which we operate; 

adverse state or federal legislation or regulation that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse findings by a regulator with respect to existing operations; 

Forward-looking statements are typically identified by use of terms such as may , could , should , expect , plan , project , intend , anticipate , believe , estimate , predict , potential , pursue , target or continue , the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, although some forward-looking statements may be expressed differently. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are largely based on our expectations, which reflect estimates and assumptions made by our management. These estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors. Although we believe such estimates and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently uncertain and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control. In addition, management s assumptions about future events may prove to be inaccurate. Management cautions all readers that the forward-looking statements contained in this report are not guarantees of future performance, and we cannot assure any reader that such statements will be realized or the forward-looking events and circumstances will occur. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. You should consider the areas of risk described in connection with any forward-looking statements that may be made herein. You should also consider carefully the statements under Risk Factors and other sections of this report, which address additional factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and readers should carefully review this report in its entirety, including the risks described in "Item 1A. - Risk Factors". Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and you should not rely on these statements without also considering the risks and uncertainties associated with these statements and our business. 

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary, when used in this Report the terms Alpha, "we", "our", the "Company" and similar terms refer to Alpha Energy, Inc., a Colorado corporation. In addition, when used herein and unless specifically set forth to the contrary, 2022 refers to the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 refers to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

3

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Alpha Energy, Inc. our , we , the Company) was incorporated in September 26, 2013 in the State of Colorado for the purpose of purchasing, developing and operating oil and natural gas leases. 

On February 23, 2018, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Alpha Energy Texas Operating, LLC AETO ). The business of AETO is to maximize production and cash flow from our properties and use that cash flow to explore, develop, exploit and acquire oil and natural gas properties across Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico. AETO is bonded and insured as an operator in the State of Oklahoma. 

On March 9, 2022, we closed on the acquisition of working interests and net revenue interests in leases located in Logan County, Oklahoma, with 34 well bores and related assets, production equipment (tank batteries, pumping units, pipelines) and related assets under a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Progressiveentered on February 17, 2022, located in Logan County, Oklahoma. A working capital interest represents the percentage of costs that we are obligated to pay and net revenue interest represents the percentage of revenue that we will earn from production. In most cases we are responsible for 100 of the working interest and are entitled to receive between 75 and 78 of the production revenue from the Logan Project, with the remainder going to the lessor as an overriding royalty interest per standard oil and natural gas lease terms in this area. Under the Purchase and Sale Agreement, we are entitled to receive the proceeds of production from January 1, 2022 and Progressive was required to operate the properties and transfer ownership and royalty decks to Company following a one-month transition period. Under the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company made an additional cash payment to Progressive of 490,000.00 after giving effect to 110,000.00 previously paid in option extension payments under the Option Agreement. The Company is also obligated under the Purchase and Sale Agreement to make a further payment of 3 percent of the net revenue from new wells drilled until Progressive receives an additional 350,000, of which 0 has been paid as of December 31, 2022. 

The well bores acquired consist of developed and undeveloped proven production on the Cherokee Uplift in Central Oklahoma. AETO is listed as Operator of 31 of the original 34 wellbores acquired under the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement. Two of the 31 wells are on the state s Plug or Produce list, which are wells that are not currently active and which the state has demanded either be put into production or responsibly plugged and abandoned in accordance with applicable regulation. We have reviewed these two wells and have informed the state we will plug them in the first quarter of 2023. Five wells were producing upon acquisition of the Project. We have attempted to restart an additional ten wells so far, with five being successful and five producing uneconomic volumes of water for a total of ten wells currently producing. We have added perforations in the primary producing horizon (Mississippian Lime) in three wells and may attempt hydraulic fracture treatment on one or more of them. We attempted new perforations targeting two behind-pipe zones in one well but were not able to establish production from either zone. We have other behind pipe opportunities (which are zones in a well bore that data indicate should produce hydrocarbons but which have not yet been tested) for which we have applied for necessary Location Exceptions per regulatory requirements and we intend to exploit those opportunities upon approval. We have conducted a preliminary geologic overview of the available data for the remaining wells and identified possible behind pipe opportunities. We have engaged qualified reservoir engineers and are in the process of examining best practices and economics of accessing these zones. We intend to attempt several more recompletions in the second through fourth quarters of 2023. This will include hydraulic stimulation of existing perforations in the Mississippian Lime. Wells that are not currently producing and do not appear to be good candidates for recompletion will need to be plugged and abandoned. We anticipate being able to make such decisions by the end of 2023. 

To modernize operations, we have enlisted the services of an environmental engineer to ensure that the Company has a proper Spill Prevention, Containment, and Control plan SPCC in place for each of our facilities. We have begun the process of meeting their recommendations. We are researching converting two of our existing wells for saltwater disposal. This may permit us to operate wells that are currently uneconomic because we currently truck the produced wastewater off site for disposal in commercial facilities. A significant amount of saltwater is produced along with oil and natural gas and current methods of disposal are costly. We also are researching a pipeline system to reduce the number of water trucks visiting the well sites every week and examining the economics of converting our active pumping units to electrical pumps. This would enable us to sell more natural gas (some of which is currently used to run the pumping equipment) and reduce the workload on our pumper personnel because we could control well production remotely. 

Oil and natural gas leases provide the Company the ability to produce oil and natural gas on its production sites. The leases customarily are for a term of three years and as long thereafter as oil and natural gas is produced; and provide for continuing royalty payments of between 1/8 1/4 . The Company believes it possesses appropriate rights under all leases for its current production, however lease defects or disputes may exist or arise in the future which could result in costs to the Company to rectify or result in the Company incurring additional payments to lessors. Due to the fractionalization of the mineral interests under our leases that allow for operations and the necessity of acquiring the lease rights from hundreds of said mineral owners, we believe that no one lease is material to our strategy. 

Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 

Over the past two years the impact of COVID-19 has had adverse effects on our business by slowing down our ability to work with third parties. We have witnessed supply chain related delays and increasing costs due to pandemic related inflation. It is difficult to predict what other adverse effects, if any, COVID-19 and related matters can have on our business, or against the various aspects of same. 

The COVID-19 pandemic could further negatively impact our business or results of operations through the temporary closure of our operating locations or those of our customers, contractors or suppliers. In addition, the ability of our employees, contractors and our suppliers and customers employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19, or as a result of prevention and control measures, which may significantly hamper our production throughout the supply chain and constrict sales channels. 

It is difficult to isolate the impact of the pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and our future strategic plans. 

We may experience long-term disruptions to our operations resulting from changes in government policy or guidance; quarantines of employees, customers and suppliers in areas affected by the pandemic and the presence of new variants of COVID-19; and closures of businesses or facilities critical to our business or supply chains. We are actively monitoring, and will continue to actively monitor, the pandemic and the potential impact on its operations, financial condition, liquidity, suppliers, industry and workforce. 

For a further discussion of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, please see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic . 

4

Our Strategy 

Our long-term business strategy is: 

Pursuing accretive, opportunistic acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives. We believe that there is currently a window of opportunity for us to acquire Proved Developed Producing (PDP heavy assets (wells that have been drilled and equipped and are producing marketable hydrocarbons) that also possess sizable undeveloped acreage positions from distressed and/or motivated sellers at an attractive discount to PDP PV-10 valuations. PV-10 is a metric of the time value of money commonly used in oil industry transactions. It represents the net present value of an expected cash flow, discounted at 10 (i.e., the equivalent cash right now that would equal the value of the contemplated cash flow compared to a generic investment earning 10 ). Generally, a positive PV-10 may be worth pursuing, while a negative PV-10 is not. Consequently, we currently intend to focus our growth efforts on identifying, evaluating and pursuing the acquisition of such oil and natural gas properties in areas where we currently have a presence and/or specific operating expertise that will position us to enhance our expected acquisition returns through leveraging our operational experience and expertise in order to provide productivity and cost improvements, and where appropriate, increase reserves through development drilling. We may acquire individual properties or private or publicly traded companies, in each case for cash, common stock, preferred stock or a combination thereof. We believe that the historical low commodity pricing environment, and very limited sources of debt and/or equity capital available to our industry, provides significant reserve and cash flow growth opportunities for us. 

Enhancing our existing portfolio by dedicating the majority of our drilling capital to our existing portfolio of oil and liquids-rich opportunities . A key element of our long-term strategy is to continue to develop the oil and natural gas liquids resource potential that we believe exist in numerous formations and to expand our presence in those areas. At this time, we have secured the rights to one development property in the Cherokee uplift, a well-known area with existing equipment and infrastructure and are in the process of modernizing their operations for current revenue generation. In response to the current opportunity to be an asset consolidator in the industry, we plan to limit near-term drilling capital for the foreseeable future to that necessary to fulfill leasehold commitments, preserve core acreage, and where the opportunity exists, to drill where we can add production and cash flow at attractive rates of return. We will, however, continue to evaluate high quality drilling opportunities that have the potential to add significant reserves and cash flow to our portfolio at low finding and development cost, thereby providing returns superior to those generated in the currently active unconventional resource plays. Discuss intended modernization steps and recompletions and reworks. 

Our strategy is to acquire and develop additional properties we can restart, rework, and/or recomplete through cash and/or equity transactions. Our strategy is to acquire and develop additional producing properties in the vicinity of the Cherokee Uplift similar to our existing Logan Project that we can restart, rework, recomplete, and which have proven un-drilled potential to produce oil and natural gas. In this manner, our strategy involves acquiring existing infrastructure from historic operations. Deployment of current modern technology to enhance recompletions and drilling in previously undeveloped or underdeveloped areas is part of our strategy to enhance the value of acquired properties. 

Production and Reserve Overview 

The Company engaged Liquid Gold Technologies, Inc. LGT") to evaluate and deliver a Certified SEC Reserves and Valuation Report of the Logan Project. On April 8, 2023, but dated March 27, 2023 and effective January 1, 2023, LGT delivered the report (the 03-23 Report ). LGT utilized publicly available data and data provided by the Company. 

According to the LGT Report, the project contains proven net reserves (including producing and non-producing) of 455,670 mcf of gas and 70,800 barrels of oil/condensate with an SEC PV-10 of 5,042,020 based on trailing twelve-month commodity prices of 90.57/bbl oil and 6.344/mbtu natural gas. In addition, the Logan Project contained additional probable net reserves (all non-producing or undeveloped) of 4,645,290 mcf of gas and 1,429,780 barrels of oil/condensate with an additional SEC PV-10 of 73,014,000. Total PV-10 Proved plus Probable using SEC approved pricing parameters was 78,056,020. 

After closing of the Logan Project on March 9.2022, it was determined that Seller could not deliver the full list of leases listed in the Purchase and Sale Agreement. A few months thereafter, the Company engaged LGT to provide an updated report based on the actual leases in hand after Closing and better information supplied by the Company on well production in the year prior to Closing. On July 27, 2022, but effective July 1, 2022, LGT delivered the report (the 07-22 Report ). 

According to the 07-22 Report, the Logan Project contained total PV-10 Proved plus Probable using SEC approved pricing parameters of 37,636,590. In contrast, the PV-10 Proved plus Probable valuation of the 03-23 Report 78,056,020) is over twice that of the earlier 07-22 Report. This increase is attributable to (i) an aggressive leasing program by the Company to secure lands that had been part of the original sales package but which Seller was ultimately unable to deliver per the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, (ii) a better price regime in the six months following the 07-22 Report, and (iii) identification of additional Behind Pipe productive zones, although the increase attributable to Behind Pipe zones is partly offset by a more pessimistic assessment of expected production from currently active wells. 

The Company sells oil and natural gas on the spot market. It does not have a contractual price nor any delivery commitments. The Company does not have any hedges currently in place. It will explore these and other options for selling its product once volumes have increased. 

The Company uses Liquid Gold Technologies Corporation LGT for annual reserve estimates according to SEC guidelines. LGT is certified to perform such estimates. The Company uses their reports as a guide for size and timing of planned expenditures. It should be noted on the most recent report that the size of the reserves is largely determined by yet-to-be-drilled horizontal wells in the Woodford Shale. The upside potential provided by the Woodford opportunity drove the decision to purchase this project, rather than the known low, late-stage production from the existing wells. 

Geological and geophysical 

We may engage detailed geological interpretation combined with advanced seismic exploration techniques to identify the most promising drilling sites within our leases. Drilling fresh wells without guidance of seismic may risk drilling into an unknown fault zone and potentially losing the well in the event circulation is lost and cannot be restored. 3D seismic is especially important for guiding laterals of a horizontal drilling program: without seismic guidance, there is an increased risk of either running into a fault or simply straying out of the optimal pay zone, resulting in a sub-par or possibly sub-economic well. Additionally, advanced geostatistical techniques enable 3D seismic and modern downhole logs to be used to more accurately map reservoirs and reservoir compartments. The Company is reviewing the cost of 3D seismic, both in terms of dollars and time, to determine whether it is prudent to acquire a survey prior to drilling up to eight horizontal Woodford laterals. With the relatively small acreage block in the Logan Project, we may not be able to permit a large enough survey to acquire good data. 

5

Geological interpretation is based upon data recovered from existing oil and natural gas wells in an area and other sources. Such information is either purchased from the company that drilled the wells or becomes public knowledge through state agencies after a period of years. Through analysis of rock types, fossils and the electrical and chemical characteristics of rocks from existing wells, we can construct a picture of rock layers in the area. We will have access to the well logs and decline curves from existing operating wells. Well logs allow us to calculate an original oil or gas volume in place while decline curves from production history allow us to calculate remaining proved producing reserves. 

Market for Oil and Gas Production 

The market for oil and natural gas production is regulated by both the state and federal governments. Although the overall market is mature, producers are able to market their oil and natural gas through negotiations with purchasers in the area . The purchasers in the area will purchase all crude oil offered for sale at posted field prices, subject to adjustments for quality differences, volume incentives and other variances. The price adjustments for quality differences are based on the benchmark which is Saudi Arabian light crude oil on which Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC price changes have been based. Quality variances from benchmark crude may result in lower prices being paid for the variant oil. Oil sales are normally contracted with a purchaser or gatherer as it is known in the industry who will pick up the oil at the well site. In some instances, there may be deductions for transportation from the well head to the sales point. At this time, the majority of crude oil purchasers do not charge transportation fees unless the well is outside their service area. The purchaser or oil gatherer will sometimes handle check disbursements to both the working interest and royalty owners. If the purchasers will not handle the check disbursements (as is the case at the Logan Project), we will have to do so or contract with a third party to handle the payments and processing, we are a working interest owner. By being a working interest owner, we are responsible for the payment of our proportionate share of the operating expenses of the well. Royalty owners and overriding royalty owners receive a percentage of gross oil production from a well and are not obligated in any manner whatsoever to pay for the costs of operating the lease. Therefore, we will be paying the expenses for the oil and natural gas revenues paid to the royalty and overriding royalty interests. This is standard procedure in the industry. 

Gas sales are made by contract. The gas purchaser will pay the well operator 100 of the sales proceeds on or about the 25th of each and every month for the previous month's sales. The operator is usually responsible for all checks and distributions to the working interest and royalty owners. There is no standard price for gas. Price will fluctuate with the seasons and the general market conditions. As our production levels grow, we intend to enter into price risk management financial instruments (derivatives) to reduce our exposure to short-term fluctuations in the price of natural gas and oil and to protect our return on investments. The derivative contracts apply only to a portion of our natural gas and oil production, provide only partial price protection against declines in natural gas and oil prices and may limit the benefit of future increases in natural gas and oil prices. We do not anticipate any significant change in the manner production is purchased; however, no assurance can be given at this time that such changes will not occur. 

The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, AETO, is a party to a Crude Oil Purchase Agreement with Energy Transfer Crude Marketing LLC, or ETC, dated June 7, 2022, pursuant to which the Company sells to ETC all crude oil produced from the Logan Project. The price for the crude oil based on the weighted average price of West Texas Intermediate crude for the trade month, and valued in the trade as Sunoco OK SW crude. The term of the agreement is month-to-month and may be terminated by either party upon 30 days advance written notice. 

The Company is a party to a Gathering and Processing Agreement with ETC Pipeline, Ltd., dated August 1, 2022, pursuant to which ETC Pipeline LTD provides certain gathering, processing and related services with respect to gas produced by the Company. The agreement provides that the fees for such services will be set forth in a transaction confirmation to be entered into with respect to the provision of specific services. The term of the Agreement is month-to-month and may be terminated by either party upon 60 days advance written notice. 

Seasonality 

Winter weather conditions and lease stipulations can limit or temporarily halt the drilling and producing activities of our operating partners and other oil and natural gas operations. These constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay or temporarily halt the operations of our operating partners and materially increase our operating and capital costs. Such seasonal anomalies can also pose challenges for meeting well drilling objectives and may increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the spring and summer months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay or temporarily halt our operating partners operations. 

Insurance 

We maintain insurance coverage at levels and on terms and conditions that we believe to be customary in the oil and natural gas industry. We maintain coverage for commercial general, automobile, and umbrella insurance up to 3,000,000 and for well control, 5,000,000. 

Competition 

The oil and natural gas industry is highly competitive. Our competitors and potential competitors include major oil companies and independent producers of varying sizes which are engaged in the acquisition of producing properties and the exploration and development of prospects. Most of our competitors have greater financial, personnel and other resources than we do and therefore have greater leverage in acquiring prospects, hiring personnel and marketing oil and natural gas. In addition, larger companies operating in the same area may be willing or able to offer oil and natural gas at a lower price. 

6

We compete in Oklahoma with over 500 independent companies and approximately 40 significant independent operators including Marathon Oil, Devon Energy, Pioneer Natural Resources, and Mewbourne Oil Company in addition to over 450 smaller operations with no single producer dominating the area. Major operators such as ExxonMobil, Shell Oil, ConocoPhillips, and others that are considered major players in the oil and natural gas industry retain significant interests in Oklahoma. 

We believe that we can successfully compete against other independent companies by utilizing the expertise of our staff and consultants familiar with the structures to be developed, maintaining low corporate overhead and otherwise efficiently developing current lease interests. 

Government Regulation 

The production and sale of oil and natural gas is subject to regulation by state, federal and local authorities. There are statutory provisions regulating the production of oil and natural gas under which administrative agencies may set allowable rates of production and promulgate rules in connection with the operation and production of such wells, ascertain and determine the reasonable market demand of oil and natural gas, and adjust allowable rates with respect thereto. 

The sale of liquid hydrocarbons was subject to federal regulation under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975 which amended various acts, including the Emergency Petroleum Allocation Act of 1973. These regulations and controls included mandatory restrictions upon the prices at which most domestic and crude oil and various petroleum products could be sold. All price controls and restrictions on the sale of crude oil at the wellhead have been withdrawn. It is possible, however, that such controls may be re-imposed in the future but when, if ever, such reimposition might occur and the effect thereof is unknown. 

Our operations are subject to extensive and continually changing regulation because of legislation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is under constant review for amendment and expansion. Many departments and agencies, both federal and state, are authorized by statute to issue and have issued rules and regulations binding on the oil and natural gas industry and its individual participants. The failure to comply with such rules and regulations can result in large penalties. The regulatory burden on this industry increases our cost of doing business and, therefore, affects our profitability. However, we do not believe that we are affected in a significantly different way by these regulations than our competitors are affected. 

Transportation and Sale 

We can make sales of oil, natural gas and condensate at market prices, which are not subject to price controls at this time. The price that we receive from the sale of these products is affected by our ability to transport and the cost of transporting these products to market. Under applicable laws, FERC regulates: 

the construction of natural gas pipeline facilities, and 

the rates for transportation of these products in interstate commerce. 

Our possible future sales of natural gas are affected by the availability, terms and cost of pipeline transportation. The price and terms for access to pipeline transportation remain subject to extensive federal and state regulation. Several major regulatory changes have been implemented by Congress and FERC from 1985 to the present. In addition, Federal regulation to improve the safety of existing pipeline infrastructure by replacement could increase the cost of interstate transportation. FERC s 2022 review of its policies relating to natural gas pipeline infrastructure could ultimately increase the cost of approving new interstate capacity or delay new interstate capacity being constructed. These changes affect the economics of natural gas production, transportation and sales. FERC is continually proposing and implementing new rules and regulations affecting these segments of the natural gas industry that remain subject to FERC's jurisdiction. The most notable of these are natural gas transmission companies. 

Effective as of January 1, 1995, FERC implemented regulations establishing an indexing system for transportation rates for oil. These regulations could increase the cost of transporting oil to the purchaser. We do not believe that these regulations will affect us any differently than other oil producers and marketers with which we compete. FERC does not regulate the construction of oil and natural gas liquids pipeline facilities, which is left to the states. 

7

Drilling and Production . 

Our anticipated drilling and production operations are subject to regulation under a wide range of state and federal statutes, rules, orders and regulations. Among other matters, these statutes and regulations govern: 

the amounts and types of substances and materials that may be released into the environment; 

the discharge and disposition of waste materials, 

the reclamation and abandonment of wells and facility sites, and 

the remediation of contaminated sites, and require: 

permits for drilling operations, 

drilling bonds, and 

reports concerning operations. 

Environmental Regulations 

General. Our operations are affected by various state, local and federal environmental laws and regulations, including the: 

Clean Air Act, 

Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 

Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 

Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"), 

Toxic Substances Control Act, and 

Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"). 

8

These laws and regulations govern the discharge of materials into the environment or the disposal of waste materials, or otherwise relate to the protection of the environment. In particular, the following activities are subject to stringent environmental regulations: 

drilling, 

development and production operations, 

activities in connection with storage and transportation of oil and other liquid hydrocarbons, and 

use of facilities for treating, processing or otherwise handling hydrocarbons and wastes. 

Violations are subject to reporting requirements, civil penalties and criminal sanctions. As with the industry generally, compliance with existing regulations increases our overall cost of business. The increased costs cannot be easily determined. Such areas affected include: 

unit production expenses primarily related to the control and limitation of air emissions and 

the disposal of produced water, 

capital costs to drill exploration and development wells resulting from expenses primarily related to the management and disposal of drilling fluids and other oil and natural gas exploration wastes, and 

capital costs to construct, maintain and upgrade equipment and facilities and remediate, plug and abandon inactive well sites and pits. 

Environmental regulations historically have been subject to frequent change by regulatory authorities. Therefore, we are unable to predict the ongoing cost of compliance with these laws and regulations or the future impact of such regulations on our operations. 

A discharge of hydrocarbons or hazardous substances into the environment could subject us to substantial expense, including both the cost to comply with applicable regulations pertaining to the cleanup of releases of hazardous substances into the environment and claims by neighboring landowners and other third parties for personal injury and property damage. We do not maintain insurance for protection against certain types of environmental liabilities. 

The Clean Air Act requires or will require most industrial operations in the United States to incur capital expenditures in order to meet air emission control standards developed by the EPA and state environmental agencies. Although no assurances can be given, we believe the Clean Air Act requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

RCRA is the principal federal statute governing the treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes. RCRA imposes stringent operating requirements, and liability for failure to meet such requirements, on a person who is either: 

a "generator" or "transporter" of hazardous waste, or 

an "owner" or "operator" of a hazardous waste treatment, storage or disposal facility. 

At present, RCRA includes a statutory exemption that allows oil and natural gas exploration and production wastes to be classified as nonhazardous waste. As a result, we will not be subject to many of RCRA's requirements because our operations will probably generate minimal quantities of hazardous wastes. 

CERCLA, also known as "Superfund," imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original act, on certain classes of persons that contributed to the release of a "hazardous substance" into the environment. These persons include: 

the "owner" or "operator" of the site where hazardous substances have been released, and 

companies that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances found at the site. 

CERCLA also authorizes the EPA and, in some instances, third parties to act in response to threats to the public health or the environment and to seek to recover from the responsible classes of persons the costs they incur. In the course of our ordinary operations, we could generate waste that may fall within CERCLA's definition of a "hazardous substance." As a result, we may be liable under CERCLA or under analogous state laws for all or part of the costs required to clean up sites at which such wastes have been disposed. Under such law we could be required to: 

remove or remediate previously disposed wastes, including wastes disposed of or released by prior owners or operators, 

clean up contaminated property, including contaminated groundwater, or 

perform remedial plugging operations to prevent future contamination. 

We could also be subject to other damage claims by governmental authorities or third parties related to such contamination. 

9

Climate Change 

Significant studies and research have been devoted to climate change, and climate change has developed into a major political issue in the United States and globally. Certain research suggests that greenhouse gas emissions contribute to climate change and pose a threat to the environment. Recent scientific research and political debate has focused in part on carbon dioxide and methane incidental to oil and natural gas exploration and production. 

In the United States, no comprehensive federal climate change legislation has been implemented to date but the current administration has indicated willingness to pursue new climate change legislation, executive actions or other regulatory initiatives to limit greenhouse gas GHG emissions. These include rejoining the Paris Agreement treaty on climate change, several executive orders to address climate change, the U.S. Methane Emissions Reduction Action Plan, and a commitment to cut greenhouse gas emissions 50-52 percent of 2005 levels by 2030. Further, legislative and regulatory initiatives are underway to that purpose. The U.S. Congress has considered legislation that would control GHG emissions through a cap and trade program and several states have already implemented programs to reduce GHG emissions. The U.S. Supreme Court determined that GHG emissions fall within the CAA definition of an air pollutant. Recent litigation has held that if a source was subject to Prevention of Significant Deterioration PSD or Title V based on emissions of conventional pollutants like sulfur dioxide, particulates, nitrogen dioxide, carbon monoxide, ozone or lead, then the EPA could also require the source to control GHG emissions and the source would have to install Best Available Control Technology to do so. As a result, a source may still have to control GHG emissions if it is an otherwise regulated source. 

In 2014, Colorado was the first state in the nation to adopt rules to control methane emissions from oil and natural gas facilities. In 2016, the EPA revised and expanded NSPS to include final rules to curb emissions of methane, a greenhouse gas, from new, reconstructed and modified oil and natural gas sources. Previously, already existing NSPS regulated VOCs, and controlling VOCs also had the effect of controlling methane, because natural gas leaks emit both compounds. However, by explicitly regulating methane as a separate air pollutant, the 2016 regulations were a statutory predicate to propose regulating emissions from existing oil and natural gas facilities. In September 2020, EPA made technical and policy changes to the methane rules that limited the scope of the rules. In 2021, President Biden issued Executive Order 13990, Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science to Tackle the Climate Crisis. In furtherance of this EO, EPA on November 2, 2021 proposed rules to regulate methane emissions from the oil and natural gas industry, including, for the first time, reductions from certain upstream and midstream existing oil and natural gas sources. These regulations also expanded controls to reduce methane emissions, such as enhancement of leak detection and repair provisions. The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PHMSA and the Department of Interior continue to focus on regulatory initiatives to control methane emissions from upstream and midstream equipment. To the extent that these regulations or initiatives remain in place and to the extent that our third-party operating partners are required to further control methane emissions, such controls could impact our business. 

In addition, our third-party operating partners are required to report their GHG emissions under CAA rules. Because regulation of GHG emissions continues to evolve, further regulatory, legislative and judicial developments are likely to occur. Such developments may affect how these GHG initiatives will impact us. Moreover, while the U.S. Supreme Court held in its 2011 decision American Electric Power Co. v. Connecticut that, with respect to claims concerning GHG emissions, the federal common law of nuisance was displaced by the CAA, the Court left open the question of whether tort claims against sources of GHG emissions alleging property damage may proceed under state common law. There thus remains some litigation risk for such claims. Due to the uncertainties surrounding the regulation of and other risks associated with GHG emissions, we cannot predict the financial impact of related developments on us. 

Legislation or regulations that may be adopted to address climate change could also affect the markets for our products by making our products more or less desirable than competing sources of energy. To the extent that our products are competing with higher GHG emitting energy sources, our products would become more desirable in the market with more stringent limitations on GHG emissions. To the extent that our products are competing with lower GHG emitting energy sources such as solar and wind, our products would become less desirable in the market with more stringent limitations on GHG emissions. We cannot predict with any certainty at this time how these possibilities may affect our operations. 

The majority of scientific studies on climate change suggest that extreme weather conditions and other risks may occur in the future in the areas where we operate, although the scientific studies are not unanimous. Although operators may take steps to mitigate any such risks, no assurance can be given that they will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we have three contractors, Jay Leaver, our President, Lacie Kellogg, our CFO, Jeffrey Wright, a contract field operations officer, and zero employees. 

10

Company's Office 

Our principal executive office is located at 14143 Denver West Parkway, Suite 100, Golden, CO 80401, where we rent a virtual office from an unrelated third party, on a month-to-month basis, for a nominal amount. The services provided include telephone answering, mail receipt, and paid access to conference rooms. We do not believe that we will need to maintain a physical office at any time in the foreseeable future in order to carry out our plan of operations described herein. 

Available Information 

You can access, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports as filed with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended on the SEC s website www.sec.gov. These documents may also be accessed on our website: www.alpha-energy.us. These documents are placed on our website as soon as is reasonably practicable after their filing with the SEC. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, the website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Certain factors may have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including the risk, factors, and uncertainties described under this Part I, Item 1A, and elsewhere in this Annual Report. This is not an exhaustive list, and there are other factors that may be applicable to our business that are not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. Any of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. You should carefully consider the risks, factors, and uncertainties described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, as well as the risk, factors, uncertainties, and other information we disclose in other filings we make with the SEC before making an investment decision regarding our securities. 

Risks Related To Our Common Stock 

We may not be successful in producing oil or natural gas from some of our wells. 

Ten of our 34 wells are currently producing oil or natural gas. We recently attempted to restart six additional wells but had to shut in five due to uneconomic volumes of water and the sixth did not yield any product. It is unlikely that many of the remaining 18 wells could be economically re-started in the existing completion zones which, as used herein, refers to the Mississippian Lime Formation. Though some of these wells may be candidates for recompletion in alternate zones or depths, we may ultimately need to plug and abandon these wells which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Acquiring oil and natural gas properties requires us to assess reservoir and infrastructure characteristics, including recoverable reserves, development and operating costs and potential environmental and other liabilities. Such assessments are inexact and inherently uncertain and include properties with which we do not have a long operational history. In connection with the assessments, we intend to perform a review of the subject properties, but such a review will not reveal all existing or potential problems. In the course of our due diligence, we may not inspect every well or pipeline. We cannot necessarily observe structural and environmental problems, such as pipe corrosion, when an inspection is made. We may not be able to obtain contractual indemnities from the seller for liabilities created prior to our purchase of a property. We may be required to assume the risk of the physical condition of properties in addition to the risk that they may not perform in accordance with our expectations. If properties we acquire do not produce as projected or have liabilities, we were unable to identify, we could experience a decline in our reserves and production, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are currently producing a limited amount of oil and natural gas. 

We produced a limited amount of oil and natural gas in 2022. Through December 31, 2022 and thereafter, our production was not sufficient to cover our operating expenses, although the production was adequate to cover a majority of our well bore field operations. 

We have not completed a detailed geological/geophysical interpretation. 

We are currently examining the costs and benefits of conducting a high-quality 3D seismic survey over the field as well as at least one full suite of modern logs because the detailed historical well for the Logan Project (files typically kept by the operator) were lost. Without such data, we are relying on the available logs and completion information available for the state. As a result of using this limited data set, we are more likely to attempt recompleting zones that end up being uneconomic which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may utilize detailed geological interpretation combined with advanced seismic exploration techniques to identify the most promising sites within our leases. Seeking fresh wells without guidance of seismic may risk incursion into an unknown fault zone and potentially losing the well in the event circulation is lost and cannot be restored. 3D seismic is especially important for guiding laterals of a horizontal drilling program: without seismic guidance, there is an increased risk of either running into a fault or simply straying out of the optimal pay zone, resulting in a sub-par or possibly sub-economic well. Additionally, advanced geostatistical techniques enable 3D seismic and modern downhole logs to be used to more accurately map reservoirs and reservoir compartments. With the relatively small acreage block in the Logan Project, we may not be able to permit a large enough survey to acquire reliable data. 

11

We do not currently have any price hedges or other derivatives in place. 

We do not currently have any price hedges or other derivatives in place with respect to commodity prices and do not intend to engage in such activities in the near future. As a result, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected by fluctuations in commodity prices. 

We conduct our own field operations. 

We currently conduct all of our field operations through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha Energy Texas Operating, LLC AETO ). Although we have a limited history of performing such operations, we believe we can perform these activities less expensively than using a third-party operator. In the event AETO cannot continue as operator (for instance, as a result of an accident or it loses its bond or insurance), then we would be forced to hire an outside operator and there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so or be able to do so on financially acceptable terms. 

We are dependent on a single purchaser of our oil. 

We sell all of our crude oil to Energy Transfer Crude Marketing LLC ETC Marketing under a month-to-month agreement which may be terminated by either party upon 30 days advance written notice. In the event this agreement were to be terminated, there can be no assurance that we would be able to continue to sell crude oil produced at the Logan Project or be able to do so on financially acceptable terms. The failure to engage an alternative service provider if we lose the services of ETC Marketing would result in our inability to sell oil. There can be no assurance that ETC Marketing will continue to provide such services or that ETC Marketing or an alternative service provider will be available to provide services on financially acceptable terms. 

We are dependent on a single purchaser of our natural gas. 

We sell all of our natural gas to ETC Pipeline, Ltd. ETC Pipeline under a month-to-month agreement which may be terminated by either party upon 60 days advance written notice. In the event this Agreement were to be terminated, there can be no assurance that we would be able to continue to sell natural gas produced at the Logan Project or be able to do so on financially acceptable terms. The failure to engage an alternative service provider if we lose the services of ETC Pipeline would result in our inability to sell natural gas. There can be no assurance that ETC Pipeline will continue to provide such services or that ETC Pipeline or an alternative service provider will be available to provide services on financially acceptable terms. 

We have a limited operating history and limited experience pursuing our strategy and may not be able to operate our business successfully. 

We have a limited operating history and limited experience pursuing our strategy. Historical results are not indicative of, and may be substantially different than, the results we achieve in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to operate our business successfully, or acquire, restart, rework or recomplete additional oil and natural gas producing properties, or become profitable. The results of our operations depend on several factors, our success in attracting and retaining motivated and qualified personnel, the availability of adequate short and long-term financing, conditions in the financial markets, prices for oil and natural gas resources, and general economic conditions. In addition, our future operating results and financial data may vary materially from historical operating results and financial data because of a number of factors. 

We may not be able to continue operating as a going concern. 

We have experienced losses from operations since inception and have never generated positive cash flow. The success of our business plan during the next 12 months and beyond will be contingent upon generating sufficient revenue to cover our operating costs and obtaining additional financing. The report from our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes an explanatory paragraph stating the Company has recurring net losses from operations, and a net capital deficiency. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. 

12

We have incurred net losses since inception. 

We have accumulated net losses of approximately 6.9 million as of December 31, 2022. These losses have had an adverse effect on our financial condition, stockholders equity, net current assets, and working capital. We will need to generate higher revenues and control operating costs in order to attain profitability. There can be no assurances that we will be able to do so or to reach profitability. We expect losses to continue for the foreseeable future. We also expect that expenses will increase significantly as we seek to operate additional wells at the Logan Project and rework, restart, and recomplete existing wells at the Logan Project and elsewhere following future acquisitions, if any. We may never succeed in implementing our business strategy and, even if we do, we may never generate revenues that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of the Company and could impair our ability to raise capital and acquire and operate additional properties. 

We will need additional capital to fund our expanding operations, and if we are not able to obtain sufficient capital, we may be forced to limit the scope of our operations. 

We expect that our planned expansion of business activities will require additional working capital. If adequate additional debt and/or equity financing is not available on reasonable terms or at all, then we may not be able to continue to develop our business activities, and we will have to modify our business plan. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our future operating results and our financial condition. 

If we are unable to raise needed additional funds to continue as a going concern, we could be forced to cease our business activities and dissolve. In such an event, we may incur additional financial obligations, including the accelerated maturity of debt obligations, lease termination fees, employee severance payments, and other creditor and dissolution-related obligations. 

Our ability to raise financing through sales of equity securities depends on general market conditions and the demand for our common stock. We may be unable to raise adequate capital through sales of equity securities, and if our stock has a low market price at the time of such sales, our existing stockholders could experience substantial dilution. If adequate financing is not available or unavailable on acceptable terms, we may find we are unable to fund expansion, continue operating our properties, take advantage of acquisition opportunities, or restart, rework, or recomplete development projects, or to respond to competitive pressures in the industry which may jeopardize our ability to continue operations. 

We have granted a security interest in all of our well bores and other assets relating to the Logan Project to affiliates of our majority stockholder to secure our obligations under secured convertible notes. 

In December 2022, the Company and 20 Shekels, Inc. an affiliate of our President Jay Leaver, and AEI Management, Inc., an affiliate of our majority stockholder, AEI Acquisition Company, LLC, entered into Exchange Agreements (the Exchange Agreements with respect to certain outstanding indebtedness of the Company. Under the Exchange Agreements, the Company entered into a new 7.25 Senior Secured Note Purchase Agreement (the NPA ), new 7.25 Senior Secured Note due December 31, 2024 (the 7.25 Notes and a Security Agreement (the 7.25 Security Agreement , and together with the NPA and 7.25 Notes, the 7.25 Transaction Documents ). Under the terms of the Exchange Agreements, 20 Shekels, Inc. was issued a 906,754 principal amount 7.25 Notes and AEI Management, Inc. was issued 413,206 principal amount 7.25 Notes. Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the 7.25 Notes are secured by assets acquired in connection with the Company s acquisition of the Logan Project, including the 34 well bores relating to the Logan Project, other than the leases. In the event that we fail in the future to make any required payment under the agreements governing our indebtedness, we would be in default with respect to that indebtedness and the lenders could declare such indebtedness to be immediately due and payable. Since substantially all of our debt obligations are secured by our assets, upon a default, our lenders may be able to foreclose on our assets, which would result io the cessation of our operations at the Logan project and materially impact our business. 

We are subject to the risks relating to start-up oil and natural gas companies, including the risk that our oil and natural gas products may not be saleable to our targeted customers. 

Our business is new to the marketplace and as such we have limited information on which to estimate our sales levels, the amount of potential revenue, and our operating and other expenses. While we believe our energy products will meet purchaser specifications and conform to industry standards, we cannot assure that we will be successful in our efforts to market our energy resources as contemplated. 

The risks, uncertainties and challenges encountered by start-up companies operating in the oil and natural gas industry include: 

Generating sufficient revenue to cover operating costs and sustain operations; 

 Acquiring and maintaining market share; 

 Attracting and retaining qualified personnel, especially engineers with the requisite technical skills; 

 Successfully developing new locations; 

 Accessing the capital markets to raise additional capital, on reasonable terms, if and when required to sustain operations or to grow the business. 

13

We face competition from larger companies that have substantially greater resources which challenges our ability to acquire, explore and develop properties and grow our business, and reach profitability. 

The oil and natural gas industry is highly competitive. Our competitors and potential competitors include major oil companies and independent producers of varying sizes which are engaged in the acquisition of producing properties and the exploration and development of prospects. Most of our competitors have greater financial, personnel and other resources than we do and therefore have greater leverage in acquiring prospects, hiring personnel and marketing oil and natural gas. In addition, larger companies operating in the same area may be willing or able to offer oil and natural gas at a lower price. 

We compete in Oklahoma with over 500 independent companies and approximately 40 significant independent operators including Marathon Oil, Devon Energy, Pioneer Natural Resources, and Mewbourne Oil Company in addition to over 450 smaller operations with no single producer dominating the area. Major operators such as ExxonMobil, Shell Oil, ConocoPhillips, and others that are considered major players in the oil and natural gas industry retain significant interests in Oklahoma. Our inability to compete effectively against these larger companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may come under increased competition from alternative energy sources and conservation could reduce demand for natural gas and oil. 

While natural gas provides a capable partner to supplement power generation in times of low wind speed or cloudy weather and gasoline provides an extremely compact, energy-dense, and relatively safe fuel for vehicles, improvements in wind and solar power and especially improvements in battery technology could lead to a decrease in demand for our primary products. There has been a general trend to move toward renewable forms of electric generation and electrification of the transportation industry. Fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to natural gas and oil could reduce demand for natural gas and oil. The impact of the changing demand for natural gas and oil services and products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 

We may not be able to keep pace with technological advances. 

The energy industry in general, and the oil and natural gas industry in particular, continue to undergo significant changes, primarily due to technological developments. Because of the rapid growth of technology, shifting consumer tastes and the popularity and availability of other forms of energy, it is impossible to predict the overall effect these factors could have on potential revenue from, and profitability of, oil and natural gas exploration and development. Additionally, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices could reduce demand for natural gas and oil. It is impossible to predict the overall effect these factors could have on our ability to compete effectively in a changing market, and if we are not able to keep pace with technological advances, then our revenues, profitability and results from operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Our results of operations may fluctuate from period to period which could cause volatility in our stock price. 

Results of operations for any company developing oil and natural gas leases and wells can be expected to fluctuate until the products are in the market and could fluctuate thereafter even when products are in the marketplace. There is significant lead time in developing, restarting, reworking, and recompleting wells. Unanticipated delays can adversely impact the release of supplies into the marketplace. Revenues generated could be adversely impacted if a lack of working capital limits our ability to acquire new equipment or assets. 

Results of our operations depend significantly upon the price and value of our reserves and production, none of which can be predicted with certainty. Accordingly, our revenues and results of operations may fluctuate from period to period. The results of one period may not be indicative of the results of any future period. Any quarterly fluctuations that we report in the future may not match the expectations of market analysts and investors. This could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. 

The loss of key executives may adversely affect our business. 

Our business is dependent upon our President Jay Leaver and his affiliated company, Leaverite Exploration and our Chief Financial Officer Lacie Kellogg. Our success is dependent upon the continued availability of Mr. Leaver and Ms. Kellogg, neither of whom have an employment agreement with us. If it became necessary to replace them, it is unlikely new management could be found with the same level of knowledge and experience or at the same or similar cost. The loss of the services of these officers would adversely affect our business. 

14

None of our executives have employment agreements or provisions that would restrict or prohibit them from competing with us and they currently devote only a portion of their time to the business of the Company. As a result, they could terminate their employment and immediately compete against us. The loss of the services of any member of our management team or other key persons could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

None of our executives devotes their full-time efforts to the business of the Company. It is possible that situations may arise in the future where the personal interests of our officers and directors may conflict with our interests. Such conflicts could include determining what portion of their working time will be spent on our business and what portion on other business interests. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our business. 

Our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and their other businesses. For example, Jay Leaver, our President, is only required to devote 50 of his time to the Company and Lacie Kellogg, our Chief Financial Officer, serves as chief financial officer and director of several companies. We do not intend to have any full-time employees for the foreseeable future. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which they may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our business. 

We may lose the services of key management personnel and may not be able to attract and retain other necessary personnel. 

Changes in our management could have an adverse effect on our business, and in particular while our staff is relatively small with only three contractors and no employees, we are dependent upon the active participation of several key management personnel, including Jay Leaver our President and Lacie Kellogg our Chief Financial Officer Each of these executives are critical to the strategic direction and overall management of our company as well as execution of our strategy. The loss of any of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. We do not carry key person life insurance. 

We will need to hire and retain highly skilled technical personnel in order to pursue our strategy and grow our business. The competition for highly skilled technical, managerial, and other personnel is intense. Our recruiting and retention success is substantially dependent upon our ability to offer competitive salaries and benefits. We must compete with companies that possess greater financial and other resources than we do and that may be more attractive. To be competitive, we may have to increase the compensation, bonuses, stock options and other fringe benefits we offer in order to attract and retain such personnel. The costs of retaining or attracting personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. If we fail to attract and retain the technical and managerial personnel required to be successful, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Litigation could harm our business or otherwise distract management. 

Substantial, complex or extended litigation could cause us to incur large expenditures and could distract management. For example, environmental or conservation lawsuits and lawsuits by government, environmental groups, consumers, employees or stockholders or litigation with federal, state or local governments or regulatory bodies could be very costly and disrupt business. While disputes from time to time are not uncommon, we may not be able to resolve such disputes on terms favorable to us which could have a material, adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

15

If we lose our rights under our third-party leases or licenses, our operations could be adversely affected. 

Our business depends in part on property leases and other rights licensed from third parties. We could lose our exclusivity or other rights if we fail to comply with the terms and performance requirements of the leases, including failure to continue to actively utilize our leases. In addition, certain leases may terminate upon our breach and have the right to consent to sublease arrangements. If we were to lose our rights under any of these leases, or if we were unable to obtain required consents to future subleases, we could lose a competitive advantage in the market, and may even lose the ability to operate completely. Either of these results could substantially decrease our revenues 

The nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity. 

We develop and sell resources where insurance or indemnification may not be available, including: 

Certain of our activities are inherently dangerous and could result in loss of life or property damage. Certain products may raise questions with respect to issues of environmental harm or injury, trespass, conversion and similar concepts, which may raise complex legal issues. Indemnification to cover potential claims or liabilities resulting from a failure may be available in certain circumstances, but not in others. The insurance we maintain may not be adequate to protect against all our risks and uncertainties. Claims resulting from an accident, failure, environmental damage or liability arising from our activities in excess of any indemnity or insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance is not available or was not obtained) could harm our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Any accident, failure, environmental damage or liability, even if fully covered or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to operate. 

Our strategy may not be successful. 

We intend to expand our operations and base, in large part, by acquiring additional leases. Our operations are subject to all the risks inherent in the growth of a new business. The timing and related expenses of expansion may cause our revenues, if any, to fluctuate. The likelihood of our success must be considered in the light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with the growth of a business and the reliance on our ability to establish ongoing relationships with operators, mineral rights owners, and surface owners, and satisfy legal and regulatory requirements, as we encounter uncertainty about implementation of our strategies and capabilities, unfamiliarity with our operating methods, and competition. We may not be successful in our proposed business activities. 

We may be unable to generate sufficient revenue from our leases to achieve and sustain profitability. 

At present, we rely solely on our Logan Project to generate revenue and we expect to substantially generate all our revenue in the foreseeable future from these assets, which is currently inadequate to cover our costs. We will need to continue to expand our efforts to develop new relationships and expand existing relationships with lessors and energy production capabilities, to achieve and maintain compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements, and to develop additional locations that will generate cashflow. If we fail in these efforts we may never receive a return on the substantial investments in leases, production, distribution and environmental and, regulatory compliance we have made, and will make in the future, which may cause us to fail to generate revenue and achieve profitability. 

Cybersecurity risks could adversely affect our business and disrupt our operations. 

The threats to network and data security are increasingly diverse and sophisticated. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our servers, computer systems, and those of third parties that we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our servers and computer systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations, which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data, unauthorized access to user data, and loss of consumer confidence. In addition, we may be the target of email scams that attempt to acquire personal information or company assets. Despite our efforts to create security barriers to such threats, we may not be able to entirely mitigate these risks. Any cyber-attack that attempts to obtain our or our users data and assets, disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition, be expensive to remedy, and damage our reputation. In addition, any such breaches may result in negative publicity, adversely affect our brand, decrease demand for our products and services, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

16

There are economic and general risks relating to our business. 

The success of our activities is subject to risks inherent in business generally, including demand for energy products and services, general economic conditions, changes in taxes and tax laws, and changes in governmental regulations and policies. 

Our operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss due to natural or other disasters, power loss, strikes, and other events beyond our control. 

A major earthquake, fire, cold weather events, or other disaster (such as a major flood, tsunami, volcanic eruption, or terrorist attack) affecting our facilities, or those of our suppliers or pipelines, could significantly disrupt our operations, and delay or prevent product shipment or installation during the time required to repair, rebuild, or replace our suppliers damaged manufacturing facilities; these delays could be lengthy and costly. If any of our customers facilities are negatively impacted by a disaster, shipments of our products could be delayed. Additionally, customers may delay purchases of our products until operations return to normal. Even if we are able to quickly respond to a disaster, the ongoing effects of the disaster could create some uncertainty in the operations of our business. In addition, our facilities may be subject to a shortage of available electrical power and other energy supplies. Any shortages may increase our costs for power and energy supplies or could result in blackouts, which could disrupt the operations of our affected facilities and harm our business. In addition, concerns about terrorism, the effects of a terrorist attack, political turmoil, or an outbreak of epidemic diseases could have a negative effect on our operations, those of our suppliers and customers, including the ability to travel. 

The near-term effects of the recent COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic are known, as they adversely affected our business. Some long- term effects, such as supply chain issues and inflation, are becoming known and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flow. 

Over the past two years the impact of COVID-19 has had adverse effects on our business by slowing down our ability to work with third parties. We have witnessed supply chain related delays and increasing costs due to inflation. It is difficult to predict what other adverse effects, if any, COVID-19 and related matters can have on our business, or against the various aspects of same. 

The COVID-19 pandemic could further negatively impact our business or results of operations through the temporary closure of our operating locations or those of our customers, contractors or suppliers. In addition, the ability of our employees, contractors and our suppliers and customers employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19, or as a result of prevention and control measures, which may significantly hamper our production throughout the supply chain and constrict sales channels. 

On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO announced a global health emergency caused by a new strain of the coronavirus COVID-19 and advised of the risks to the international community as the virus spread globally. In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The spread of COVID-19 coronavirus caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus, especially as to travel and congregating in large numbers. Over time, the incidence of COVID-19 and its variants has diminished although periodic spikes in incidence occur. Consequently, restrictions imposed by various governmental health organizations may change over time. Several states have lifted restrictions only to reimpose such restrictions as the number of cases rise and new variants arise. 

17

It is difficult to isolate the impact of the pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and our future strategic plans. 

The Company may experience long-term disruptions to its operations resulting from changes in government policy or guidance; quarantines of employees, customers and suppliers in areas affected by the pandemic and the presence of new variants of COVID-19; and closures of businesses or manufacturing facilities critical to its business or supply chains. The Company is actively monitoring, and will continue to actively monitor, the pandemic and the potential impact on its operations, financial condition, liquidity, suppliers, industry and workforce. 

We may be negatively impacted by inflation. 

Increases in inflation could have an adverse effect on us. Current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies, and geopolitical instability, including the ongoing conflict between the Ukraine and Russia. Continuing increases in inflation could increase our costs of labor and other costs related to our business, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Inflation has also resulted in higher interest rates in the U.S., which could increase our cost of debt borrowing in the future. 

We may be negatively impacted by the seasonality of our business. 

Winter weather conditions and lease stipulations can limit or temporarily halt restart, rework and recompletion activities and producing activities for oil and natural gas operations. These constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay or temporarily halt the operations and materially increase our operating and capital costs. Such seasonal anomalies can also pose challenges for meeting objectives and may increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the spring and summer months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay or temporarily halt our operations. 

Risk Factors Relating to the Oil and Natural Gas Industry 

Oil and natural gas prices fluctuate widely, and lower prices for an extended period of time are likely to have a material adverse impact on our business . 

Our revenues, profitability, cash flows and future growth, as well as liquidity and ability to access additional sources of capital, depend substantially on prevailing prices for oil and natural gas and the relative mix of these commodities in our reserves and production. Sustained lower prices will reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can economically produce and may result in impairments of our proved reserves or reduction of our proved undeveloped reserves. Oil and natural gas prices also affect the amount of cash flow we could utilize for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow and raise additional capital. 

The supply of and demand for oil and natural gas impact the prices we realize on the sale of these commodities and, in turn, materially affect our financial results. Our revenues, operating results, cash available for distribution and the carrying value of our oil and natural gas depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. Oil and natural gas prices have historically been, and will likely continue to be, volatile. The prices for oil and natural gas are subject to wide fluctuation in response to a number of factors beyond our control, including: 

the domestic and foreign supply of, and demand for, oil and natural gas; 

domestic and world-wide economic and political conditions; 

the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including commodity price speculators and others; 

military, economic and political conditions in oil and natural gas producing regions, including unilateral supply actions taken by oil- and natural gas-producing countries such as Russia; 

18

the actions taken by OPEC and other foreign oil and natural gas producing nations, including the ability of members of OPEC to agree to and maintain production controls; 

the impact of the U.S. dollar exchange rates on oil and natural gas prices; 

the price and availability of, and demand for, alternative fuels; 

weather conditions and climate change; 

world-wide conservation measures, including governmental initiatives to move toward renewable electric generation and the electrification of the transportation industry; 

carbon reduction measures for all segments of the oil and natural gas industries, including production; 

technological advances affecting energy consumption and production; 

changes in the price of oilfield services and technologies; 

the price and level of foreign imports; 

expansion of U.S. exports of oil, natural gas (including liquefied natural gas), and/or gas liquids; 

the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation, processing, storage and refining facilities; 

the impacts and effects of public health crises, pandemics and epidemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the costs of exploring, developing, producing, transporting (including costs relating to pipeline safety), and marketing oil; and natural gas; and 

the nature and extent of domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxation, including environmental regulations. 

Sustained material declines in oil or natural gas prices may have the following effects on our business: 

limit our access to sources of capital, such as equity and long-term debt; 

cause us to delay or postpone capital projects; 

cause us to lose certain leases because we fail to meet obligations of the leases prior to expiration; 

reduce reserve estimates and the amount of products we can economically produce; 

downgrade or other negative rating action with respect to our credit rating; 

reduce revenues, income and cash flows available for capital expenditures, repayment of indebtedness and other corporate purposes; and 

reduce the carrying value of our assets in our balance sheet through ceiling test impairments. 

Legislation or regulatory initiatives intended to address seismic activity in Oklahoma and elsewhere could increase our costs of compliance or lead to operational delays, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition . 

In addition to oil and natural gas, most producing wells also produce saltwater, wastewater, brine, or produced water. We dispose of large volumes of saltwater produced in connection with our drilling and production, pursuant to permits issued to us by governmental authorities. While these permits are issued under existing laws and regulations, these requirements are subject to change, which could result in the imposition of more stringent operating constraints or new monitoring and reporting requirements, owing to, among other things, concerns of the public or governmental authorities regarding such gathering or disposal activities. 

19

There exists a consensus that the injection of produced water into belowground disposal wells triggers seismic events in certain areas, including Oklahoma, where we operate. In response to recent seismic events near underground water disposal wells, federal and some state agencies are investigating whether certain high volume disposal wells have caused or contributed to increased seismic activity, and some states have restricted, suspended or shut down the use of such disposal wells that are located in close proximity to areas of increased seismic activity. 

The Oklahoma Corporation Commission (OCC) evaluates existing disposal wells to assess their continued operation, or operation with restrictions, based on location relative to faults, seismicity and other factors, with well operators in certain geographic locations required to make frequent, or even daily, volume and pressure reports. In addition, the OCC has adopted rules requiring operators of certain saltwater disposal wells in the state to, among other things, conduct additional mechanical integrity testing or make certain demonstrations of such wells performance that, depending on the depth, could require the plugging back of such wells to shallower depths and/or the reduction of volumes disposed in such wells. As a result of these measures, the OCC from time to time has developed and implemented plans calling for wells within Areas of Interest where seismic incidents have occurred to restrict or suspend disposal well operations in an attempt to mitigate the occurrence of such incidents. For example, OCC has established a 15 thousand square mile Area of Interest in the Arbuckle formation located primarily north and east of the Anadarko Basin in the Mississippi Lime play. Since 2013, OCC has prohibited disposal into the basement rock and ordered reduction of disposal volumes into the overlying Arbuckle formation and directed the shut-in of a number of Arbuckle disposal wells in response to seismic activity. In addition, in January 2016, the Governor of Oklahoma announced a grant of 1.4 million in emergency funds to support earthquake research to be directed by the OCC and the Oklahoma Geological Survey (OGS). During September and November 2016, in response to the occurrence of earthquakes in Cushing and Pawnee, Oklahoma, located in the northeast area of the Anadarko Basin, the OCC developed action plans in conjunction with the OGS and the EPA. The plans require reductions in disposal volumes in three concentric zones from the center of the earthquake activity in both Cushing and Pawnee, Oklahoma, with the greatest reductions in the zone located closest to the center of the largest quakes. These actions are in addition to any previous orders to shut in wells or reduce disposal volumes. Prior measures had already reduced disposal volumes in the areas of concern by up to 50 percent for some disposal wells. In the Pawnee area, the action plan covers a total of 38 Arbuckle disposal wells under OCC jurisdiction and 26 Arbuckle disposal wells under EPA jurisdiction and in the Cushing area the plan covers a total of 58 Arbuckle disposal wells. Local residents have also recently filed lawsuits against saltwater disposal well operators in these areas for damages resulting from the increased seismic activity. 

Additionally, in recent years there has been increased public concern regarding an alleged potential for hydraulic fracturing to induce seismic events. In December 2016, the OCC announced the development of seismicity guidelines focused on operators in SCOOP and STACK to directly address concerns related to induced seismicity and hydraulic fracturing. The OCC has established three action levels to be followed if events are detected at a M2.5 or above and within 1.24 miles (2 km) of hydraulic fracturing activities. 

Magnitude 2.5 OCC contacts the operator, discusses mitigation plan, operations may continue 

Magnitude 3.0 required minimum six-hour pause, technical call with OCC regarding mitigations, operations continue with an approved and revised completion plan 

Magnitude 3.5 required operations suspension, technical meeting with OCC and decision made to resume or halt operations based on approved and revised completion plan 

Restrictions on disposal well volumes or a lack of sufficient disposal wells, the filing of lawsuits, or curtailment or restrictions on oil and natural gas activity generally in response to concerns related to induced seismicity, could cause us to delay, curb or discontinue our exploration and development plans. Increased costs associated with restrictions on hydraulic fracturing or the transportation and disposal of produced water, including the cost of complying with regulations concerning produced water disposal or hydraulic fracturing, such as mandated produced water recycling in some portion or all of our operations or prohibitions on performing hydraulic fracturing in certain areas, may reduce our profitability. 

20

These developments may result in additional levels of regulation, or increased complexity and costs with respect to existing regulations, that could lead to operational delays or increased operating and compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

We have substantial capital requirements to fund our business strategy that are greater than cash flows from operations. Limited liquidity would likely negatively impact our ability to execute our business plan . 

Our capital investment needs exceed our historical and projected cash flows from operations. As a result, we may use available cash or borrow funds under a credit facility, due in part to our acquisitions and restart, rework and recomplete activities including activities required in order to avoid future lease renewals to retain certain acreage. If necessary, we may continue to use cash on hand, sell non-strategic assets or potentially access debt and/or equity markets to fund any shortfall. Our ability to generate operating cash flows is subject to many risks and variables, such as the level of production from existing wells; prices of oil and natural gas; production costs; availability of economical gathering, processing, storage and transportation in our operating areas; our success in developing and producing new reserves and the other risk factors discussed in this filing. Actual levels of capital expenditures may vary significantly due to many factors, including drilling results, commodity prices, industry conditions, the prices and availability of goods and services, unbudgeted acquisitions and the promulgation of new regulatory requirements. In addition, in the past, we often have increased our capital budget during the year as a result of acquisitions or changes in drilling plans. Alternatively, we may have to reduce capital expenditures, and our ability to execute our business plans could be adversely affected, if: 

we generate less operational cash flow than we anticipate; 

we are unable to sell non-strategic assets at acceptable prices; 

our customers or working interest owners default on their obligations to us; 

one or more of the lenders under our existing credit arrangements fails to honor its contractual obligation to lend to us; 

investors limit funding or refrain from funding oil and natural gas companies; or 

we are unable to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital. 

Actual quantities of oil and natural gas reserves and future cash flows from those reserves will most likely vary from our estimates . 

It is not possible to accurately measure underground accumulations of oil and natural gas. Estimating quantities of oil and natural gas reserves is complex and inexact. The process relies on interpretations of geologic, geophysical, engineering and production data. The extent, quality and reliability of these data can vary. The process also requires a number of economic assumptions, such as oil and natural gas prices, the relative mix of oil and natural gas that will be ultimately produced, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, operating and development costs, future prices of these commodities, the effect of government regulation, taxes and availability of funds. The accuracy of a reserve estimate is a function of: 

the quality and quantity of available data; 

the interpretation of that data; 

the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions and our expected development plan; 

the judgement of the person preparing the estimate; 

future natural gas and oil prices; 

unexpected complications from offset well development; 

production rates; 

21

reservoir pressures, decline rates, drainage areas and reservoir limits; 

interpretation of subsurface conditions including geological and geophysical data; 

potential for water encroachment or mechanical failures; 

levels and timing of capital expenditures, lease operating expenses, production taxes and income taxes, and availability of funds for such expenditures; and 

effects of government regulation. 

Actual quantities of oil and natural gas reserves, future oil and natural gas production and the relative mix of oil and natural gas that will be ultimately produced, oil and natural gas prices, revenues, taxes, capital expenditures, effects of regulations, funding availability and drilling and operating expenses will most likely vary from our estimates. In addition, the methodologies and evaluation techniques that we use, which include the use of multiple technologies, data sources and interpretation methods, may be different than those used by our competitors. Further, reserve estimates are subject to the evaluator s criteria and judgment and show important variability, particularly in the early stages of development. Any significant variance could be systematic and undetected for an extended period of time, which would materially affect the quantities and net present value of our reserves. In addition, we may adjust estimates of reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and development activities, prevailing oil and natural gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our reserves also may be susceptible to drainage by operators on adjacent properties. If any of these assumptions prove to be incorrect, our estimates of reserves, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and our estimates of the future net cash flows from our reserves could change significantly. 

In accordance with SEC reporting rules, we calculate the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves using the SEC s pricing methodology for calculating proved reserves, adjusted for market differentials and costs in effect at year end discounted at 10 per annum. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs we used as of the date of an estimate. Over time, we may make material changes to reserve estimates to take into account changes in our assumptions and the results of actual development and production. In addition, actual production rates for future periods may vary significantly from the rates assumed in the calculation. Moreover, the 10 discount factor used when calculating discounted future net cash flows, in compliance with the FASB statement on oil and natural gas producing activities disclosures, may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with the Company, or the oil and natural gas industry in general. You should not assume that the present value of future net cash flows is the current market value of our proved reserves. 

The reserve estimates made for fields that do not have a lengthy production history are less reliable than estimates for fields with lengthy records. A lack of production history may contribute to inaccuracy in our estimates of proved reserves, future production rates and the timing of development expenditures. Further, our lack of knowledge of all individual well information known to the well operators such as incomplete well stimulation efforts, restricted production rates for various reasons and up-to-date well production data, etc. may cause differences in our reserve estimates. 

To grow our production and cash flows, we must continue to develop existing reserves and locate or acquire new reserves . 

Currently, our reserves are limited. However, our strategy is to grow our production and cash flows. As we produce oil and natural gas, our reserves decline. Unless we successfully replace reserves through acquisitions or other means the decline in our reserves will eventually result in a decrease in oil and natural gas production and lower revenue, income and cash flows from operations. Future oil and natural gas production is, therefore, highly dependent on our success in efficiently finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves that are economically recoverable. We may be unable to find, develop or acquire additional reserves or production at an acceptable cost, if at all. In addition, these activities require substantial capital expenditures. 

22

Our future success depends on developing our existing inventory of mineral acreage and acquiring additional mineral interests. Failure to develop our existing inventory of mineral acreage and to acquire additional mineral interests will cause reserves and production to decline materially from their current levels. 

The rate of production from natural gas and oil properties generally declines as reserves are depleted. Our proved reserves will decline materially as reserves are produced except to the extent that we acquire additional mineral interests on properties containing proved reserves and our lessees or well operators conduct additional successful exploration and development drilling, successfully apply new technologies or identify additional behind-pipe zones (different productive zones within existing producing well bores) or secondary recovery reserves. 

Developing natural gas and oil invariably involves unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells, but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient reserves to return a profit after deducting drilling, completion, operating and other costs. In addition, wells that are profitable may not achieve a targeted rate of return. We rely on third-party operators interpretation of seismic data and other advanced technologies in identifying prospects and in conducting exploration and development activities. Nevertheless, prior to drilling a well, the seismic data and other technologies used do not allow operators to know conclusively whether natural gas, oil or NGL is present in commercial quantities. 

Cost factors can adversely affect the economics of any project, and the eventual cost of drilling, completing and operating a well is controlled by well operators and existing market conditions. Further, drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of numerous factors, including: 

unexpected drilling conditions; 

 title problems; 

 pressure or irregularities in formations; 

 equipment failures or accidents; 

 fires, explosions, blowouts and surface cratering; 

 availability to market production via pipelines or other transportation; 

 adverse weather conditions; 

 environmental hazards or liabilities; 

 lack of water disposal facilities; 

 governmental regulations; 

 cost and availability of drilling rigs, equipment and services; and 

 expected sales price to be received for natural gas, oil or NGL produced from the wells. 

Competition for acquisitions of mineral interests may increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions. Our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. Further, these acquisitions may be in geographic regions in which we do not currently hold properties, which could result in unforeseen operating difficulties. In addition, if we enter into new geographic markets, we may be subject to additional and unfamiliar legal and regulatory requirements. Compliance with regulatory requirements may impose substantial additional obligations on us and our management, cause us to expend additional time and resources in compliance activities and increase our exposure to penalties or fines for non-compliance with such additional legal requirements. Further, the success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to effectively integrate the acquired business or assets into our existing operations. The process of integrating acquired businesses or assets may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. In addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those paid for earlier acquisitions. 

No assurance can be given that we will be able to identify suitable mineral interest acquisition opportunities, negotiate acceptable terms, obtain financing for acquisitions on acceptable terms or successfully acquire identified targets. Our failure to achieve consolidation savings, to integrate the acquired businesses and assets into our existing operations successfully or to minimize any unforeseen operational difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution. The inability to effectively manage the integration of acquisitions could reduce our focus on subsequent acquisitions and current operations, which, in turn, could negatively impact our growth, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 

23

Any acquisition of additional mineral and royalty interests that we complete will be subject to substantial risks. 

Any acquisition involves potential risks, including, among other things: 

the validity of our assumptions about estimated proved reserves, future production, prices, revenues, capital expenditures, operating expenses and costs; 

a decrease in our liquidity by using a significant portion of our cash generated from operations or borrowing capacity to finance acquisitions; 

a significant increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur debt to finance acquisitions; 

the assumption of unknown liabilities, losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which any indemnity we receive is inadequate; 

mistaken assumptions about the overall cost of equity or debt; 

our ability to obtain satisfactory title to the assets we acquire; 

an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate our growing business and assets; and 

the occurrence of other significant changes, such as impairment of natural gas and oil properties, goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation or restructuring charges. 

Lower oil and natural gas prices and other factors have resulted in ceiling test impairments in the past and may result in future ceiling test or other impairments . 

We use the full cost method of accounting for our oil and natural gas producing activities. Under this method, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties are capitalized into cost centers. The net capitalized costs of our oil and natural gas properties may not exceed the present value of estimated future net revenues from proved reserves, discounted at 10 per annum, plus the lower of cost or fair value of unproved properties. If net capitalized costs of our oil and natural gas properties exceed the cost center ceiling, we are subject to a ceiling test impairment to the extent of such excess. If required, a ceiling test impairment reduces income and stockholders equity in the period of occurrence. 

All long-lived assets, principally our natural gas and oil properties, are monitored for potential impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset on our books may be greater than our future net cash flows. The need to test a property for impairment may result from declines in natural gas and oil sales prices or unfavorable adjustments to natural gas and oil reserves. The decision to not participate in future development on our leasehold acreage can trigger a test for impairment. Also, once assets are classified as held for sale, they are reviewed for impairment. Because of the uncertainty inherent in these factors, we cannot predict when or if future impairment charges will be recorded. 

The risk that we will be required to further impair the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties increases when oil and natural gas prices are low or volatile for a prolonged period of time. In addition, impairments may occur if we experience substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves or our unproved property values, or if estimated future development costs increase. If an impairment charge is recognized, cash flow from operating activities is not impacted, but net income and, consequently, stockholders equity are reduced. In periods when impairment 

24

Restarting, Reworking and Recompleting is a costly and high-risk activity . 

In addition to the numerous operating risks described in more detail below, the restarting, reworking and recompleting of wells involves the risk that no commercially productive oil or natural gas reservoirs will be encountered. The seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively if a well that oil and natural gas are present or may be produced economically. In addition, we are often uncertain of the future cost or timing of restarting, reworking or recompleting and producing wells. Furthermore, our operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

increases in the costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, equipment and materials; 

decreases in oil and natural gas prices; 

limited availability to us of financing on acceptable terms; 

adverse weather conditions and changes in weather patterns; 

unexpected operational events and drilling conditions; 

abnormal pressure or irregularities in geologic formations; 

surface access restrictions; 

the presence of underground sources of drinking water, previously unknown water or other extraction wells or endangered or threatened species; 

embedded oilfield drilling and service tools; 

equipment failures or accidents; 

lack of necessary services or qualified personnel; 

availability and timely issuance of required governmental permits and licenses; 

loss of title and other title-related issues; 

availability, costs and terms of contractual arrangements, such as leases, pipelines and related facilities to gather, process and compress, transport and market oil and natural gas; and 

compliance with, or changes in, environmental, tax and other laws and regulations. 

As we implement pad development and increase the lateral length and size of hydraulic fracturing stimulations of our horizontal wells, the costs and other impacts associated with any curtailment, delay or cancellation may increase due to the concentration of capital expenditures prior to bringing production online. Future restart, rework and recompletion activities may not be successful, and if unsuccessful, this could have an adverse effect on our future results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

The oil and natural gas business involves many operating risks that can cause substantial losses . 

Our oil and natural gas acquisition and production strategy is subject to all of the operating risks associated with drilling for and producing oil and natural gas, including the risk of: 

fires and explosions; 

blow-outs and cratering; 

25

uncontrollable or unknown flows of oil, gas or well fluids; 

pipe or cement failures and casing collapses; 

pipeline or other facility ruptures and spills; 

equipment malfunctions or operator error; 

discharges of toxic gases; 

induced seismic events; 

environmental costs and liabilities due to our use, generation, handling and disposal of materials, including wastes, hydrocarbons and other chemicals; and 

environmental damages caused by previous owners of property we purchase and lease. 

Some of these risks or hazards could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows by reducing or shutting in production from wells, loss of equipment or otherwise negatively impacting the projected economic performance of our prospects. If any of these risks occur, we could incur substantial losses as a result of: 

injury or loss of life; 

severe damage or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment; 

pollution and other environmental damage; 

investigatory and clean-up responsibilities; 

regulatory investigation and penalties or lawsuits; 

limitation on or suspension of our operations; and 

repairs and remediation costs to resume operations. 

The magnitude of these risks may increase due to the increase in lateral length, larger multi-stage hydraulic fracturing stimulations for our horizontal wells and the implementation of pad development because of the larger amounts of liquids, chemicals and proppants involved. 

In addition, our hydraulic fracturing operations require significant quantities of water. Regions in which we operate have recently experienced drought conditions. Any diminished access to water for use in hydraulic fracturing, whether due to usage restrictions or drought or other weather conditions, could curtail our operations or otherwise result in delays in operations or increased costs related to finding alternative water sources. 

Failure or loss of equipment, as the result of equipment malfunctions, cyber-attacks or natural disasters, could result in property damage, personal injury, environmental pollution and other damages for which we could be liable. Catastrophic occurrences giving rise to litigation, such as a well blowout, explosion or fire at a location where our equipment and services are used, may result in substantial claims for damages. Ineffective containment of a drilling well blowout or pipeline rupture could result in extensive environmental pollution and substantial remediation expenses, as well as governmental fines and penalties. If our production is interrupted significantly, our efforts at containment are ineffective or litigation arises as the result of a catastrophic occurrence, our cash flows, and in turn, our results of operations, could be materially and adversely affected. 

26

In connection with our operations, we generally require our contractors, which include the contractor, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliate companies, its subcontractors, their agents, employees, directors and officers, to agree to indemnify us for injuries and deaths of their employees, contractors, subcontractors, agents and directors, and any property damage suffered by the contractors. There may be times, however, that we are required to indemnify our contractors for injuries and other losses resulting from the events described above, which indemnification claims could result in substantial losses to us. Contractor or customer contracts may also contain inadequate indemnity clauses, exposing us to unexpected losses or an unfavorable litigation position, and could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

While we maintain insurance against some potential losses or liabilities arising from our operations, our insurance does not protect us against all operational risks. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events and any costs or liabilities incurred as a result of such events, if uninsured or in excess of our insurance coverage or not indemnified, could reduce revenue, income and cash flows and the funds available to us for our exploration, development and production activities and could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our proved undeveloped reserves may not be ultimately developed or produced. The development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate . 

A significant amount of our total estimated proved reserves (by volume) were undeveloped and may not be ultimately developed or produced. Recovery of undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. Our reserve estimates assume we can and will make these expenditures and conduct these operations successfully. These assumptions, however, may not prove to be accurate. We cannot be certain that the estimated costs of the development of these reserves are accurate, that development will occur as scheduled, or that the results of such development will be as estimated. If we choose not to spend the capital to develop these reserves, or if we are not otherwise able to successfully develop these reserves, we will be required to remove the associated volumes from our reported proved reserves. In addition, under the SEC s reserve rules, because proved undeveloped reserves may be booked only if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years of the date of booking, we may be required to remove any proved undeveloped reserves that are not developed within this five-year time frame. A removal of such reserves may significantly reduce the quantity and present value of our natural gas and oil reserves which would adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

The potential adoption of federal, state, tribal and local legislative and regulatory initiatives related to hydraulic fracturing could result in operating restrictions or delays in the completion of oil and natural gas wells . 

Hydraulic fracturing is an essential and common practice in the oil and natural gas industry used to stimulate production of natural gas and/or oil from dense subsurface rock formations. We routinely apply hydraulic fracturing techniques on almost all of our U.S. onshore oil and natural gas properties. Hydraulic fracturing involves using water, sand or other proppant materials, and certain chemicals to fracture the hydrocarbon-bearing rock formation to allow flow of hydrocarbons into the wellbore. 

As explained in more detail below, the hydraulic fracturing process is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas agencies, although the EPA, the BLM and other federal regulatory agencies have taken steps to review or impose federal regulatory requirements. Certain states in which we operate, have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, regulations that could impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure and well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations or otherwise seek to ban fracturing activities altogether. Certain municipalities have already banned hydraulic fracturing, and courts have upheld those moratoria in some instances. In the past several years, dozens of states have approved or considered additional legislative mandates or administrative rules on hydraulic fracturing. 

At the federal level, the EPA has taken numerous actions. The adoption of new federal rules or regulations relating to hydraulic fracturing could require us to obtain additional permits or approvals or to install expensive pollution control equipment for our operations, which in turn could lead to increased operating costs, delays and curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development or production activities, which in turn could materially adversely affect our operations. 

27

In December 2016, the EPA released its final report on the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources. The final report concluded that "water cycle" activities associated with hydraulic fracturing may impact drinking water resources "under some circumstances," noting that the following hydraulic fracturing water cycle activities and local- or regional-scale factors are more likely than others to result in more frequent or more severe impacts: water withdrawals for fracturing in times or areas of low water availability; surface spills during the management of fracturing fluids, chemicals or produced water; injection of fracturing fluids into wells with inadequate mechanical integrity; injection of fracturing fluids directly into groundwater resources; discharge of inadequately treated fracturing wastewater to surface waters; and disposal or storage of fracturing wastewater in unlined pits. Since the report did not find a direct link between hydraulic fracturing itself and contamination of groundwater resources, we do not believe that this multi-year study report provides any basis for further regulation of hydraulic fracturing at the federal level. 

Based on the foregoing, increased regulation and attention given to the hydraulic fracturing process from federal agencies, various states and local governments could lead to greater opposition, including litigation, to oil and natural gas production activities using hydraulic fracturing techniques. Additional legislation or regulation could also lead to operational delays or increased operating costs in the production of oil and natural gas, including from the developing shale plays, or could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing. The adoption of any federal, state or local laws or the implementation of regulations regarding hydraulic fracturing could potentially cause a decrease in the completion of new oil and natural gas wells and increased compliance costs and time, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our ability to produce oil and natural gas economically and in commercial quantities could be impaired if we are unable to acquire adequate supplies of water for our operations or are unable to dispose of or recycle the water we use economically and in an environmentally safe manner . 

Development activities require the use of water. For example, the hydraulic fracturing process if employed to produce commercial quantities of natural gas and oil from many reservoirs requires the use and disposal of significant quantities of water. In certain regions, there may be insufficient local capacity to provide a source of water for our activities. In these cases, water must be obtained from other sources and transported to the drilling site, adding to the operating cost. Our inability to secure sufficient amounts of water, or to dispose of or recycle the water used in our operations, could adversely impact our operations in certain areas. Moreover, the imposition of new environmental initiatives and regulations could include restrictions on our ability to conduct certain operations, such as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of waste, including, but not limited to, produced water, drilling fluids and other materials associated with the exploration, development or production of NGLs, natural gas and oil. In recent history, public concern surrounding increased seismicity has heightened focus on our industry s use of water in operations, which may cause increased costs, regulations or environmental initiatives impacting our use or disposal of water. Furthermore, future environmental regulations governing the withdrawal, storage and use of surface water or groundwater necessary for hydraulic fracturing of wells could cause delays, interruptions or termination of operations, which may result in increased operating costs and have an effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

The marketability of our production is dependent upon transportation and processing facilities over which we may have no control . 

The marketability of our production depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, natural gas gathering systems and processing and refining facilities. We deliver oil and natural gas through gathering systems and pipelines that we do not own and which are operated by a sole source. The lack of alternatives or available capacity on these systems and facilities could reduce the price offered for our production or result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties. transportation of our production through some firm transportation arrangements, third-party systems and facilities may be temporarily unavailable due to market conditions or mechanical or other reasons, or may not be available to us in the future at a price that is acceptable to us. Also, the shipment of our or our operators natural gas and oil on third-party pipelines may be curtailed or delayed if it does not meet the quality specifications of the pipeline owners. The curtailments arising from these and similar circumstances may last from a few days to several months. In many cases, we or our operators are provided only with limited, if any, notice as to when these circumstances will arise and their duration. 

Any significant curtailment in gathering system or transportation, processing or refining-facility capacity could reduce our or our operators ability to market oil production and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash distributions to stockholders. Our or our operators access to transportation options and the prices we or our operators receive can also be affected by federal and state regulation including regulation of oil production, transportation and pipeline safety as well as by general economic conditions and changes in supply and demand. New regulations on the transportation of oil by rail, like those finalized by the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) in 2015, may increase our transportation costs. . Federal regulation to improve the safety of existing pipeline infrastructure by replacement could increase the cost of interstate transportation. FERC s 2022 review of its policies relating to natural gas pipeline infrastructure could ultimately increase the cost of approving new interstate capacity or delay new interstate capacity being constructed. In addition, federal and state regulation of natural gas and oil production, processing and transportation, tax and energy policies, changes in supply and demand, pipeline pressures, damage to or destruction of pipelines, infrastructure or capacity constraints and general economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to produce, gather and transport natural gas. Any significant change in market factors or other conditions affecting these infrastructure systems and facilities, as well as any delays in constructing new infrastructure systems and facilities, could harm our business and, in turn, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

28

We may be involved in legal proceedings that could result in substantial liabilities. 

Like many companies in the oil and natural gas industry, we are from time to time involved in various legal and other proceedings, such as title, royalty or contractual disputes, regulatory compliance matters and personal injury or property damage matters, in the ordinary course of our business. Such legal proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings could have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees or orders requiring a change in our business practices, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Accruals for such liability, penalties or sanctions may be insufficient. Judgments and estimates to determine accruals or range of losses related to legal and other proceedings could change from one period to the next, and such changes could be material. 

We are subject to complex laws and regulatory actions that can affect the cost, manner, feasibility, or timing of doing business . 

Existing and potential regulatory actions could increase our costs and reduce our liquidity, delay our operations, or otherwise alter the way we conduct our business. Exploration and development and the production and sale of oil and natural gas are subject to extensive federal, state, provincial, tribal, local and international regulation. We may be required to make large expenditures to comply with environmental, natural resource protection, and other governmental regulations. Matters subject to regulation include the following, in addition to the other matters discussed under the caption "Regulation" in Items 1 and 2 of this report: 

restrictions for the protection of wildlife that regulate the time, place and manner in which we conduct operations; 

the amounts, types and manner of substances and materials that may be released into the environment; 

response to unexpected releases into the environment; 

reports and permits concerning exploration, drilling, production, and other operations; 

the placement and spacing of wells; 

cement and casing strength; 

unitization and pooling of properties; 

calculating royalties on oil and natural gas produced under federal and state leases; and 

taxation. 

29

Under these laws, we could be liable for personal injuries, property damage, oil spills, discharge of hazardous materials into the environment, remediation and clean-up costs, natural resource risk mitigation, damages and other environmental or habitat damages. We also could be required to install and operate expensive pollution controls, engage in environmental risk management, incur increased waste disposal costs, or limit or even cease activities on lands located within wilderness, wetlands or other environmentally or politically sensitive areas. 

In addition, failure to comply with applicable laws also may result in the suspension or termination of our operations and subject us to administrative, civil and criminal penalties as well as the imposition of corrective action orders. Any such liabilities, penalties, suspensions, terminations, or regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

The matters described above and other potential legislative proposals, along with any applicable legislation introduced and passed in Congress or new rules or regulations promulgated by state or the US federal government, could increase our costs, reduce our liquidity, delay our operations, or otherwise alter the way we conduct our business, negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Although it is not possible at this time to predict whether proposed legislation or regulations will be adopted as initially written, if at all, or how legislation or new regulation that may be adopted would impact our business, any such future laws and regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions. Additional costs or operating restrictions associated with legislation or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows, in addition to the demand for the oil and natural gas that we produce. 

Climate change laws and regulations restricting emissions of "greenhouse gases" could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and natural gas that we produce while potential physical effects of climate change could disrupt our production and cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to those effects. 

In response to findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane, and other greenhouse gases (GHGs) present an endangerment to public health and the environment, the EPA has adopted regulations under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air Act that, among other things address GHG emissions for certain sources, including pipelines. 

Although it is not possible at this time to predict how legislation or new regulations that may be adopted to address GHG emissions would impact our business, any such future laws and regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of GHGs from, our equipment and operations could require us to incur costs to reduce emissions of GHGs associated with our operations. Severe limitations on GHG emissions could also adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas we produce and lower the value of our reserves, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Moreover, incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources as a means of addressing climate change could reduce demand for natural gas, oil and NGL. Finally, it should be noted that some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, droughts and other extreme climatic events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our exploration and production operations. 

Certain U.S. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to natural gas and oil exploration and development may be eliminated as a result of future legislation. 

In past years, legislation has been proposed that would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to U.S. tax laws, including to certain key U.S. federal income tax provisions currently available to oil and natural gas companies. Such legislative changes have included, but not been limited to: 

the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and natural gas properties; 

the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs; 

the elimination of the deduction for certain domestic production activities; and 

an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. 

30

Although these provisions were largely unchanged in the Tax Act, which was signed on December 22, 2017, Congress could consider, and could include, some or all of these proposals as part of future tax reform legislation, to accompany lower federal income tax rates. Moreover, other more general features of any additional tax reform legislation, including changes to cost recovery rules, may be developed that also would change the taxation of oil and natural gas companies. It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted in future legislation and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could take effect. The passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals or any similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that currently are available with respect to oil and natural gas development or increase costs, and any such changes could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Competition for, or the loss of, our senior management or experienced technical personnel may negatively impact our operations or financial results . 

To a large extent, we depend on the services of our senior management and technical personnel and the loss of any key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our continued success and the success of other activities integral to our operations will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain a seasoned management team and experienced explorationists, engineers, geologists and other professionals. In the past, competition for these professionals was strong, and in a continuing price recovery environment may become strong again, which could result in future retention and attraction issues. 

Competition in the oil and natural gas industry is intense . 

We operate in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties and marketing oil and natural gas. Our competitors include multinational oil and natural gas companies, major oil and natural gas companies, independent oil and natural gas companies, individual producers, financial buyers as well as participants in other industries supplying energy and fuel to consumers. During these periods, there is often a shortage of drilling rigs and other oilfield services. Many of our competitors have greater and more diverse resources than we do. In addition, high commodity prices, asset valuations and stiff competition for acquisitions have in the past, and may in the future, significantly increase the cost of available properties. We compete for the personnel and equipment required to explore, develop and operate properties. Our competitors also may have established long-term strategic positions and relationships in areas in which we may seek new entry. As a consequence, our competitors may be able to address these competitive factors more effectively than we can. If we are not successful in our competition for oil and natural gas reserves or in our marketing of production, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Shortages of oilfield equipment, services, supplies and qualified field personnel could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows . 

Periodically, there are shortages of drilling rigs, hydraulic fracturing stimulation equipment and crews, and other oilfield equipment as demand for that equipment has increased along with the number of wells being drilled. The demand for qualified and experienced field personnel to drill wells, conduct hydraulic fracturing stimulations and conduct field operations can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with natural gas and oil prices, causing periodic shortages. These factors have caused significant increases in costs for equipment, services and personnel. Higher oil, natural gas, and NGL prices generally stimulate demand and result in increased prices for drilling rigs and crews, hydraulic fracturing stimulation equipment and crews and associated supplies, equipment, services and raw materials. Similarly, lower oil and natural gas prices generally result in a decline in service costs due to reduced demand for drilling and completion services. 

Decreased levels of drilling activity in the oil and natural gas industry in recent periods have led to declining costs of some oilfield equipment, services, and supplies. However, if the current oil and natural gas market changes, and commodity prices continue to recover, we may face shortages of field personnel, drilling rigs, hydraulic fracturing stimulation equipment and crews or other equipment or supplies, which could delay or adversely affect our exploration and development operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, or restrict operations. 

31

We may not be insured against all of the operating risks to which our business is exposed . 

Our operations are subject to all of the risks normally incident to the exploration for and the production of oil and natural gas, such as well blowouts, explosions, oil spills, releases of gas or well fluids, fires, pollution and adverse weather conditions, which could result in substantial losses to us. See also " The oil and natural gas business involves many operating risks that can cause substantial losses ." Exploration and production activities are also subject to risk from political developments such as terrorist acts, piracy, civil disturbances, war, expropriation or nationalization of assets, which can cause loss of or damage to our property. We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from our operations in accordance with what we believe are customary industry practices and in amounts and at costs that we believe to be prudent and commercially practicable. Our insurance includes deductibles that must be met prior to recovery, as well as sub-limits and/or self-insurance. Additionally, our insurance is subject to exclusions and limitations. Our insurance does not cover every potential risk associated with our operations, including the potential loss of significant revenues. We can provide no assurance that our insurance coverage will adequately protect us against liability from all potential consequences, damages and losses. 

We currently have insurance policies that include coverage for general liability, excess liability, physical damage to our oil and natural gas properties, operational control of wells, oil pollution, third- party liability, workers compensation and employers liability and other coverages. Consistent with insurance coverage generally available to the industry, our insurance policies provide limited coverage for losses or liabilities relating to pollution and other environmental issues, with broader coverage for sudden and accidental occurrences. For example, we maintain operators extra expense coverage provided by third-party insurers for obligations, expenses or claims that we may incur from a sudden incident that results in negative environmental effects, including obligations, expenses or claims related to seepage and pollution, cleanup and containment, evacuation expenses and control of the well (subject to policy terms and conditions). In the specific event of a well blowout or out-of-control well resulting in negative environmental effects, such operators extra expense coverage would be our primary source of coverage, with the general liability and excess liability coverage referenced above also providing certain coverage. 

In the event we make a claim under our insurance policies, we will be subject to the credit risk of the insurers. Volatility and disruption in the financial and credit markets may adversely affect the credit quality of our insurers and impact their ability to pay claims. 

Further, we may elect not to obtain insurance if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. Some forms of insurance may become unavailable in the future or unavailable on terms that we believe are economically acceptable. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable, and we may elect to maintain minimal or no insurance coverage. If we incur substantial liability from a significant event and the damages are not covered by insurance or are in excess of policy limits, then we would have lower revenues and funds available to us for our operations, that could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may face various risk associated with the long-term trend toward increased activism against oil and natural gas exploration and development activities. 

Opposition toward oil and natural gas production has been growing globally. Companies in the oil and natural gas industry are often the target of activist efforts from both individuals and non-governmental organizations regarding safety, environmental compliance and business practices. Anti-development activists are working to, among other things, reduce access to federal and state government lands and delay or cancel certain projects such as the development of oil or gas shale plays. For example, environmental activists continue to advocate for increased regulations or bans on shale drilling and hydraulic fracturing in the United States, even in jurisdictions that are among the most stringent in their regulation of the industry. Future activist efforts could result in the following: 

delay or denial of drilling permits; 

shortening of lease terms or reduction in lease size; 

restrictions on installation or operation of production, gathering or processing facilities; 

32

restrictions on the use of certain operating practices, such as hydraulic fracturing, or the disposal of related waste materials, such as hydraulic fracturing fluids and produced water; 

increased severance and/or other taxes; 

cyber-attacks; 

legal challenges or lawsuits; 

negative publicity about our business or the oil and natural gas industry in general; 

increased costs of doing business; 

reduction in demand for our products; and 

other adverse effects on our ability to develop our properties and expand production. 

We may need to incur significant costs associated with responding to these initiatives. Complying with any resulting additional legal or regulatory requirements that are substantial could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

We may be subject to risks in connection with acquisitions and divestitures . 

As part of our business strategy, we have made and will likely continue to make acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties and to divest non-strategic assets. Suitable acquisition properties or suitable buyers of our non-strategic assets may not be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable or not at all. 

Acquisitions pose substantial risks to our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. These risks include that the acquired properties may not produce revenues, reserves, earnings or cash flows at anticipated levels. Also, the integration of properties we acquire could be difficult. In pursuing acquisitions, we compete with other companies, many of which have greater financial and other resources. The successful acquisition of properties requires an assessment of several factors, including: 

recoverable reserves; 

exploration potential; 

future oil and natural gas prices and their relevant differentials; 

operating costs and production taxes; 

title defects with respect to acquired properties; 

a decrease in our liquidity by using a significant portion of our cash generated from operations or borrowing capacity to finance acquisitions; 

a significant increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur debt to finance acquisitions; 

the assumption of unknown liabilities, losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which any indemnity we receive is inadequate; 

an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate our growing business and assets; 

the occurrence of other significant changes, such as impairment of natural gas and oil properties, goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation or restructuring charges; and 

potential environmental and other liabilities. 

33

These assessments are complex and the accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain. In connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. Our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems, nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to fully assess their deficiencies and capabilities. 

In addition, our divestitures may pose significant residual risks to the Company, such as divestitures where we retain certain liabilities or we have legal successor liability due to the bankruptcy or dissolution of the purchaser. Generally, uneconomic or unsuccessful acquisitions and divestitures may divert management s attention and financial resources away from our existing operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

We depend on computer and telecommunications systems, and failures in our systems or cyber security attacks could significantly disrupt our business operations . 

The oil and natural gas industry has become increasingly dependent upon digital technologies to conduct day-to-day operations including certain exploration, development and production activities. We have entered into agreements with third parties for hardware, software, telecommunications and other information technology services in connection with our business. In addition, we have developed proprietary software systems, management techniques and other information technologies incorporating software licensed from third parties. We depend on digital technology to estimate quantities of oil and natural gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, and communicate with our employees and third party partners. Our business partners, including vendors, service providers, purchasers of our production and financial institutions, are also dependent on digital technology. It is possible we could incur interruptions from cyber security attacks, computer viruses or malware. We believe that we have positive relations with our related vendors and maintain adequate anti-virus and malware software and controls; however, any cyber incidents or interruptions to our arrangements with third parties, to our computing and communications infrastructure or our information systems could lead to data corruption, communication interruption, unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse or destruction of proprietary or other information, or otherwise significantly disrupt our business operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 

Hurricanes, typhoons, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow . 

Hurricanes, typhoons, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, cold weather events, and other natural disasters can potentially destroy thousands of business structures and homes and, if occurring in the Gulf Coast region of the United States, could disrupt the supply chain for oil and natural gas products. Disruptions in supply could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Damages and higher prices caused by hurricanes, typhoons, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, cold weather events, and other natural disasters could also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow due to the impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow of our customers. 

Delays in obtaining licenses, permits, and other government authorizations required to conduct our operations could adversely affect our business. 

Our operations require licenses, permits, and in some cases renewals of licenses and permits from various governmental authorities. Our ability to obtain, sustain or renew such licenses and permits on acceptable terms is subject to changes in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the applicable government agencies, among other factors. Our inability to obtain, or our loss of or denial of extension, to any of these licenses or permits could hamper our ability to produce income, revenues or cash flows from our operations. 

34

We may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties in which we invest. 

The existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. While we typically obtain title opinions prior to commencing drilling operations on a lease or in a unit, the failure of title may not be discovered until after a well is drilled, in which case we may lose the lease and the right to produce all or a portion of the interest under the property. 

As we continue to expand our operations in Oklahoma, we may operate within the boundaries of Native American reservations and become subject to certain tribal laws and regulations. 

An entirely separate and distinct set of laws and regulations applies to operators and other parties within the boundaries of Native American reservations in the United States. Various federal agencies within the U.S. Department of the Interior, particularly the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Office of Natural Resources Revenue and Bureau of Land Management (BLM), and the EPA, together with each Native American tribe, promulgate and enforce regulations pertaining to oil and natural gas operations on Native American reservations. These regulations include lease provisions, environmental standards, tribal employment contractor preferences and numerous other matters. 

Native American tribes are subject to various federal statutes and oversight by the Bureau of Indian Affairs and BLM. However, each Native American tribe is a sovereign nation and has the right to enact and enforce certain other laws and regulations entirely independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations, as long as they do not supersede or conflict with such federal statutes. These tribal laws and regulations include various fees, taxes, requirements to employ Native American tribal members or use tribal owned service businesses and numerous other conditions that apply to lessees, operators and contractors conducting operations within the boundaries of a Native American reservation. Further, lessees and operators within a Native American reservation are often subject to the Native American tribal court system, unless there is a specific waiver of sovereign immunity by the Native American tribe allowing resolution of disputes between the Native American tribe and those lessees or operators to occur in federal or state court. 

We therefore may become subject to various laws and regulations pertaining to Native American oil and natural gas leases, fees, taxes and other burdens, obligations and issues unique to oil and natural gas operations within Native American reservations. One or more of these Native American requirements, or delays in obtaining necessary approvals or permits necessary to operate on tribal lands pursuant to these regulations, may increase our costs of doing business on Native American tribal lands and have an impact on the economic viability of any well or project on those lands. 

The conflict in Ukraine and related price volatility and geopolitical instability could negatively impact our business. 

In late February 2022, Russia launched significant military action against Ukraine. The conflict has caused, and could intensify, volatility in natural gas, oil and NGL prices, and the extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have a substantial negative impact on the global economy and/or our business for an unknown period of time. There is evidence that the increase in crude oil prices during the first half of calendar year 2022 was partially due to the impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine on the global commodity and financial markets, and in response to economic and trade sanctions that certain countries have imposed on Russia. Any such volatility and disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

General securities market uncertainties resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Since the outset of the pandemic the United States and worldwide national securities markets have undergone unprecedented stress due to the uncertainties of the pandemic and the resulting reactions and outcomes of government, business and the general population. These uncertainties have resulted in declines in all market sectors, increases in volumes due to flight to safety and governmental actions to support the markets. As a result, until the pandemic has stabilized, the markets may not be available to the Company for purposes of raising required capital. Should we not be able to obtain financing when required, in the amounts necessary to execute on our plans in full, or on terms which are economically feasible we may be unable to sustain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan and may have to reduce the planned future growth and/or scope of our operations. 

35

General securities market uncertainties resulting in geo-political considerations. 

Since the outset of the military conflict in Ukraine, the United States and worldwide national securities markets have undergone unprecedented stress due to the uncertainties of that conflict and the resulting reactions and outcomes of governments, businesses, and the general population. These uncertainties have resulted in declines in all market sectors, increases in volumes due to flight to safety and governmental actions to support the markets. As a result, until the military conflict has stabilized, the markets may not be available to the Company for purposes of raising required capital. Should we not be able to obtain financing when required, in the amounts necessary to execute on our plans in full, or on terms which are economically feasible, we may be unable to sustain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan and may have to reduce the planned future growth and/or scope of our operations. 

General securities market uncertainties resulting in economic considerations. 

Recent unease regarding the geo-political considerations and increasing inflation has caused the United States and worldwide national securities markets to have undergone unprecedented stress due to the uncertainties of regarding the economy and the resulting reactions and outcomes of governments, businesses, and the general population. These uncertainties have resulted in declines in all market sectors, increases in volumes due to flight to safety and governmental actions to support the markets. As a result, until economic outlook has stabilized, the markets may not be available to the Company for purposes of raising required capital. Should we not be able to obtain financing when required, in the amounts necessary to execute on our plans in full, or on terms which are economically feasible, we may be unable to sustain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan and may have to reduce the planned future growth and/or scope of our operations. 

Our management and controlling stockholder, AEI Acquisition Company, LLC, has voting control of the Company . 

Our controlling stockholder, AEI Acquisition Company, LLC, currently owns approximately 74 of the total issued and outstanding common stock of the Company and our officers and directors own approximately 2.96 of our common stock (exclusive of shares of our common stock underlying the 7.25 Notes held by affiliates of Harry McMillan, who maintains sole voting and investment power over AEI Acquisition Company, LLC, which are subject to beneficial ownership blockers). AEI and management are able to influence the outcome of all corporate actions requiring approval of our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, which may result in corporate action with which other stockholders do not agree. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors, and that we have the power to indemnify our officers and employees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, which may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties, or from bringing derivative litigation against our directors and officers. 

Our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify any director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or any person serving in any such capacity of any other entity or enterprise at the request of the corporation, against any and all legal expenses (including attorneys' fees), claims and/or liabilities arising out of any action, suit or proceeding, except an action by or in the right of the corporation. The corporation may, but shall not be required to, indemnify any person where such person acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, where there was not reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order or settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and that, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, there was reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful. The corporation shall reimburse or otherwise indemnify any director, officer, employee, or agent against legal expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred in connection with defense of any action, suit, or proceeding herein above referred to, to the extent such person is successful on the merits or otherwise. Indemnification shall be made by the corporation only when authorized in the specific case and upon a determination that indemnification is proper by the stockholders, a majority vote of a quorum of the Board of Directors, consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit, or proceeding, or independent legal counsel in a written opinion, if a quorum of disinterested directors so orders or if a quorum of disinterested directors so orders or if a quorum of disinterested directors cannot be obtained. 

Our failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have an adverse impact on us . 

We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure of our public accounting firm s attestation to or report on management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our Common Stock. 

Management recently undertook an assessment of the effectiveness, as of December 31, 2022, of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO" 2013). Based upon that evaluation, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

36

Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, for the year ended December 31, 2022, such internal controls and procedures were not effective due to the following material weakness identified: 

lack of appropriate segregation of duties, 

lack of controls over proper maintenance of records, 

lack of control procedures that include multiple levels of supervision and review, and 

there is an overreliance upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures and material, nonstandard transactions 

In addition, discovery and disclosure of a material weakness in the future or our inability to cure the material weakness we previously discovered and disclosed, by definition, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. Such an occurrence could negatively affect our business and affect how our stock trades. This could, in turn, negatively affect our ability to access public equity or debt markets for capital. 

We have never paid dividends and we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future 

We intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of future cash dividends, if any, depend upon, among other things, conditions then existing including earnings, financial condition and capital requirements, restrictions in financing agreements, business opportunities and other factors. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock, will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

An active, liquid trading market for our common stock does not exist and if an active market were to develop, the price of our common stock may be volatile. 

There is no meaningful public market for our common stock although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Open Markets. The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active market may also reduce the price of shares of common stock. An inactive market may impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares and our ability to use our capital stock to acquire other companies or technologies. 

Our Board of Directors may authorize and issue shares of new classes of stock that could be superior to or adversely affect current holders of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has the power to authorize and issue shares of classes of stock, including preferred stock that have voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations and special rights, including preferred distribution rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation rights without further stockholder approval which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. In addition, our board could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing common stockholders. 

Any of these actions could significantly adversely affect the investment made by holders of our common stock. Holders of common stock could potentially not receive dividends that they might otherwise have received. In addition, holders of our common stock could receive less proceeds in connection with any future sale of the Company, whether in liquidation or on any other basis. 

Our shares are subordinate to all of our debts and liabilities, which increases the risk that you could lose your entire investment. 

Our shares are equity interests that are subordinate to all of our current and future indebtedness with respect to claims on our assets. In any liquidation, all of our debts and liabilities must be paid before any payment is made to our stockholders. 

The market price of our shares of common stock is subject to fluctuation. 

The market prices of our shares may fluctuate significantly in response to factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

the announcement of new production or discoveries by our competitors 

the release of energy resources by our competitors and energy reserves by government and other bodies 

developments in our industry or markets changes in our reserve estimates; 

general market conditions including factors unrelated to our operating performance 

37

Future capital raises may dilute our existing stockholders ownership and/or have other adverse effects on our operations. 

If we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders percentage ownership may decrease, and these stockholders may experience substantial dilution. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt instruments, these debt instruments could impose significant restrictions on our operations, including liens on our assets. If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or products, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us or could diminish the rights of our stockholders. 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

AEI Acquisition Company, LLC currently owns approximately 74 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If it, or any other of our stockholders, sells substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period or otherwise, or issued upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or other rights to receive common stock, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an "overhang" and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. The shares of our restricted common stock will be freely tradable upon the earlier of: (i) effectiveness of a registration statement covering such shares and (ii) the date on which such shares may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or other applicable exemption) under the Securities Act. Under the terms of a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Pure Oil Gas, Inc. and ZQH Holding, LLC entered June 25, 2020 for the purchase of oil and natural gas assets in Rogers County, Oklahoma, the Company recorded 1,210,000 of convertible debt which is convertible into common stock at 1.00 per share. The Company has disputed its obligation to pay any further amounts under the Purchase and Sale Agreement due to the seller s failure to perform. In the event that the seller prevailed and was able to convert its debt into common stock, the Company could be required to issue additional shares of its common stock which constitutes additional overhang and could have the effects described above. 

Our common stock may become subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, which would make transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not obtain a listing on the NYSE American Stock Exchange or another national securities exchange and if the price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock could be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. 

Corporate Office 

Our principal executive office is located at 14143 Denver West Parkway, Suite 100, Golden, CO 80401 , where we rent a virtual office from an unrelated third party, on a month-to-month basis, for a nominal amount. The services provided include telephone answering, mail receipt, and paid access to conference rooms. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable to our operations. 

38

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink Open Markets under the symbol APHE. 

Because we are quoted on the OTC Pink Open Markets, our securities may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news media, and, therefore, may reflect lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if the shares were listed on a national securities exchange. 

The following table sets forth the high and low bid quotations for our common stock as reported on the OTC Pink Open Markets for the periods indicated. 

High 

Low 

Fiscal 2021 

First Quarter 

5.17 

2.25 

Second Quarter 

6.00 

1.31 

Third Quarter 

6.25 

2.10 

Fourth Quarter 

5.00 

2.01 

Fiscal 2022 

First Quarter 

5.05 

1.35 

Second Quarter 

4.99 

2.55 

Third Quarter 

7.05 

2.50 

Fourth Quarter 

7.15 

6.25 

Fiscal 2023 

First Quarter (through February 9) 

7.00 

6.00 

Holders 

As of April 17, 2023, there are 130 record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends. 

We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not plan to pay such dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Board of Directors will determine our future dividend policy on the basis of many factors, including results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions, and state law regulating the payment of dividends. 

Shareholders. 

As of April 17, 2023, there were 21,653,326 shares of common stock outstanding held by 130 shareholders of record, and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Transfer Agent. 

The Transfer Agent for the Company s Common Stock is Equity Stock Transfer, 237 West 37th Street, Suite 601, New York, New York 10018. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

We have no recent sales of unregistered securities. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

None. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Overview 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Colorado on September 26, 2013. 

This discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections contained herein, including the risk factors and the consolidated financial statements and the related exhibits contained herein. The various sections of this discussion contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this Report as well as other matters over which we have no control. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those set forth in this Report. See Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

39

Going Concern 

The future of our company is dependent upon its ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations. Management has plans to seek additional capital through a private placement and public offering of its common stock, if necessary. Our auditors have expressed a going concern opinion which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company's financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company does not have significant cash or other current assets, nor does it have an established source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and to allow it to continue as a going concern. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Under the going concern assumption, an entity is ordinarily viewed as continuing in business for the foreseeable future with neither the intention nor the necessity of liquidation, ceasing trading, or seeking protection from creditors pursuant to laws or regulations. Accordingly, assets and liabilities are recorded on the basis that the entity will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the Business paragraph and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

During the next year, the Company s foreseeable cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the payment of expenses associated with research and development. The Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. 

Historically, it has mostly relied upon internally generated funds and funds from the sale of shares of stock to finance its operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital through future public or private offerings of the Company s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be no assurance that it will be able to obtain such financing. The Company s failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect upon it and its shareholders. 

Results of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenues of 270,627 and 3,839. The increase in revenue was due to acquired percentage working interests and net revenue interests in the Logan Project. 

Lease operating expenses were 573,770 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 15,652 for 2021. The increase in oil and gas sales and lease operating expenses was due to an increase in Alpha Energy Texas operations. 

Operating expenses were 1,256,702 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 894,498 for 2021. The change was primarily attributable to an increase of 310,849 in professional expenses related to the engagement of new legal and audit firms. In addition, there was an increase in gain on accounts payable of 120,250 related to the Company recording a gain on accounts payable of 0 and 120,250 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These changes were offset by decreases of 36,000 in board of director fees and a decrease of 32,895 in general and administrative expenses. 

Other expense was 22,704 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to other expense of 164,427 for 2021. The change was attributable to a 194,416 gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities due to the payoff of a convertible note in 2022, which was offset by a 63,299 increase in interest expense. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a net loss of 1,582,549 compared to 1,070,738 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

Liquidity describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs, debt services, acquisitions, contractual obligations and other commitments. As of the date of this filing, we have yet to generate meaningful revenue from our business operations and have funded acquisitions, capital expenditure and working capital requirement through equity and debt financing. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total current assets of 208,544 and total current liabilities of 1,737,933. We have historically funded our operations from lines of credit, sales of equity securities, loans and advances, including from related parties. 

As of December 31, 2022, our revenues have been inadequate to cover our operating costs. Accordingly, we expect we will be dependent on obtaining capital from external sources to fund our operations over the next two to three years. Although we have been successful in raising capital in the past, financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, so we may not be successful in obtaining additional financing. Therefore, it is not considered probable, as defined in applicable accounting standards, that our plan to raise additional capital will alleviate the substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods presented. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(1,463,814 

(356,892 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(1,387,449 

(95,791 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

2,946,408 

452,900 

40

Cash flows from operating activities 

Our cash flows used in operating activities to date have been primarily comprised of costs related to pursuing acquisitions and general and administrative activities as a result of operating as a public company, which we expect to increase. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 1,463,814 and 356,892 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in net cash flows used in operating activities as compared to the same period in 2021 is primarily driven by our signing of the Logan 1 acquisition in March 2022 and preparation for oil and natural gas related production activities thereafter. 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Our cash flows from investing activities have been comprised primarily of purchases of equipment and installation of improvements to our leased facilities. 

Net cash used in investing activities was 1,387,449 and 95,791 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of oil and natural gas property during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash flows from financing activities 

We have financed our operations primarily through sales of equity securities, loans and advances, including from related parties. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 2,946,408 and 452,900 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is comprised of 120,236 in proceeds from advances, from related parties, 500,000 from senior secured convertible notes payable from related party and 2,504,500 in proceeds from the sale of common stock, which were offset by repayments on the Convertible Credit Line of 168,328 and 10,000 repayments of advances, related party. The Company generated cash of 452,900 from financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 which consisted of 427,900 advances, related party, related party, 20,000 in proceeds from convertible credit line payable, related party and 5,000 in proceeds from the sale of common stock. 

On June 1, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible credit line with a related party, AEI Acquisition Company, LLC, the beneficial owner of 74 of the Company s common stock, which provides for up to 1,500,000 of advances. The outstanding principal amount accrues interest at a rate of 7 per annum and is convertible into shares of common stock at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) 4.00 per share or (ii) the closing price on the common stock on the primary trading market for our common stock on the day immediately preceding the date of conversion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid the convertible credit line in full. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance on the convertible credit line was 0 and 168,328, respectively. 

On December 31, 2022, the Company and 20 Shekels, Inc. an affiliate of our President Jay Leaver, and AEI Management, Inc., an affiliate of our majority stockholder, AEI Acquisition Company, LLC., entered into Exchange Agreements (the Exchange Agreements with respect to certain outstanding indebtedness of the Company. Under the Exchange Agreements, the Company s previously issued 7.25 Senior Secured Notes due February 22, 2024 to affiliates of Mr. Leaver (which were assigned to 20 Shekels, Inc. a corporation wholly-owned by Marshwiggle, LLC, a limited liability company jointly owned by Mr. Leaver and his spouse and to AEI Management, Inc. were amended and restated and the Contractual Investment Agreements CIA entered with the Company and related agreements were terminated and replaced with the new 7.25 Senior Secured Note Purchase Agreement agreements and the new 7.25 Transaction Documents. Under the terms of the Exchange Agreements, 20 Shekels, Inc. was issued a 906,754 principal amount 7.25 Note and AEI Management, Inc. was issued a 413,206 principal amount 7.25 Note. As a result of the amendments, the holders and the Company amended and restated the terms of the contractual agreements governing 7.25 Notes in order to, among other things, extend the maturity date to December 31 2024 and limit the scope of the collateral pledged to assets acquired on March 9, 2022 (34 well bores and related assets) under the Purchase and Sale Agreement with Progressive Well Service, LLC on the Cherokee Uplift in Central Oklahoma for the Logan 1 Assets. In addition, AEI Management, Inc. was appointed collateral agent for 7.25 Notes, the CIAs were terminated, and the parties agreed to various representations and warranties, covenants, and conditions, as provided in the new 7.25 Transaction Documents and released all prior obligations under the CIA and related agreements. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are exposed to a variety of market and other risks including credit risks, the market price for oil and natural gas and transaction risks as well as risks relating to the availability of funding sources, hazard events and specific asset risks. 

Going Concern 

The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain continued financial support from its stockholders, necessary equity financing to continue operations and the attainment of profitable operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred an accumulated deficit of 6,954,467 since inception and had not yet generated any revenue from operations. Additionally, management anticipates that its cash on hand as of December 31, 2022 is sufficient to fund its planned operations into but not beyond one year from the date of the issuance of these financial statements. The Company s continuing losses from operations and net capital deficiency raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We will have additional capital requirements for 2023 and beyond. We may need to seek additional financing, which may or may not be available to us. 

41

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None 

Contractual Obligations 

The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Alpha Energy Texas Operating LLC, or ETC, is a party to a Crude Oil Purchase Agreement with Energy Transfer Crude Marketing LLC, dated June 7, 2022, pursuant to which the Company sells to ETC all crude oil produced from the Logan Project. The price for the crude oil based on the weighted average price of West Texas Intermediate crude for the trade month and valued in the trade as Sunoco OK SW crude. The term of the Agreement is month-to-month and may be terminated by either party upon 30 days advance written notice. 

The Company is a party to a Gathering and Processing Agreement with ETC Pipeline, Ltd., dated August 1, 2022, pursuant to which ETC Pipeline LTD provides certain gathering, processing and related services with respect to gas produced by the Company. The Agreement provides that the fees for such services will be set forth in a transaction confirmation to be entered into with respect to the provision of specific services. The term of the Agreement is month-to-month and may be terminated by either party upon 60 days advance written notice. 

Significant Accounting Policies 

For a discussion of our significant accounting policies please see Note 1 to the audited financial statements included as part of this report. Management determined there were no critical accounting policies. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities and contingencies at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. As a result, management is required to routinely make judgments and estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different conditions or assumptions. 

Management believes its application of accounting policies, and the estimates inherently required therein, are reasonable. These accounting policies and estimates are periodically reevaluated, and adjustments are made when facts and circumstances dictate a change. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity instruments and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In assessing the convertible debt instruments, management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt under ASC 470, the Company will continue its evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments under ASC 815. The Company applies the guidance in ASC 815-40-35-12 to determine the order in which each convertible instrument would be evaluated for derivative classification. The Company s sequencing policy is to evaluate for reclassification contracts with the earliest maturity date first. Once determined, derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each reporting period end, with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as an adjustment to fair value of derivatives. 

Oil and natural gas properties 

We account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting as prescribed by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Under this method, subject to a limitation based on estimated value, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration, and development of proved and unproved oil and natural gas properties, including internal costs directly associated with acquisition, exploration, and development activities, the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs, and annual lease rentals are capitalized within a cost center. Costs of production and general and administrative corporate costs unrelated to acquisition, exploration, and development activities are expensed as incurred. 

Costs associated with unevaluated properties are capitalized as oil and natural gas properties but are excluded from the amortization base during the evaluation period. When we determine whether the property has proved recoverable reserves or not, or if there is an impairment, the costs are transferred into the amortization base and thereby become subject to amortization. 

We assess all items classified as unevaluated property on at least an annual basis for inclusion in the amortization base. We assess properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate that there would be impairment, or if proved reserves are assigned to a property, the cumulative costs incurred to date for such property are transferred to the amortizable base and are then subject to amortization. 

Capitalized costs are included in the amortization base, including estimated asset retirement costs, plus the estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing proved reserves, net of estimated salvage values. Sales or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to prove reserves would significantly change. 

The capitalized costs of oil and gas properties, excluding unevaluated and unproved properties, are amortized as depreciation, depletion and amortization expense using the units-of-production method based on estimated proved recoverable oil and gas reserves. 

42

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7 F-16 

43

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of Alpha Energy, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Alpha Energy, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s BF Borgers CPA PC 

 BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2023 

April 17, 2023 

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Alpha Energy, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Alpha Energy, Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2022 

F-2

Alpha Energy, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Joint interest billing receivable 

Prepaid assets and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Oil and gas property, proved and unproved, full cost 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related parties 

Interest payable - related parties 

Advances from related parties 

Note payable - related party 

Derivative liability 

Convertible note payable 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible credit line payable related party, net of discount of 

Senior secured convertible notes payable, related party, net of discount of 

Asset retirement obligation 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Preferred stock, shares authorized: 

Series A convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F-3

Alpha Energy, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Oil and gas sales 

Lease operating expenses 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses: 

Professional services 

Board of director fees 

General and administrative 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Gain (loss) on change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F-4

Alpha Energy, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Accumulated 

Total 

			 Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Paid-in Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock issued for cash 

Stock issued for settlement of liabilities 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

. 

Stock issued for cash 

Stock-based compensation 

Extinguishment of derivative liability 

- 

Net loss 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F-5

Alpha Energy, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Stock-based compensation 

Bad debt expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

(Gain) loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

Write off of option contract associated with oil and gas properties 

Asset retirement obligation expense 

Default interest added to note payable 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Joint interest billing receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable-related party 

Interest payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash paid for purchase of equipment 

Acquisition of oil and gas property 

Deposits for purchase of oil and gas properties 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from advances, related parties 

Repayment of advances, related parties 

Proceeds from convertible credit line payable - related party 

Payments on convertible credit line payable - related party 

Proceeds from senior secured convertible notes payable, related party 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Expenses paid on behalf of the Company by related party 

Oil and gas payments made by related party on behalf of the Company 

Stock issued for settlement of liabilities 

Debt discount on senior secured convertible notes payable related party and convertible credit line payable related party 

Advances and other liabilities converted to senior secured convertible notes payable, related party 

Extinguishment of derivative liability 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F-6

ALPHA ENERGY, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

owned subsidiary, Alpha Energy Texas Operating, LLC. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 

gas imbalances at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company recorded revenues of and and costs of revenues totaling and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

and shares issuable from senior secured convertible notes and convertible credit line payable which were considered for their dilutive effects but concluded to be anti-dilutive, respectively. 

Vehicles 

Machinery and equipment 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

per month. The Company paid to Brian Tribble, Managing Member of Kadence, through AEI Acquisition, LLC revolving credit note, on September 18, 2020. At closing, Alpha shall tender to Kadence a cash payment of (the Project Payment ). Alpha shall agree at Closing to make a monthly payment equal to of the net revenue stream from any new wells (not workovers, restarts, or recompletions) drilled in the Project area after the Closing until such time as Kadence shall have accrued from such new wells (the Production Payment ). Together, the Option Payment, Production Payment, and Project Payment shall satisfy the Purchase Price. On March 3, 2021, the Company amended the agreement until May 1, 2021, with a monthly payment in January through April 2021. The Company had advanced in option payments through September 30, 2021. The agreement is cancelled, and the Company wrote off the as of September 30, 2021. 

On June 30, 2020, the Company entered into an option Agreement with Progressive Well Service, LLC Progressive to acquire oil and gas assets in Lincoln and Logan Counties in Central Oklahoma. On March 9, 2022, the Company closed on the acquisition of well bores and related assets under the PSA with cash payments of . The Company is entitled to receive the proceeds of production from January 1, 2022 under the terms of the PSA and Progressive is required to operate the properties and transfer ownership and royalty decks to Company following a one-month transition period. Under the PSA we are obligated to make a further payment of three 3 percent of the net revenue from new wells drilled until Progressive receives an additional . 

The Company entered into a Letter of Intent with Chicorica, LLC on December 13, 2018 and extended the agreement through March 4, 2022. On March 1, 2022, the Company entered into an extension agreement with Chicorica to extend the Closing through August 5, 2022. In return, the Company must pay by April 1, 2022, by July 8, 2022 and by August 5, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid related to the extension agreement. 

Oil and gas properties at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

Leasehold Improvements - Undeveloped 

Lease Acquisition and Development Costs - Logan County 

Total oil and gas related assets 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively which is calculated by multiplying a estimated tax rate by the cumulative net operating loss (NOL) of approximately and , respectively. 

Due to the enactment of the Tax Reform Act of 2017, we have calculated our deferred tax assets using an estimated corporate tax rate of 25.63 . US Tax codes and laws may be subject to further reform or adjustment which may have a material impact to the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

The Company is subject to United States federal income taxes at an approximate rate of and state income taxes at an approximate rate of . The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company s income tax expense as reported is as follows: 

The net deferred tax assets consist of the following: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 

A reconciliation of income taxes computed at the statutory rate is as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

The Company has an operating loss carry forward of approximately as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of its capital stock, consisting of shares of preferred stock, par value per share, and shares of common stock, par value per share. 

The Company compensates each director with shares of common stock each month. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock valued at and , respectively, as board of director compensation. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock compensation in the amount of and issued shares of common stock to Kelloff Oil Gas, LLC. In addition, the Company recorded stock compensation in the amount of issued shares of common stock for services provided during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On September 2, 2022, the Company entered into a six-month agreement with a consultant that includes the issuance of common shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common shares and recorded of expense. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized expense related to this agreement. The Company will recognize the remaining expense over the service period. 

On October 15, 2022, the Company entered into a one year agreement with a consultant. Per the agreement, the Company will compensate the consultant and issue common shares per month. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common shares and recorded of expense. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock and received cash proceeds of . 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

The Company issued its CFO shares of common stock on December 31, 2021 valued at per share, to settle of accrued officer compensation. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reclassified shares issued for services in a prior year, which are currently in dispute, to accounts payable. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to settle accounts payable of . The Company recognized a gain of on settlement of accounts payable. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock for total proceeds of . 

The Company pays its CFO a yearly bonus of shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the CFO with a fair value of . 

On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into a month-to-month consulting agreement with Kelloff Oil Gas, LLC for consulting services that includes cash compensation of and the issuance of shares of common stock per month. The Company may terminate the agreement at any moment with a ten-day notice. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued common shares and recognized of stock-based compensation related to the agreement. 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. AEI Management paid expenses on the Company s behalf of during the year ended December 31, 2021. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are payable on demand. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid of the advances and converted of advances to a senior secured convertible note due February 24, 2024. 

The Company received advances from Jay Leaver, President of the Company, totaling and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mr. Leaver paid oil and gas payments on the Company s behalf totaling during the year ended December 31, 2021. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and is payable on demand. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted of advances to a senior secured convertible note due February 24, 2024. 

Other 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Chief Financial Officer allowed the use of his residence as an office for the Company at no charge. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, a board member of the Company acted as corporate council to Company at no charge, other than board of director fees. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and of short-term advances due to related parties, respectively. 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses - Related Parties 

As of December 31, 2022, there was of accounts payable related parties which consisted of due to Leaverite Exploration, Inc. d/b/a Leaverite Consulting Leaverite Exploration ), a corporation wholly-owned by our President, Jay Leaver pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

As of December 31, 2021, there was of accounts payable related parties which consisted of due to Leaverite Exploration, due to former CFO John Lepin, due Kelloff Oil Gas, LLC, a limited liability company and due to Staley Engineering LLC for consulting services. 

Notes Payable - Related Party 

On December 3, 2020, the Company executed a promissory note for with Jay Leaver, our President. The unsecured note matured three years from date of issuance and bore interest at a rate of per annum. As of December 31, 2021, the note payable had unpaid accrued interest in the amount of . On February 23, 2022, the promissory note was amended to a principal amount of , which includes the original plus additional advances of and accrued interest of . The amended promissory note matures on February 23, 2025 and bears interest at per annum. In February 2022, Mr. Leaver advanced an additional to the Company. On February 25, 2022, Mr. Leaver s promissory note and advance were assigned to 20 Shekels, Inc, a corporation wholly-owned by Marshwiggle, LLC, a limited liability company jointly owned by Mr. Leaver and his spouse and on February 25, 2022 the Company issued of its secured senior secured convertible notes due February 24, 2024, bearing interest at a rate of per annum (the 7.25 Note in exchange for the prior obligations. The Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock at per share. 

Senior Secured Convertible Notes Payable Related Party 

On February 25, 2022, the Company entered into secured senior secured convertible note for the purchase and sale of convertible promissory notes Convertible Note in the principal amount of . The Senior Convertible Note is convertible at any time after the date of issuance into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of per share. Upon conversion of the convertible note into the Company s common stock, the noteholder would be issued shares of the Company s common stock. Interest on the Convertible Note shall be paid to the investors at a rate of per annum, paid on a quarterly basis, and the maturity date of the Convertible Note is two years after the issuance date. The Convertible Note purports to be secured by certain oil and gas leases, lands, minerals and other properties of the Company, subject to prior liens and security interests. See Note 4 Related Party Transactions. from a related party were exchanged for a Convertible Note. Due to the variable conversion price in the convertible credit line, this fixed senior secured convertible note is treated as derivatives due to possibility of insufficient shares available at conversion to settle the notes. The day one derivative liability was , which was recorded as a discount on the senior secured convertible notes payable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized of the discount as interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized discount was . The outstanding principal balance on the senior secured convertible notes payable as of December 31, 2022 amounted to . See discussion of derivative liability in Note 9 Derivative Liability. 

On February 25, 2022, Mr. Leaver assigned a promissory note and advances of to 20 Shekels, an affiliated Company. On the same day, the assigned promissory note and advance totaling were transferred into a secured senior secured convertible note. The convertible note bears interest at and matures on February 25, 2024. The note is convertible into shares of the Company at per share. Due to the variable convertible credit line, this fixed senior secured convertible note are treated as derivatives due to possibility of insufficient shares available at conversion to settle the notes. The day one derivative liability was , which was recorded as a discount on the senior secured convertible notes payable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized of the discount as interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized discount was . The outstanding principal balance on the senior secured convertible notes payable as of December 31, 2022 amounted to . See discussion of derivative liability in Note 9 Derivative Liability. 

On December 31, 2022, the Company and 20 Shekels, Inc. an affiliate of our President Jay Leaver, and AEI Management, Inc., an affiliate of our majority stockholder, AEI Acquisition Company, LLC., entered into Exchange Agreements (the Exchange Agreements with respect to certain outstanding indebtedness of the Company. Under the Exchange Agreements, the Company s previously issued 7.25 Senior Secured Notes due February 22, 2024 to affiliates of Mr. Leaver (which were assigned to 20 Shekels, Inc. a corporation wholly-owned by Marshwiggle, LLC, a limited liability company jointly owned by Mr. Leaver and his spouse and to AEI Management, Inc. were amended and restated and the Contractual Investment Agreements CIA entered with the Company and related agreements were terminated and replaced with the new Senior Secured Note Purchase Agreement agreements and the new Transaction Documents. Under the terms of the Exchange Agreements, 20 Shekels, Inc. was issued a principal amount Note and AEI Management, Inc. was issued a principal amount Note. As a result of the amendments, the holders and the Company amended and restated the terms of the contractual agreements governing 7.25 Notes in order to, among other things, extend the maturity date to December 31 2024 and limit the scope of the collateral pledged to assets acquired on March 9, 2022 (34 well bores and related assets) under the Purchase and Sale Agreement with Progressive Well Service, LLC on the Cherokee Uplift in Central Oklahoma for the Logan 1 Assets. In addition, AEI Management, Inc. was appointed collateral agent for 7.25 Notes, the CIAs were terminated, and the parties agreed to various representations and warranties, covenants, and conditions, as provided in the new 7.25 Transaction Documents and released all prior obligations under the CIA and related agreements. 

As of December 31, 2022, the senior secured convertible notes payable balance, net of discount was . 

As of December 31, 2022, the future maturities of debt, excluding debt discounts are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

to ZQH (75 and Pure (25 . The due date of the note is April 30, 2019 and has an interest rate of per day. The note is for an escrow payment made directly to Premier Gas Company, LLC to hold the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated January 29, 2019. The note is secured by shares of the Company s common stock at per share. On June 25, 2020, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA with Pure and ZQH to acquire oil and gas assets in Oklahoma (the Rogers Project in consideration of a purchase price of . In connection with the purchase, the 50,000 note and accrued interest of was added to the purchase price resulting in a total note payable balance of . During the year ended December 31, 2020, of accrued interest which was previously outstanding was discharged and recorded as a gain on extinguishment of debt. The note payable of 1,060,000 was due to be paid on or before July 31, 2020 but remains outstanding to date. The balance of the note will increase by per month thereafter up to a maximum amount of through December 1, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, the Company recognized of default interest that was added to the principal and made payments of for a total payable of . If the purchase price is not fully paid on or before December 1, 2020, ZQH and Pure have the option to convert the balance outstanding into the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share and the note will also be subject to a monthly interest of . The Company, Pure, and ZQH have entered into various Extension Agreements, the current one of which is dated March 28th, 2021 (the Extension Agreement ). The Extension Agreement prevents Pure and ZQH from taking stock rather than cash through June 1, 2021, in return for which Company makes a monthly interest payment to ZQH and Pure of , which represents annual interest on the Purchase Price, compounded monthly. The Extension Agreement allows the Company to extend that period beyond June 1, 2021 under similar terms. No further Extension Agreement has been entered into to date. Per the extension agreement, ZQH and Pure have the option to convert all or part of the purchase price to the Company s common stock at per share after June 1, 2021. The Company evaluated the conversion option and concluded a beneficial conversion feature and embedded derivative were not present at the date of conversion. As a result of the conversion option on June 1, 2021, the Company reclassified the note payable to convertible note payable. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized of default interest that was added to the principal of the note payable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the convertible note payable balance was with accrued interest of . The Company is in legal discussions with ZQH to relieve the loan as the properties in the purchase agreement were not held by title. 

and matures on June 1, 2023. The outstanding balance accrues interest at a rate of per annum and the outstanding balance is convertible to common stock of the Company at the lesser of the close price of the common stock as quoted on the OTCBB on the day interest is due and payable immediately preceding the conversion or . The Company analyzed the conversion option in the convertible line of credit for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivative and Hedging, and determined that the transaction does qualify for derivative treatment. The Company evaluated the new convertible credit line for debt modification in accordance with ASC 470-50 and concluded that the debt qualified for debt modification as the borrowing capacity under the new credit line is greater than the borrowing capacity under the original credit line. There were no fees paid to the creditor and no unamortized deferred costs on the original credit line. Accordingly, no expense was recognized in connection with the transaction. On August 8, 2021, the Company received in cash proceeds from the credit line. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized of the discount as interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the unamortized discount was and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid of principal on the convertible credit line and of accrued interest. The outstanding principal balance on the convertible credit line as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to and . See discussion of derivative liability in Note 9 Derivative Liability. 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had a and derivative liability balance on the consolidated balance sheets, respectively and recorded a gain from derivative liability fair value adjustment of and loss from derivative liability fair value adjustment of during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company assessed its outstanding convertible credit line payable as summarized in Note 8 Convertible Credit Line Payable- Related Party and determined certain convertible credit lines payable with variable conversion features contain embedded derivatives and are therefore accounted for at fair value under ASC 920, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures and ASC 825, Financial Instruments. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid the convertible credit line in full, which caused the senior secured convertible notes to no longer be classified as a derivative. As a result, the Company recorded a reclassification from derivative liabilities to equity of . 

Utilizing Level 3 Inputs, the Company recorded a gain on fair market value adjustments related to convertible credit line payable and senior secured notes payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 of . The fair market value adjustments as of December 31, 2022 were calculated utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: exercise price of - , computed volatility of - and discount rate of - . 

Utilizing Level 3 Inputs, the Company recorded fair market value adjustments related to the derivative liability for the year ended December 31, 2021 of . An additional debt discount of was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 using the following assumptions: exercise price of , common share equivalents, and a fair value of the common stock of per share. The fair market value adjustments as of December 31, 2021 were calculated utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: exercise price of , computed volatility , discount rate , common share equivalents, and a fair value of the common stock of per share. 

A summary of the activity of the derivative liability is shown below: 

Derivative liabilities recorded 

Loss on change in derivative fair value adjustment 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Debt discount on senior secured notes payable 

Extinguishment of derivative liability 

Gain on change in derivative fair value adjustment 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

, increasing per year for five years. In addition, the employee will receive per month for health insurance, will receive a year-end bonus of shares of the Company stock and will receive a 0.03125 overriding royalty interest in each future producing well. On April 8, 2022, CFO resigned as director, officer and employee of the Company. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

We have had no disagreements with our independent auditor on accounting or financial disclosures. 

ITEM 9A (T). CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, John Lepin, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the year end covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation, they have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control, as is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls, including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently, an effective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made and in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Management has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO" 2013). Based upon this evaluation, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective due to the following material weakness identified: 

Lack of appropriate segregation of duties, 

Lack of controls over proper maintenance of records, 

Lack of control procedures that include multiple levels of supervision and review, and 

There is an overreliance upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures and material, nonstandard transactions. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management's report in this annual report. 

Implemented or Planned Remedial Actions in response to the Material Weaknesses 

We will continue to strive to correct the above noted weakness in internal control once we have adequate funds to do so. We believe appointing a director who qualifies as a financial expert will improve the overall performance of our control over our financial reporting. 

44

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

The Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that its disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all errors or all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

45

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement for our upcoming 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement for our upcoming 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement for our upcoming 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPNDENCE 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement for our upcoming 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement for our upcoming 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

46

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 

1. 

The financial statements listed in the "Index to Financial Statements" at page 30 are filed as part of this report. 

2. 

Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. 

Exhibits included or incorporated herein: See index to Exhibits. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Number 

Exhibit Description 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2022) 

3.2 

By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2022) 

10.1 

Exchange Agreement, dated December 31, 2022, by and between Alpha Energy, Inc and 20 Shekels, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.2 

Exchange Agreement, dated December 31, 2022, by and between Alpha Energy, Inc. and AEI Management Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 hereof). 

10.3 

Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2022, by and between Alpha Energy, Inc. and 20 Shekels, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.4 

Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2022, by and between Alpha Energy, Inc. and AEI Management, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.5 

7.25 Senior Secured Convertible Note due December 31, 2024, dated December 31, 2022, issued by Alpha Energy, Inc. to 20 Shekels Inc., in the amount of 906,754. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.6 

7.25 Senior Secured Convertible Note due December 31, 2024, dated December 31, 2022, issued by Alpha Energy, Inc. to AEI Management, Inc., in the amount of 403,216 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.7 

Security Agreement, dated December 31, 2022, made by Alpha Energy, Inc. in favor of 20 Shekels, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.8 

Security Agreement, dated December 31, 2022, made by Alpha Energy, Inc. in favor of AEI Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 hereof). 

10.9 

Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Company and Progressive Well Service, LLC, dated February 17, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2022) 

10.10 

Form of 1.00 per share Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.11 

Consulting Agreement by and between Fidare Consulting Group, LLC and the Company effective September 2, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.12 

Consultant Engagement Agreement by and between the Company and Jay Leaver, an individual, acting in his capacity as a representative of Leaverite Exploration, Inc., dated June 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2022) 

10.13 

Consulting Agreement by and between Matador Wellsite Consulting, LLC and the Company dated October 15, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.14 

Gathering and Processing Agreement Between Alpha Energy, Inc. and ETC Texas Pipeline, LTD, dated August 1, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.15 

Crude Oil Purchasing Agreement between Alpha Energy, Inc. and Energy Transfer Crude Marketing LLC, dated June 7, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.16 

Revolving Credit Note, in the amount of 500,000, dated June 1, 2021, issued by Alpha Energy, Inc. to AEI Acquisition Company, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2022) 

10.17 

Employment Agreement by and between the Alpha Energy, Inc. and John Lepin, dated June 1, 2020 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2018) 

10.18 

Board of Directors Agreement between Alpha Energy, Inc. and Richard M. Nummi (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2022) 

10.19 

Board of Directors Agreement between Alpha Energy, Inc. and Robert J. Flynn (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2022) 

10.20 

Board of Directors Agreement between Alpha Energy, Inc. and Lacie Kellogg (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2022) 

10.21 

Assignment of LLC Membership Interest Alpha Energy Texas Operating, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2023) 

10.22 

2022 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed on November 21, 2022) 

10.23 
			 Reserve Report pertaining to Logan dated March 27,2023 

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 

Certificate of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

31.2 

Certification Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
			 Certificate of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.2 
			 Certification Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

47

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused the report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Alpha Energy, Inc. 

/s/ Jay Leaver 

 Jay Leaver, President (Principal Executive Officer) 

 Date: April 17, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Lacie Kellogg 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

April 17, 2023 

Lacie Kellogg 

48

<EX-10.23>
 2
 ex_501297.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.23

ex_501297.htm 

Exhibit 10.23 

LIQUID GOLD TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

 AND AFFILIATES 

Evaluation of the selected leases in 

 Logan County, OK 

 Reserves and Valuations 

 as of March 27th, 2023 

Prepared for: 

Alpha Energy Inc. 

Prepared by: 

Liquid Gold Technologies 

and affiliates 

March 27 th , 2023 

March 27, 2023 

Alpha Energy Inc. 

Re: Certified SEC Reserves and Valuation Report for Alpha Energy Inc. for selected leases in Logan County, Oklahoma 

At the request of Alpha Energy Inc.(Alpha ), Liquid Gold Technologies, lnc. (LGT) has conducted a review of Alpha's oil and gas reserves, valuation data and reports as pertains to procedures and methodologies used as described by Alpha as Alpha's proved reserves, future production and the discounted future net income as of Jan 1, 2023 regarding properties known as Alpha's Logan 1 Project, otherwise known as the Alpha leases in Logan County, OK Oil Gas lease interest and wells, based upon the statements of Alpha, without independent verification, used in Alpha's supplied data to LGT regarding Alpha's interests in the field and wells. LGT has used LGT's interpretations of Alpha's supplied data and the SEC's definition, and disclosure guidelines of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) contained in Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting, Final Rule released July 14, 2009 in the Federal Register (SEC regulations). LGT's Reserves and Valuation Report dated December 31, 2023 is presented here based upon Alpha's and the firm's statements and supplied data. LGT prepared this report for public disclosure by Alpha in filings made with the SEC in accordance with the disclosure requirements set forth in the SEC regulations. The estimated reserves shown herein represent LGT's estimated net reserves attributable to the leasehold and royalty interests in certain properties as represented to be owned by Alpha effective as of December 31, 2023. The Alpha supplied reports and data reviewed by LGT were used by LGT, without audit, to produce the reserves determinations of such property and wells and otherwise known as the properties ("Properties"). 

Interests 

The report and properties referred to herein and produced by LGT represent, as per Alpha supplied data, various percent of Alpha 's anticipated working and net revenue interest. The properties are located in W/2 SW/4, W/2 E/2 SW/4 Section 6, T17N- R2W,SE/4 Section 1, S/2 Section 2, W/2 SW4 (wells owned only), E/2 (wells owned only), NW, and E/2 SW/4 Section 11, S/2, NW, and N/2 NE Section 12, and well 14-8 in Logan County, OK. There are also production rights held for three wells in Section 36 T16N-R2E in Lincoln County, OK. Based on Alpha s reports, their working interest ownership is on average approximately 83.0 , with a range of 36.90 to 100 representing the working revenue interest across the 1380 gross leased acres in Logan County, OK. The total net proved oil and natural gas hydrocarbons reserves is estimated within this acreage based on these anticipated ownership percentages as of December 31, 2023. The leased acreage location, areas, and shapes were provided by Alpha, without audit, and used in the analysis of the estimated reserves. 

Expenses 

The anticipated capital expenditures or lease operating expenses (LOE) associated with the development of the lease acreage and the extraction of the oil and gas resource was from Authorization for Expenditure (AFE) information provided by Alpha. The LOE for each vertical well is projected to be 750 per month per well and 2,500 per month per horizontal well, once each well is brought online. 

On the property, there are nine (9) wells that are currently active, with two wells recently recompleted (Mississippian formation perforated and acidized). There was an attempt to restart three wells (Coral 2-2, Coral 11-21, and Coral 11-28) but the results were uneconomic due to high water production. A future plan is to convert 1-2 wells into saltwater disposal wells, possibly Coral 12-27. 

The cost of initiating behind-the-pipe production of the Redfork, Cleveland, Hunton, Carmichael, Viola, Oswego, and lower Mississippian formations in selected wells is anticipated to also be 90,000 per well. There is not expected to be any comingling of production in these wells since they are inactive, though plugs should be employed as necessary . There are also eight inactive wells that should be brought online with a modest workover estimated at 12,000 per well. These wells produced exclusively out of the Miss Lime and their initial production is anticipated to be profitable. 

There is solid potential for the development of horizontal and vertical proven undeveloped wells on Logan I. The capital expenditure to drill and complete new proven, undeveloped (PUDs) verticals wells is 700,000 per new well. The capital expenditures to drill and complete undeveloped (PUDs) horizontal wells range from 3,500,000 for 1.5 miles laterals per new well. 

Pricing 

As of January 1, 2023, LGT has used the trailing-twelve-month (TTM) Jan 1, 2023 Cushing, Oklahoma WTI oil price average and the Henry Hub Jan 1, 2023 TTM natural gas price average. The pricing used by LGT were held constant throughout the life of the properties. A detailed table in the appendix summarizes the TTM NYMEX WTI oil price average used by LGT. The product prices which were used by LGT to determine the future gross revenue for each property were not adjusted for gravity, quality, local conditions, gathering and transportation fees, operational efficiency, or distance from market, referred to as the "differentials." 

The average realized prices shown in the table below were determined by LGT before production taxes. LGT's estimate of the total oil and gas prices for the Central Oklahoma area are shown. The data shown is presented in accordance with SEC disclosure requirements. 

Geographic 

			 Area 

Date 

Product 

Average Realized 

			 Prices 

Henry Hub 

			 TTM Average 

TTM average Jan 1, 2023 

Gas 

6.344/MBTU 

NYMEX WTI 

			 TTM Average 

TTM average Jan 1, 2023 

Oil 

90.57/Bbl. 

Reserves 

LGT's estimated reserves and future net income amounts, based upon Alpha 's supplied data, are related to hydrocarbon prices. Alpha has informed LGT that in preparation of their supplied data they have supplied LGT with accurate data. As of March 27, 2023, LGT has used the Jan 1, 2023 trailing-twelve-month (TTM) oil prices average based on Cushing, Oklahoma WTI prices. As of March 27, 2023, LGT has used the Jan 1, 2023 TTM natural gas prices based on Henry Hub natural gas prices average. Actual future prices may vary significantly from these contracted prices, therefore, volumes of reserves actually recovered, and the amounts of income actually received may differ significantly from the estimated quantities and values presented in this report. A summary of the report s findings are as follows: 

SEC PARAMETERS 

 Estimated PV10 

 1380 gross leased acres, more or less 

 Logan County, OK 

 As of January 1, 2023, Proven and Probable 

Producing 

Non-Producing 

Behind Pipe 

Undeveloped Drilled 

Total Proved 

Proven Net Reserves 

PDP 

PDNP 

PBP 

PUD 

PROVEN 

Gas-MCF 

23,110 

14,780 

417,780 

0 

455,670 

Oil/Condensate-Bbl. 

6,520 

6,300 

57,980 

0 

70,800 

SEC PV-10 (BOE) ) 

400,140 

310,120 

4,331,760 

0 

5,042,020 

TOTAL PV-10 VALUATION 

5,042,020 

Probable Net Reserves 

PROBABLE 

Gas-MCF 

0 

0 

86,570 

4,558,720 

4,645,290 

Oil/Condensate-Bbl. 

0 

0 

52,610 

1,377,170 

1,429,780 

SEC PV-10 (BOE) ) 

0 

0 

2,240,040 

70,773,960 

73,014,000 

TOTAL PROB PV-10 

			 VALUATION 

73,014,000 

TOTAL PROVEN + PROB 

			 PV-10 VALUATION 

78,056,020 

The BOE factor in the table above is based on Jan 1, 2023 TTM oil and gas prices average. Liquid hydrocarbons are expressed in standard 42-gallon barrels. All gas volumes are reported on as "as-sold basis" expressed in thousands of cubic feet (MCF) at the official temperature and pressure bases of the areas in which the gas reserves are located. In the report, discounted future net income data are expressed as U.S. dollars ). 

Reserves included in this Report 

The productive formation found within on the Logan and Lincoln property includes formations such as the Viola, Miss Lime, Carmichael, Redfork, Cleveland, Hunton, and the Wilcox, with the vast majority of wells producing from the Miss Lime. The breakdown of the wells consists of 9 (nine) active producing wells and eight (8) inactive wells. Of the nine active wells, all nine are producing from the upper-mid Miss Lime, and one is also producing from both the Viola dolomite and Miss Lime formations. One of these wells was also identified with proven production behind-the-pipe (bypass) in the Cleveland formation. 

Of the eight inactive wells, all plan to be brought on-line with a modest workover effort and expense. These wells almost exclusively produced from the Miss Lime. While some of these wells may prove to be noncommercial or marginally profitable, the distributed risk across all eight wells is anticipated to be clearly profitable. In addition, nine (9) wells were identified with proven production behind-the-pipe (bypass). These wells, with simple perforation and acid treatment, would be sufficient to stimulate production. There are also plans to drill 10 (ten) vertical Miss Lime well (PUDs) but given present lease holdings, only 7 (seven) are available for development. 

From a review of previous work and the characteristics of several horizontal wells in the area, it is reasonable to conclude that there is strong potential for horizontal well development within the Miss Lime and Woodford formations, specifically the sections located within 17N-3W. Most of the horizontal wells in the area were drilled in 2012-2014, with two drilled in 2016-2017. Thus the completions of these wells are clearly in the gen1 or gen 2 types of completion designs. Operators have advanced their designs to gen 5 or beyond, with resulting improvements in production of 100-200 or more. The OOIP has been shown from local well data and the recovery has been substantially improved from region data, however, any undeveloped horizontal wells were categorized as probable undeveloped due to lack of local analogs. Eight Woodford horizontal well probable prospects were identified through the analysis. All eight horizontals are 7500 feet long and are located running N-S in 1-17N-3W, 2-17N-3W, 11-17N-3W, and 12-17N-3W. 

Categories of Reserves 

In LGT's opinion, and using the Alpha supplied statements and data, this report is of the procedures and methodologies used to determine the proved reserves conforms to the definitions as set forth in the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulations Part 210.4- 

 10(a). An abridged version of the SEC reserves definitions from 210.4-10(a) entitled "Petroleum Reserves Definitions" is included as an attachment to this report. 

The various proved reserve status categories are defined under the attachment entitled "Petroleum Reserves Definitions" in this report. The proved developed non- producing reserves included in this report consist of shut-in and behind pipe categories and Proved Undeveloped reserves are projected from wells remaining to be drilled with reasonable certainty to by likely to produce similar volumes of oil and gas reserves given the identical economic conditions that exist. 

Reserves are "estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be producible, as of a given date, after completion of development projects to known accumulations." All reserve estimates involve an assessment of the uncertainty relating to the likelihood that the actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater or less than the estimated quantities determined as of the date the estimate is made. The uncertainty depends chiefly on the number of reliable statements and data supplied by Alpha and the geologic and engineering data available at the time of the estimate. Alpha 's statements and data were taken as accurate without detailed audit of the statements and data supplied. The relative degree of uncertainty may be conveyed by placing reserves into one of two principal classifications, either proved or unproved. Unproved reserves are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves. Reserves may be further sub-classified as probable and possible reserves to denote progressively increasing uncertainty in their recoverability. At Alpha 's request, only proved reserves attributable to the properties were reviewed. 

Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward. The proved reserves were estimated using deterministic methods as described. If deterministic methods are used, the SEC has defined reasonable certainty for proved reserves as a "high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered." 

Proved reserve estimates will generally be revised only as additional geologic or engineering data become available or as economic conditions change. For proved reserves, the SEC states that "as changes due to increased availability of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made to the reserves with time, reasonably certain estimated resources are much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease" given the statements and data available and taken as accurate. Moreover, estimates of proved reserves may be revised because of future operations, effects of regulation by governmental agencies or geopolitical or economic change and risks. Therefore, any proved reserves are estimates only and should not be construed as being exact quantities, and if recovered, the revenues there from, and the actual costs related thereto, could be more or less than the estimated amounts. 

Data, Methodology, Procedure, and Assumptions 

The estimation of reserves involves two distinct determinations. The first determination results in the estimation of the quantities of recoverable oil and gas and the second determination results in the estimation of the uncertainty associated with those estimated quantities in accordance with definitions set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission Regulations Part 210.4-10(a). The process of estimating the quantities of recoverable oil and gas reserves relies on the use of certain generally accepted analytical procedures. These analytical procedures fall into three broad categories or methods: (1) performance-based methods; (2) volumetric-based methods; and (3) analogy. These methods may be used singularly or in combination by the reserve evaluator in the process of estimating the quantities of reserves. 

Reserve evaluators must select the method or combination of methods which in their professional judgment is most appropriate given the nature and amount or reliable geoscience and engineering data available at the time of the estimate, the established or anticipated performance characteristics of the reservoir being evaluated and the stage of development or producing maturity of the property. 

In many cases, the analysis of the available geoscience and engineering data and the subsequent interpretation of this data may indicate a range of possible outcomes in an estimate, irrespective of the method selected by the evaluator. When a range in the quantity of reserves is identified, the evaluator must determine the uncertainty associated with the incremental quantities of the reserves. If the reserve quantities are estimated using the deterministic incremental method, the uncertainty for each discrete incremental quantity of the reserves is addressed by the reserve category assigned by the evaluator. 

Therefore, it is the categorization of reserve quantities as proved, probable and/or possible that addresses the inherent uncertainty in the estimated quantities reported. For proved reserves, the SEC defines uncertainty wherein the "quantities actually recovered are much more likely than not to be achieved." This report refers only to estimates of proven reserves and their valuation as of Jan 1, 2023. The SEC states that "probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are likely as not to be recovered." The SEC states that "possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves and the total quantities ultimately recovered from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves." All quantities of reserves within the same reserve category must meet the SEC definitions as noted above. 

Estimates of reserves quantities and their associated reserve categories may be revised in the future as additional geoscience or engineering data become available. Furthermore, estimates of reserves quantities and their associated reserve categories may also be revised due to factors such as changes in economic conditions, results of future operations, effects of regulation by governmental agencies or geopolitical or economic risks as previously noted. 

The proved reserves for the properties as reviewed and estimated by LGT, based upon data supplied by Alpha without audit, include but are not limited to performance methods, the volumetric method, analogy, or a combination of methods. The performance methods used by LGT include, but may not be limited to, decline curve analysis that utilized extrapolations of historical production and pressure data available through Jan 1, 2023 in those cases where such data were considered to be definitive. The statements and data supplied by Alpha were furnished to LGT by Alpha and were considered factual and sufficient for the purpose without audit. The volumetric method, analogy, or a combination of methods determined other proved reserves. 

100 percent of the proved developed non-producing and the proved un-developed reserves that were reviewed were estimated by LGT by the analogy and volumetric method. The data utilized from the analogies and volumetric data were considered sufficient for the purpose. 

As stated previously, proved reserves must be anticipated to be producible from a given dat e forward based upon economic conditions including prices and costs at which producibility from a reservoir is determined. LGT has taken certain of Alpha 's primary statements of their economic data as factual without audit and certain of Alpha 's other data as factual without audit. The ratio of the TTMs for oil and gas were used to calculate the BOE factor utilized. The BOE factor was calculated to be 20.48.The effect of derivative instruments designated as price hedges of oil and gas quantities are not reflected in Alpha 's individual property evaluations since derivatives are not used by Alpha. 

LGT's forecasts for future production rates are based upon historical performance from wells in the region. Where no production decline trends have been established by LGT due to the limited historical production records from wells on the properties, surrounding similar wells historical production records have been used and extrapolated to wells of the property. An estimated rate of decline was then applied by LGT to depletion of the reserves or thirty (30) years, whichever occurs first. 

Test data and other related information were used by LGT to estimate the anticipated initial production rates from wells or locations that are not currently producing. For reserves not yet on production, sales were estimated to commence at an anticipated date furnished by Alpha . Wells or locations that are not currently producing may or may not start producing earlier or later than anticipated by Alpha estimates due to unforeseen factors causing such changes. Such factors may include further interpretation, delays due to weather, the availability of Alpha , the sequence of drilling, completing and/or recompleting wells and/or constraints set by regulatory bodies or other changes. 

The future production rates from wells currently on production, or wells or locations that are not currently producing, may be more or less than estimated because of changes including, but not limited to, accuracy of statements and data supplied by Alpha, reservoir performance, operating conditions, compression and artificial lift, pipeline capacity and/or operating conditions, producing market demand and/or allowables, prices, or other constraints, which may be set by regulatory bodies. 

Operations that generate Alpha s income may vary and be subject to various levels of governmental controls and regulations. These controls and regulations may include, but not be limited to, matters relating to land tenure and leasing, the legal requirement to produce hydrocarbons, drilling and production practices, environmental protection, marketing and pricing policies, royalties, various taxes, and levies including income tax which may be subject to change from time to time. Such changes in governmental regulations and policies may cause volumes of proved reserves and amounts of income to differ significantly from the estimated quantities. 

The estimation of proved reserves is based upon Alpha 's supplied statements and data and Alpha 's stated interests owned by Alpha ; however, LGT has not made any field or leases or land title examination of the properties. No consideration was given to potential environmental liabilities that may exist nor were any costs included for potential liabilities to restore and clean up damages, if any, caused by past or future operating practices. All reserves were estimated based on single unit spacing from productive wells and contiguous productive formations based on geological and engineering data. 

Alpha has informed LGT that Alpha have furnished LGT with all of the material accounts, records, geological and engineering data, reports and other statements and data in their possession required for this investigation. LGT has not confirmed this by audit of Alpha files. In performing LGT's review of Alpha 's forecast of future prices, production and income, LGT has relied upon Alpha 's statements and data furnished to LGT by Alpha as accurate without independent verification with respect to use of proper and accurate economics, property interests owned by Alpha , production and well tests from examined wells, product prices, any geological and engineering data supplied by Alpha . LGT reviewed such data for its reasonableness; however, LGT has not conducted an independent verification of the statements or data furnished by Alpha . LGT considers the statements and data furnished to LGT by Alpha to be appropriate for the purpose of this review of Alpha 's property interest. In summary, LGT considers the assumptions, data, methods, and analytical procedures used by Alpha and reviewed by LGT to be appropriate for the purpose hereof, and LGT has used all such methods and procedures that LGT considers necessary and appropriate under the circumstances to render LGT's conclusions as stated. 

Opinion 

Based on LGT's review, including LGT's statements and data, technical processes and methodologies stated and/or used by LGT, it is LGT's opinion that the overall procedures and methodologies utilized in preparing LGT's estimates of the proved reserves, future production and discounted future net income as of Jan 1, 2023 to comply with current SEC regulations and that the overall proved reserves, future production and discounted future net income for the reviewed properties as estimated by LGT are, in the aggregate, reasonable within established SEC guidelines. 

Standards of Independence and Professional Qualifications 

LGT is an independent petroleum geological, geophysical, and engineering consulting firm that has been providing petroleum-consulting services and qualified reserves evaluations and certified reserves and valuation reports for clients throughout the world for over thirty years. LGT is an employee-owned incorporated firm and maintains offices in Dallas, Texas U.S.A. LGT has numerous extensively experienced and licensed engineers and geoscientists as our consulting staff. 

No single client or job represents a material portion of LGT s annual revenue. LGT employees do not serve as an officer or director of any publicly traded oil and gas company and LGT is separate and independent from the operating and investment decision- making process of our clients. LGT does not own interests in any of our client's properties. This allows LGT to bring the highest level of independence and objectivity to each engagement for our services. 

LGT and its affiliate consultants actively participates in industry-related professional societies and organizations and has been performing reserves evaluations according to SEC regulation and requirements for over twenty-five years for major oil and gas corporations as well as mid-sized and small independent oil and gas companies worldwide. 

LGT and its affiliate engineers and geoscientists are required to receive the appropriate professional accreditation in the form of registered or certified professional engineer's license or a registered or certified professional geoscientist's credentials from an appropriate governmental authority or from the recognized self-regulating professional organizations and to maintain such credentials in active up to date status. 

LGT is independent with respect to Alpha. Neither LGT nor any of LGT's employees have any interest in the subject properties, and neither the employment to do these services nor the compensation to perform such services is contingent upon LGT's reviews or estimates of reserves for any properties or client. 

The results of this report, presented herein, are based upon technical review and analysis by teams of consulting geoscientists and engineers for LGT. The professional qualifications of the undersigned, the technical person primarily responsible for overseeing, reviewing, and approving the review of the reserve information discussed in this report, are included as an attachment to this letter. 

Terms of Usage 

LGT has provided Alpha with a digital version and a signed copy of this reserves and valuation report. In the event there are any differences between the digital version, and this signed copy and medallioned report, this signed report shall control and supersede the digital version. 

The data and work papers used in the preparation and report are available for examination by authorized parties in LGT s offices at an arranged time and date. Please contact LGT if we can be of further service. 

Respectfully, 

 LGT 

This 

Space 

Left 

Blank 

Intentionally 

Professional Qualifications of Primary Technical Persons 

Dr. Robert Miles 

Dr. Robert Miles received his B.S. with distinction from the US Naval Academy, and M.S. and PhD degrees in Material Physics from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). 

He presently is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Liquid Gold Technologies. Dr. Miles was previously an employee of Hunt Oil and Sevin Rosen Funds (SRF), where he led Hunt Oil s efforts in the evaluation of all technological advancements in the areas of oil and gas exploration and reservoir development. He has worked through the years with SRF and an exploration firm to study the efficacy and opportunities of a range of reconnaissance and exploration technologies and the opportunities utilizing advanced signal processing. 

Previously, he was a partner at Koch Industries, where he led successful startups in the areas of exploration and reconnaissance technologies, and advanced materials. He also served as a manager at McKinsey Company, consulting for several Fortune 500 energy companies on operations, risk management, and capital efficiency. Prior to McKinsey, he worked at Jet Propulsion Labs in Pasadena, California on Remote Sensing algorithms and measurements for characterizing material characteristics. He also did research at IBM Research Labs in Yorktown Heights, New York on material analysis and characterization. 

Among his achievements are: 

Invention of the QuickLook process, which involves the mathematical stacking of numerous disparate geological and geophysical datasets with different geostatistical characteristics. 

Co-led or led discovery of many new fields in both nationally and internationally including selected areas in United States and South America. 

Joseph Rochefort 

Joseph Rochefort received his M.S. in Geology from Texas Tech University, and his B.S. in Geophysics and Geology from Texas Christian University. He is a certified Petroleum Geologist, certified Petroleum Geophysicist, and SEC Recognized Reservoir Analyst. 

He is presently a consultant for LGT and performs a wide variety of E P services including field development, certified SEC reserves reports, reservoir modeling, FTC M A oversight reports, drilling and prospect analysis, sedimentary, and carbonate structural and diagenetic field exploration and developments, well operations and log analysis for and with various U.S. and International entities and clients. 

He has previously worked at Mobil and Exxon as an Exploration Geologist and in their global corporate New Exploration and Production Ventures Division. 

Among his achievements are: 

Multiple industry and public SEC reserves analyses and reservoir evaluations for majors, independents, and for various governmental entities. 

Recognition as an Expert Oil and Gas Industry Witness. 

Acquisition of exploration and production interests of over 43,000 acres interest in 4 U.S. basins with subsequent direction of drilling discoveries of four fields and further drilling development of 8 producing fields with market valuation of 2.2 Billion. 

Development, supervision, and successful completion of acquisition, development, operations, drilling, Mergers Acquisition projects, ranging in CapEx from 5 Million to 200 million. 

PETROLEUM RESERVES DEFINITIONS 

As Adapted From: 

RULE 4-10(a) of REGULATION S-X PART 210 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (SEC) 

PREAMBLE 

On July 14, 2009, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) published the "Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting: Final Rule" in the Federal Register of National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). The "Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting: Final Rule" includes revisions and additions to the definition section of Rule 4-10 of Regulation S-X, revisions and additions to the oil and gas reporting requirements in Regulation S-K, and amends and codifies Industry Guide 2 in Regulation S-K. The Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting; Final Rule", including all references to Regulation S-X and Regulation S-K, shall be referred to herein collectively as the "SEC regulations". The SEC regulations take effect for all filings made with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission as of July 31, 2009, or after July 1, 2010. Reference should be made to the full text under Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Regulation S-X Part 210, Rule 4-10(a) for complete definitions (direct passages excerpts in part or wholly from the aforementioned SEC document are incorporated herein in italics). 

Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. All reserves estimates involve an assessment of the uncertainty relating to the likelihood that the actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater or less than the estimated quantities determined as of the date the estimate is made. The uncertainty depends chiefly on the amount of reliable geologic and engineering data available at the time of the estimate and the interpretation of these data. The relative degree of uncertainty may be conveyed by placing reserves into one of two principal classifications, either proved or unproved. Unproved reserves are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves and may be further sub-classified as probable and possible reserves to denote progressively increasing uncertainty in their recoverability. 

Under SEC regulations as of July 31, 2009, or after July 1, 2010, a company may optionally disclose estimated quantities of probable or possible oil and gas reserves in documents publicly filed with the SEC. The SEC regulations continue to prohibit disclosure of estimates of oil and gas resources other than reserves and any estimated values of such resources in any document publicly filed with the SEC unless such information is required to be disclosed in the document by foreign or state law as noted in 229.1202 Instruction to item 1202. 

Reserves estimates will be revised only as additional geologic or engineering data becomes available or as economic conditions change. 

Reserves may be attributed to either natural energy or improved recovery methods. Improved recovery methods include all methods for supplementing natural energy or altering natural forces in the reservoir to increase ultimate recovery. Examples of such methods are pressure maintenance, natural gas cycling, waterflooding, thermal methods, chemical and/or biological methods, and the use of miscible and immiscible displacement fluids as well as other methods. 

Reserves may be attributed to either conventional or unconventional petroleum accumulations. Petroleum accumulations are considered as to be either conventional or unconventional based on the nature of their in-place characteristics, extraction method applied, or degree of processing prior to sale. Examples of unconventional petroleum accumulations include coalbed or coal seam methane (CBM/CSM), basin-centered gas, shale gas, gas hydrates, natural bitumen and oil shale deposits. These unconventional accumulations may require specialized extraction technology and/or significant processing prior to sale. 

Reserves do not include quantities of petroleum being held in inventory. 

Because of the differences in uncertainty, caution should be exercised when aggregating quantities of petroleum from different reserves categories. 

RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 

The Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(26) defines reserves as follows: 

Reserves. Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations . In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal Alpha to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and gas or related substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project. 

Note to paragraph (a)(26) : Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent rese1Voirs Isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Rese1Ves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from known accumulation by a non-productive rese1Voir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results). Such areas may contain prospective resources (potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations). 

PROVED RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 

Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(22) defines proved oil and gas reserves as follows: 

Proved oil and gas reserves. Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible - from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations - prior to the time at which contracts providing the Alpha to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. 

(i) 

The area of the reservoir considered as proved includes: 

(A) 

The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and 

(B) 

Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty, be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil and gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering data. 

(ii) 

In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty. 

(iii) 

Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher contact with reasonable certainty. 

(iv) 

reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when: 

(A) 

Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project or program was based; and 

(B) 

The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and entities, including governmental entities. 

(v) 

Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-of-the- month price for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions. 

RESERVES STATUS DEFINITIONS AND GUIDELINES 

As Adapted From: 

RULE 4-10(a) of REGULATION S-X PART 210 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 

 COMMISSION (sec) 

And 

PETROLEUM RESOURCES MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (SPE- PRMS) 

Sponsored and approved by: 

SOCIETY OF PETROLEUM 

 ENGINEERS (SPE) WORLD 

 PETROLEUM COUNCIL (WPC) 

AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF PETROLEUM 

 GEOLOGISTS (AAPG) SOCIETY OF PETROLEUM 

 EVALUATION ENGINEERS (SPEE) 

Reserves status categories define the development and producing status of wells and reservoirs. Reference should be made to Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Regulation S-X Part 210, Rule 4-10(a) and SPE-PRMS as the following reserves status definitions are based on excerpts from the Alpha documents (direct passages excerpted from the aforementioned SEC and SPE-PRMS documents are denoted in italics herein). 

DEVELOPED RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 

Securities and Exchange Commission Regulations S-X 210.4-10(a)(6) defines developed oil and gas reserves as follows: 

Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered: 

(i) 

Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is minor compared to the cost of a new well; and 

(ii) 

Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time or the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. 

Developed Producing (SPE-PRMS Definitions) 

While not a requirement for disclosure under the SEC regulations, developed oil and gas reserves may be further sub-classified according to the guidance contained in the SPE-PRMS as Producing or Non-Producing. 

Developed Producing Reserves 

Developed Producing Reserves are expected to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the time of the estimate. 

Improved recovery reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation. 

Developed Non-Producing (PDNP) 

Developed Non-Producing reserves include shut-in and behind-pipe reserves. 

Shut-in 

Shut-in Reserves are expected to be recovered from: 

(1) 

completion intervals which are open at the time of the estimate, but which have not started producing; 

(2) 

wells which were shut-in for market conditions or pipeline connections; or 

(3) 

wells not capable of production for mechanical reasons. 

Behind-Pipe 

Behind-pipe Reserves are expected to be recovered from zones in existing wells, which will require additional completion work or future re-completion prior to start of production. 

In all cases, production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared to the cost of drilling a new well. 

UNDEVELOPED RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 

Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(31) defines undeveloped oil and gas reserves as follows: 

Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. 

(i) 

Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. 

(ii) 

Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances justify a longertime. 

(iii) 

Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery techniques is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty. 

Additional tables 

Table 1: PDNP Project Information date 1-Jan-2023. 

 Table II: PDNP Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1-Jan-2023. 

 Table III: PBP Project Information date 1-Jan-2023. 

 Table IV: PBP Reserve Economic Proforma Report dates 1-Jan-2023 

 Table V: PDP Project Information date 1-Jan-2023. 

 Table VI: PDP Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1-Jan-2023. 

 Table VII: Probable BP Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1-Jan-2023. Table VIII: Probable Project Information date 1-Jan-2023. 

 Table IX: Probable Undeveloped Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1- Jan-2023. 

 Appendix: TTM Average of Oil and Gas Prices 

Table I: PDNP Project Information date 1-Jan-2023. 

BASIC PROJECT INFORMATION 

Description 

Units 

Value 

Evaluation date 

Jan 2023 

Prepared by 

Dr. Robert Miles 

Interest owner 

Alpha Energy Inc. 

Well /or Lease name 

Various leased areas 

Field /or Reservoir name 

Lawrie West 

County 

Logan 

State 

OK 

Operator name 

Alpha Energy Texas Operating LLC 

Project name 

Logan I 

Reserve category 

Proven 

Effective month year 

Jan 2023 

Selected discount rate 

10 

ECONOMIC AND INVESTMENT DATA 

Net Revenue Interest (avg) 

83.0 

Total acreage 

acres 

1380 

PRICING DATA 

Oil price 

/Bbl. 

90.57 

Oil price Esc and start date 

0 

Gas price 

/MCF 

6.344 

Gas price Esc and start date 

0 

The expected production from the eight (8) reworked wells in Logan I and in Lincoln County along with their decline parameters were determined through information provided by Alpha. The Logan I wells produced from the upper and lower Miss Lime. Decline curve analysis was performed on the PDNP wells using PhDwin software and curve fitting algorithms. Average recoverable reserves are estimated to be on average 1,590 barrels of oil and about 3,122 MCF per PDNP well, with an initial production of about one and a half barrels of oil per day . Based on information from Alpha, LGT assumed a remaining lifetime of both restarted and reworked wells to be, on average, four and a half (4.5) years, afterward they will become uneconomic. Two of the wells in Lincoln County scheduled for rework may not be economic and are labeled as such in this report. 

Table II: PDNP Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1-Jan-2023. 

Date: 03/30/2023 2:09:44PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Case: 
			 Coral 11-14 - 3508323796 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Shut-In 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 
			 
			 Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.33 

0.65 

0.26 

0.53 

90.57 

6.34 

23.99 

3.36 

0.00 

2024 

0.47 

0.94 

0.38 

0.76 

90.57 

6.34 

34.44 

4.85 

0.00 

2025 

0.32 

0.65 

0.26 

0.52 

90.57 

6.34 

23.77 

3.32 

0.00 

2026 

0.24 

0.47 

0.19 

0.38 

90.57 

6.34 

17.29 

2.42 

0.00 

2027 

0.18 

0.36 

0.15 

0.29 

90.57 

6.34 

13.17 

1.85 

0.00 

2028 

0.14 

0.28 

0.11 

0.23 

90.57 

6.34 

10.38 

1.45 

0.00 

2029 

0.04 

0.08 

0.03 

0.07 

90.57 

6.34 

2.94 

0.42 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.71 

3.43 

1.39 

2.78 

90.57 

6.34 

125.98 

17.66 

0.00 

Ult 

1.71 

3.43 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Year 
			 
			 Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

1.24 

0.24 

12.00 

0.00 

3.00 

0.00 

0.00 

10.86 

9.98 

2024 

1.00 

2.79 

0.55 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

26.95 

33.64 

2025 

1.00 

1.92 

0.38 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

15.79 

46.24 

2026 

1.00 

1.40 

0.28 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

9.04 

52.80 

2027 

1.00 

1.07 

0.21 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

4.74 

55.93 

2028 

1.00 

0.84 

0.17 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

1.82 

57.03 

2029 

1.00 

0.24 

0.05 

0.00 

0.00 

2.93 

0.00 

0.00 

0.15 

57.11 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

9.50 

1.87 

12.00 

0.00 

50.93 

0.00 

0.00 

69.35 

57.11 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 4/30/2029 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 1.00000000 
			 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

55.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 

0.81250000 

PW 

5.00 : 

6270 

Abandonment: 

10.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

11.54 

PW 

8.00 : 

59.23 

Initial Decline : 

38.93 

year 

b = 0.504 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

5.95 /6.78 

PW 

10.00 : 

57.11 

Beg Ratio: 

2.000 

Years to Payout: 

0.63 

PW 

12.00 : 

55.13 

End Ratio: 

2.000 

Internal ROR ): 

>1000 

PW 

15.00 : 

5237 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 03/30/2023 2:09:44PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Case: 
			 Coral 2-28 And Coral 2-20 - 3508323868 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Shut-In 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.82 
			 
			 Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 5.34 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.20 

2.53 

0.15 

1.97 

90.57 

6.34 

13.85 

12.48 

0.00 

2024 

0.15 

0.92 

0.11 

0.71 

90.57 

6.34 

10.41 

4.51 

0.00 

2025 

0.02 

0.08 

0.02 

0.06 

90.57 

6.34 

1.41 

0.37 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

0.37 

3.53 

0.28 

2.74 

90.57 

6.34 

25.66 

17.36 

0.00 

Ult 

1.19 

8.87 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Year 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

1.87 

0.37 

0.00 

0.00 

8.21 

0.00 

0.00 

15.89 

15.33 

2024 

1.00 

1.06 

0.21 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

4.70 

19.50 

2025 

1.00 

0.13 

0.02 

0.00 

0.00 

1.43 

0.00 

0.00 

0.19 

19.66 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

3.05 

0.60 

0.00 

0.00 

18.59 

0.00 

0.00 

20.78 

19.66 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 

2/28/2025 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.99479170 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

21.00 

bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.77633680 

PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 20.19 

Abandonment: 

10.00 

bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 
			 0.00 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 19.86 

Initial Decline : 

34.10 

year b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.00 I 0.00 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 19.66 

Beg Ratio: 

17.143 

Years to Payout: 
			 
			 0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 19.45 

End Ratio: 

3.600 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 0.00 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 19.17 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 18.72 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 03/30/2023 2:09:44PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Case: 
			 Coral 11-1 - 3508323904 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Shut-In 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.08 
			 
			 Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.15 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.71 

1.42 

0.56 

1.11 

90.57 

6.34 

50.52 

7.07 

0.00 

2024 

0.47 

0.94 

0.37 

0.74 

90.57 

6.34 

33.23 

4.68 

0.00 

2025 

0.32 

0.65 

0.25 

0.51 

90.57 

6.34 

22.94 

3.21 

0.00 

2026 

0.24 

0.47 

0.18 

0.37 

90.57 

6.34 

16.69 

2.33 

0.00 

2027 

0.18 

0.36 

0.14 

0.28 

90.57 

6.34 

12.71 

1.78 

0.00 

2028 

0.14 

0.28 

0.11 

0.22 

90.57 

6.34 

10.01 

1.40 

0.00 

2029 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

2.06 

4.12 

1.61 

3.23 

90.57 

6.34 

146.10 

20.48 

0.00 

Ult 

2.13 

4.27 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

4.09 

0.81 

12.00 

0.00 

8.25 

0.00 

0.00 

32.45 

31.16 

2024 

1.00 

2.69 

0.53 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

25.69 

53.72 

2025 

1.00 

1.86 

0.37 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

14.92 

65.62 

2026 

1.00 

1.35 

0.27 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

8.40 

71.72 

2027 

1.00 

1.03 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

4.26 

74.54 

2028 

1.00 

0.81 

0.16 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

1.44 

75.41 

2029 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

75.41 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

7.37 

1.45 

7.41 

0.00 

24.95 

0.00 

0.00 

62.69 

54.34 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 12/31/2028 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 1.00000000 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

21.00 

bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.78401800 

PW 

5.00 : 

Abandonment: 

10.00 

bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 11.54 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 77.46 

Initial Decline : 

34.10 

year b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 7.54 / 8.26 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 75.41 

Beg Ratio: 

17.143 

Years to Payout: 
			 0.23 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 73.49 

End Ratio: 

3.600 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 70.81 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 66.83 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 03/30/2023 2:09:44PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Case: 
			 Coral 11-5 - 3508323904 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Shut-In 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.08 
			 
			 Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.15 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.67 

1.34 

0.35 

0.71 

90.57 

6.34 

31.96 

4.47 

0.00 

2024 

0.52 

1.05 

0.27 

0.55 

90.57 

6.34 

24.82 

3.48 

0.00 

2025 

0.35 

0.71 

0.18 

0.37 

90.57 

6.34 

16.69 

2.35 

0.00 

2026 

0.25 

0.51 

0.13 

0.27 

90.57 

6.34 

12.03 

1.68 

0.00 

2027 

0.12 

0.23 

0.06 

0.12 

90.57 

6.34 

5.61 

0.78 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.92 

3.83 

1.01 

2.01 

90.57 

6.34 

91.11 

12.77 

0.00 

Ult 

1.99 

3.99 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

2.59 

0.51 

7.41 

0.00 

5.09 

0.00 

0.00 

20.84 

20.16 

2024 

1.00 

2.01 

0.40 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

20.34 

38.02 

2025 

1.00 

1.35 

0.27 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

11.86 

47.48 

2026 

1.00 

0.97 

0.19 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

6.99 

52.55 

2027 

1.00 

0.45 

0.09 

0.00 

0.00 

3.19 

0.00 

0.00 

2.66 

54.34 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

7.37 

1.45 

7.41 

0.00 

24.95 

0.00 

0.00 

62.69 

54.34 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 7/31/2027 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.61727280 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

73.19 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.52497160 

PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 58.18 

Abandonment: 

16.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 6.95 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 55.80 

Initial Decline : 

39.64 
			 
			 year b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 8.81 /9.46 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 54.34 

Beg Ratio: 

2.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 0.21 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 5296 

End Ratio: 

3.600 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 51.03 

1.938 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 48.17 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 03/30/2023 2:09:44PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Case: 
			 Coral 11-15 - 3508323806 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Shut-In 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 
			 
			 Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.58 

1.16 

0.31 

0.61 

90.57 

6.34 

27.63 

3.87 

0.00 

2024 

0.52 

1.05 

0.27 

0.55 

90.57 

6.34 

24.82 

3.48 

0.00 

2025 

0.35 

0.71 

0.18 

0.37 

90.57 

6.34 

16.69 

2.35 

0.00 

2026 

0.25 

0.51 

0.13 

0.27 

90.57 

6.34 

12.03 

1.68 

0.00 

2027 

0.12 

0.23 

0.06 

0.12 

90.57 

6.34 

5.61 

0.78 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.83 

3.65 

0.96 

1.92 

90.57 

6.34 

86.77 

12.16 

0.00 

Ult 

1.83 

3.65 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Year 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

2.24 

0.44 

7.41 

0.00 

4.17 

0.00 

0.00 

17.24 

16.53 

2024 

1.00 

2.01 

0.40 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

20.34 

34.38 

2025 

1.00 

1.35 

0.27 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

11.86 

43.84 

2026 

1.00 

0.97 

0.19 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

6.99 

48.92 

2027 

1.00 

0.45 

0.09 

0.00 

0.00 

3.19 

0.00 

0.00 

2.66 

50.70 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

7.02 

1.39 

7.41 

0.00 

24.02 

0.00 

0.00 

59.09 

50.70 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 7/31/2027 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.61727280 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

76.66 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.52491600 

PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 54.56 

Abandonment: 

16.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 6.95 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 5217 

Initial Decline : 

40.30 
			 
			 year b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 8.29 I 8.98 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 50.70 

Beg Ratio: 

2.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 0.36 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 49.31 

End Ratio: 

1.938 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 47.38 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 44.50 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 03/30/2023 2:09:44PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Case: 
			 Coral 11-25 - 3508323891 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Shut-In 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 
			 
			 Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.58 

1.16 

0.32 

0.65 

90.57 

6.34 

29.32 

4.10 

0.00 

2024 

0.52 

1.05 

0.29 

0.58 

90.57 

6.34 

26.33 

3.70 

0.00 

2025 

0.35 

0.71 

0.20 

0.39 

90.57 

6.34 

17.70 

2.49 

0.00 

2026 

0.25 

0.51 

0.14 

0.28 

90.57 

6.34 

12.76 

1.78 

0.00 

2027 

0.18 

0.35 

0.10 

0.20 

90.57 

6.34 

8.93 

1.25 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.88 

3.77 

1.05 

2.10 

90.57 

6.34 

95.05 

13.32 

0.00 

Ult 

1.88 

3.77 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

2.37 

0.47 

8.38 

0.00 

4.19 

0.00 

0.00 

18.01 

17.12 

2024 

1.00 

2.13 

0.42 

0.00 

0.00 

6.29 

0.00 

0.00 

21.19 

35.73 

2025 

1.00 

1.43 

0.28 

0.00 

0.00 

6.29 

0.00 

0.00 

12.19 

45.45 

2026 

1.00 

1.03 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

6.29 

0.00 

0.00 

7.02 

50.55 

2027 

1.00 

0.72 

0.14 

0.00 

0.00 

5.76 

0.00 

0.00 

3.55 

52.90 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

7.69 

1.52 

8.38 

0.00 

28.81 

0.00 

0.00 

61.96 

52.90 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 11/30/2027 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.69848690 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

76.70 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.55691270 

PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 57.07 

Abandonment: 

14.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 7.87 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 54.49 

Initial Decline : 

40.30 
			 
			 year b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 7.72 /8.39 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 5290 

Beg Ratio: 

2.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 0.46 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 51.41 

End Ratio: 

2.071 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 49.33 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 46.23 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Table III: Proven Behind-Pipe Project Information date 1-Jan-2023. 

BASIC PROJECT INFORMATION 

Description 

Units 

Value 

Evaluation date 

Jan 2023 

Prepared by 

Dr. Robert Miles 

Interest owner 

Alpha Energy Inc. 

Well /or Lease name 

Various leased areas 

Field /or Reservoir name 

Lawrie West 

County 

Logan 

State 

OK 

Operator name 

Alpha Energy Texas Operating LLC 

Project name 

Logan I 

Reserve category 

Proven 

Effective month year 

Jan 2023 

Selected discount rate 

10 

ECONOMIC AND INVESTMENT DATA 

Net Revenue Interest (avg) 

83.0 

Total acreage 

acres 

1380 

PRICING DATA 

Oil price 

/Bbl. 

90.57 

Oil price Esc and start date 

0 

Gas price 

/MCF 

6.344 

Gas price Esc and start date 

0 

The expected production from the nine (9) behind-pipe wells along with their decline parameters were determined through information provided by Alpha. Decline curve analysis was performed on the PDNP wells using PhDwin software and curve fitting algorithms. Recoverable reserves came from the Carmichael, Redfork, Cleveland, Hunton, Viola, and the lower Miss Lime. The Redfork and the Miss Lime were estimated to produce EURs of 33,000 and 34,000 bo, respectively. The Carmichael is projected to produce about 450,000 MCF of gas but little oil. The EURs from the Viola were estimated, based on information from Alpha, to be 12,000 bo and 42,750 MCF gas. Based on information from Alpha, LGT assumed a remaining lifetime of both restarted and reworked wells to be ten (10) years. 

Table IV: Proven Behind-Pipe Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1-Jan-2023. 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-34 Carmichael - 3508323882 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 LAWRIE WEST 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Carmichael 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.56 

39.03 

0.45 

31.72 

90.57 

6.34 

41.06 

201.20 

0.00 

2024 

1.18 

82.73 

0.96 

67.21 

90.57 

6.34 

86.91 

426.41 

0.00 

2025 

0.75 

52.87 

0.61 

42.95 

90.57 

6.34 

55.49 

272.50 

0.00 

2026 

0.52 

36.70 

0.43 

29.82 

90.57 

6.34 

38.56 

189.18 

0.00 

2027 

0.39 

26.97 

0.31 

21.91 

90.57 

6.34 

28.41 

139.02 

0.00 

2028 

0.30 

20.65 

0.24 

16.78 

90.57 

6.34 

21.71 

106.46 

0.00 

2029 

0.23 

16.33 

0.19 

13.26 

90.57 

6.34 

17.22 

84.15 

0.00 

2030 

0.19 

13.23 

0.15 

10.75 

90.57 

6.34 

13.91 

68.18 

0.00 

2031 

0.16 

10.93 

0.13 

8.88 

90.57 

6.34 

11.48 

56.36 

0.00 

2032 

0.13 

9.19 

0.11 

7.47 

90.57 

6.34 

9.64 

47.38 

0.00 

2033 

0.09 

5.99 

0.07 

4.86 

90.57 

6.34 

6.25 

30.86 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

4.49 

314.62 

3.65 

255.63 

90.57 

6.34 

330.63 

1,621.69 

0.00 

Ult 

4.49 

314.62 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

Year 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

17.20 

3.39 

90.00 

0.00 

3.00 

0.00 

0.00 

128.68 

118.59 

2024 

1.00 

36.43 

7.19 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

460.69 

522.92 

2025 

1.00 

23.28 

4.59 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

291.12 

755.02 

2026 

1.00 

16.16 

3.19 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

199.39 

899.48 

2027 

1.00 

11.88 

2.34 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

144.19 

994.42 

2028 

1.00 

9.10 

1.79 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

108.27 

1,059.21 

2029 

1.00 

7.20 

1.42 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

83.76 

1,104.76 

2030 

1.00 

5.83 

1.15 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

66.11 

1,137.44 

2031 

1.00 

4.82 

0.95 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

53.07 

1,161.29 

2032 

1.00 

4.05 

0.80 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

43.17 

1,178.93 

2033 

1.00 

2.63 

0.52 

0.00 

0.00 

6.66 

0.00 

0.00 

27.30 

1,189.18 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

138.57 

27.33 

90.00 

0.00 

90.66 

0.00 

0.00 

1,605.76 

1,189.18 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 9/30/2033 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 1.00000000 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.81250000 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 5.00 : 
			 
			 1,368.68 

Abandonment: 

9.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 85.16 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 8.00 : 
			 
			 1,255.39 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 
			 
			 year b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 14.96 / 18.84 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 10.00 : 
			 
			 1,189.18 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 0.71 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 12.00 : 
			 
			 1,129.26 

End Ratio: 

70.222 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 15.00 : 
			 
			 1,049.44 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 938.03 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 2-19 Hunton - 3508323812 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Hunton 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

2.12 

2.12 

1.64 

1.64 

90.57 

6.34 

148.18 

10.38 

0.00 

2024 

4.49 

4.49 

3.47 

3.47 

90.57 

6.34 

314.05 

22.00 

0.00 

2025 

2.87 

2.87 

2.22 

2.22 

90.57 

6.34 

200.77 

14.06 

0.00 

2026 

1.99 

1.99 

1.54 

1.54 

90.57 

6.34 

139.23 

9.75 

0.00 

2027 

1.46 

1.46 

1.13 

1.13 

90.57 

6.34 

102.38 

7.17 

0.00 

2028 

1.12 

1.12 

0.86 

0.86 

90.57 

6.34 

78.32 

5.49 

0.00 

2029 

0.89 

0.89 

0.68 

0.68 

90.57 

6.34 

62.03 

4.34 

0.00 

2030 

0.72 

0.72 

0.55 

0.55 

90.57 

6.34 

50.07 

3.51 

0.00 

2031 

0.60 

0.60 

0.46 

0.46 

90.57 

6.34 

41.61 

2.91 

0.00 

2032 

0.50 

0.50 

0.39 

0.39 

90.57 

6.34 

34.96 

2.45 

0.00 

2033 

0.33 

0.33 

0.25 

0.25 

90.57 

6.34 

22.80 

1.60 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

17.08 

17.08 

13.19 

13.19 

90.57 

6.34 

1,194.40 

83.66 

0.00 

Ult 

17.08 

17.08 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

Year 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

11.26 

2.22 

89.06 

0.00 

2.97 

0.00 

0.00 

53.05 

48.15 

2024 

1.00 

23.86 

4.70 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

298.58 

310.21 

2025 

1.00 

15.25 

3.01 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

187.67 

459.84 

2026 

1.00 

10.58 

2.09 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

127.41 

552.15 

2027 

1.00 

7.78 

1.53 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

91.33 

612.29 

2028 

1.00 

5.95 

1.17 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

67.78 

652.85 

2029 

1.00 

4.71 

0.93 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

51.82 

681.04 

2030 

1.00 

3.80 

0.75 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

40.12 

700.87 

2031 

1.00 

3.16 

0.62 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

31.83 

715.18 

2032 

1.00 

2.66 

0.52 

0.00 

0.00 

8.91 

0.00 

0.00 

25.33 

725.53 

2033 

1.00 

1.73 

0.34 

0.00 

0.00 

6.59 

0.00 

0.00 

15.73 

731.44 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

90.73 

17.89 

89.06 

0.00 

89.71 

0.00 

0.00 

990.66 

731.44 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 9/30/2033 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.98958330 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.77210510 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 5.00 : 
			 
			 843.32 

Abandonment: 

34.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 84.27 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 8.00 : 
			 
			 77274 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 
			 
			 year b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 9.68 I 12.12 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 10.00 : 
			 
			 731.44 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 0.78 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 12.00 : 
			 
			 694.02 

End Ratio: 

1.000 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 15.00 : 
			 
			 644.13 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 574.40 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-16 Viola- 3508323831 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Viola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.96 

2.70 

0.54 

1.50 

90.57 

6.34 

48.62 

9.54 

0.00 

2024 

1.60 

5.42 

0.89 

3.02 

90.57 

6.34 

80.84 

19.16 

0.00 

2025 

1.02 

3.44 

0.57 

1.91 

90.57 

6.34 

51.19 

12.14 

0.00 

2026 

0.70 

2.37 

0.39 

1.32 

90.57 

6.34 

35.35 

8.38 

0.00 

2027 

0.51 

1.74 

0.29 

0.97 

90.57 

6.34 

25.82 

6.14 

0.00 

2028 

0.39 

1.33 

0.22 

0.74 

90.57 

6.34 

19.82 

4.68 

0.00 

2029 

0.31 

1.05 

0.17 

0.58 

90.57 

6.34 

15.58 

3.69 

0.00 

2030 

0.25 

0.85 

0.14 

0.47 

90.57 

6.34 

12.61 

2.98 

0.00 

2031 

0.21 

0.70 

0.12 

0.39 

90.57 

6.34 

10.44 

2.46 

0.00 

2032 

0.16 

0.54 

0.09 

0.30 

90.57 

6.34 

8.07 

1.91 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

6.11 

20.12 

3.40 

11.20 

90.57 

6.34 

308.34 

71.08 

0.00 

Ult 

6.11 

20.12 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Year 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1 

4.13 

0.81 

62.86 

0 

4.71 

0 

0 

-14.36 

-13.38 

2024 

1 

7.1 

1.4 

0 

0 

6.29 

0 

0 

85.21 

61.43 

2025 

1 

4.5 

0.89 

0 

0 

6.29 

0 

0 

51.66 

102.63 

2026 

1 

3.1 

0.61 

0 

0 

6.29 

0 

0 

33.73 

127.08 

2027 

1 

2.27 

0.45 

0 

0 

6.29 

0 

0 

22.96 

142.2 

2028 

1 

1.74 

0.34 

0 

0 

6.29 

0 

0 

16.13 

151.86 

2029 

1 

1.37 

0.27 

0 

0 

6.29 

0 

0 

11.35 

158.04 

2030 

1 

1.11 

0.22 

0 

0 

6.29 

0 

0 

7.98 

161.99 

2031 

1 

0.92 

0.18 

0 

0 

6.29 

0 

0 

5.52 

164.47 

2032 

1 

0.71 

0.14 

0 

0 

5.76 

0 

0 

3.37 

165.85 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

26.94 

5.31 

62.86 

0.00 

60.77 

0.00 

0.00 

223.54 

165.85 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 11/30/2032 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.69848690 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

76.66 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.55681270 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 5.00 : 
			 
			 191.09 

Abandonment: 

34.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 59.02 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 8.00 : 
			 
			 175.23 

Initial Decline : 

14.00 
			 
			 year b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 3.81 / 4.56 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 10.00 : 
			 
			 165.85 

Beg Ratio: 

2.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 1.05 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 12.00 : 
			 
			 157.29 

End Ratio: 

3.286 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 15.00 : 
			 
			 145.79 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 129.54 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-15 Viola- 3508323806 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Viola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.71 

6.29 

0.9 

3.3 

90.57 

6.34 

81.45 

20.94 

0 

2024 

4.93 

18.1 

2.59 

9.5 

90.57 

6.34 

234.45 

60.28 

0 

2025 

3.12 

11.47 

1.64 

6.02 

90.57 

6.34 

148.54 

38.19 

0 

2026 

2.16 

7.91 

1.13 

4.15 

90.57 

6.34 

102.51 

26.36 

0 

2027 

1.58 

5.79 

0.83 

3.04 

90.57 

6.34 

75.03 

19.29 

0 

2028 

1.2 

4.42 

0.63 

2.32 

90.57 

6.34 

57.25 

14.73 

0 

2029 

0.95 

3.49 

0.5 

1.83 

90.57 

6.34 

45.17 

11.62 

0 

2030 

0.77 

2.82 

0.4 

1.48 

90.57 

6.34 

36.47 

9.4 

0 

2031 

0.64 

2.33 

0.33 

1.22 

90.57 

6.34 

30.19 

7.75 

0 

2032 

0.53 

1.95 

0.28 

1.03 

90.57 

6.34 

25.34 

6.51 

0 

2033 

0.38 

1.4 

0.2 

0.74 

90.57 

6.34 

18.16 

4.68 

0 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

17.97 

65.98 

9.44 

34.64 

90.57 

6.34 

854.56 

219.73 

0.00 

Ult 

17.97 

65.98 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Year 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

7.27 

1.43 

55.55 

0.00 

1.39 

0.00 

0.00 

36.74 

33.48 

2024 

1.00 

20.92 

4.13 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

264.13 

265.31 

2025 

1.00 

13.26 

2.61 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

165.30 

397.11 

2026 

1.00 

9.15 

1.80 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

112.36 

478.51 

2027 

1.00 

6.70 

1.32 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

80.75 

531.68 

1.00 

5.11 

1.01 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

60.30 

567.77 

2028 

1.00 

4.03 

0.80 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

46.41 

593.01 

2029 

1.00 

3.26 

0.64 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

36.41 

611.01 

2030 

1.00 

2.69 

0.53 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

29.16 

624.11 

2031 

1.00 

2.26 

0.45 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

23.59 

633.75 

2032 

1.00 

1.62 

0.32 

0.00 

0.00 

4.57 

0.00 

0.00 

16.33 

639.86 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

76.26 

15.04 

55.55 

0.00 

55.96 

0.00 

0.00 

871.47 

639.86 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 10/31/2033 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.61727280 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.52497160 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 5.00 : 
			 
			 739.59 

Abandonment: 

36.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 52.15 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 8.00 : 
			 
			 676.63 

Initial Decline : 

14.00 
			 
			 year b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 13.27 / 16.69 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 10.00 : 
			 
			 639.86 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 0.81 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 12.00 : 
			 
			 606.59 

End Ratio: 

3.667 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 15.00 : 
			 
			 56231 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 500.57 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-5 Viola - 3508323726 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Viola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.91 

3.31 

0.48 

1.74 

90.57 

6.34 

43.12 

11.01 

0 

2024 

3.99 

14.55 

2.1 

7.64 

90.57 

6.34 

189.76 

48.45 

0 

2025 

2.51 

9.13 

1.32 

4.8 

90.57 

6.34 

119.2 

30.42 

0 

2026 

1.72 

6.27 

0.9 

3.29 

90.57 

6.34 

81.73 

20.87 

0 

2027 

1.25 

4.57 

0.66 

2.4 

90.57 

6.34 

59.53 

15.22 

0 

2028 

0.95 

3.48 

0.5 

1.83 

90.57 

6.34 

45.36 

11.58 

0 

2029 

0.75 

2.74 

0.39 

1.44 

90.57 

6.34 

35.66 

9.11 

0 

2030 

0.61 

2.21 

0.32 

1.16 

90.57 

6.34 

28.81 

7.35 

0 

2031 

0.5 

1.82 

0.26 

0.96 

90.57 

6.34 

23.73 

6.06 

0 

2032 

0.42 

1.53 

0.22 

0.8 

90.57 

6.34 

19.97 

5.08 

0 

2033 

0.33 

1.2 

0.17 

0.63 

90.57 

6.34 

15.6 

3.99 

0 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

13.93 

50.79 

7.31 

26.66 

90.57 

6.34 

662.47 

169.14 

0.00 

Ult 

13.93 

50.79 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Year 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

3.84 

0.76 

55.55 

0.00 

0.93 

0.00 

0.00 

-6.95 

-6.82 

2024 

1.00 

16.91 

3.33 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

212.41 

179.63 

2025 

1.00 

10.62 

2.09 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

131.35 

284.37 

2026 

1.00 

7.28 

1.44 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

88.33 

348.37 

2027 

1.00 

5.31 

1.05 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

62.84 

389.75 

2028 

1.00 

4.04 

0.80 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

46.55 

417.60 

2029 

1.00 

3.18 

0.63 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

35.41 

436.86 

2030 

1.00 

2.57 

0.51 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

27.54 

450.47 

2031 

1.00 

2.11 

0.42 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

21.70 

460.23 

2032 

1.00 

1.78 

0.35 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

17.36 

467.32 

2033 

1.00 

1.39 

0.27 

0.00 

0.00 

5.09 

0.00 

0.00 

12.83 

472.11 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

59.04 

11.64 

55.55 

0.00 

56.01 

0.00 

0.00 

649.37 

472.11 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 11/30/2033 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.61727280 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.52497160 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 5.00 : 
			 
			 548.42 

Abandonment: 

28.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 52.15 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 8.00 : 
			 
			 500.24 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 
			 
			 year b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 13.27 / 16.69 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 10.00 : 
			 
			 47211 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 0.81 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 12.00 : 
			 
			 446.66 

End Ratio: 

3.643 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 15.00 : 
			 
			 41280 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 365.63 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-33 Viola - 3508323909 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Viola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.52 

2.40 

0.23 

1.06 

90.57 

6.34 

20.86 

6.73 

0.00 

2024 

2.29 

10.56 

1.01 

4.67 

90.57 

6.34 

91.78 

29.61 

0.00 

2025 

1.44 

6.63 

0.64 

2.93 

90.57 

6.34 

57.62 

18.59 

0.00 

2026 

0.99 

4.55 

0.44 

2.01 

90.57 

6.34 

39.48 

12.76 

0.00 

2027 

0.72 

3.32 

0.32 

1.47 

90.57 

6.34 

28.79 

9.30 

0.00 

2028 

0.55 

2.52 

0.24 

1.12 

90.57 

6.34 

21.90 

7.08 

0.00 

2029 

0.43 

1.98 

0.19 

0.88 

90.57 

6.34 

17.26 

5.56 

0.00 

2030 

0.35 

1.60 

0.15 

0.71 

90.57 

6.34 

13.93 

4.50 

0.00 

2031 

0.29 

1.32 

0.13 

0.58 

90.57 

6.34 

11.49 

3.71 

0.00 

2032 

0.24 

1.11 

0.11 

0.49 

90.57 

6.34 

9.65 

3.10 

0.00 

2033 

0.19 

0.87 

0.08 

0.38 

90.57 

6.34 

7.53 

2.44 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

8.00 

36.86 

3.54 

16.30 

90.57 

6.34 

320.30 

103.38 

0.00 

Ult 

8.00 

36.86 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Year 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1 

1.96 

0.39 

48.97 

0 

0.82 

0 

0 

-24.54 

-23.03 

2024 

1 

8.62 

1.7 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

106.17 

70.18 

2025 

1 

5.41 

1.07 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

64.84 

121.88 

2026 

1 

3.71 

0.73 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

42.91 

152.98 

2027 

1 

2.7 

0.53 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

29.95 

172.7 

2028 

1 

2.06 

0.41 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

21.62 

185.65 

2029 

1 

1.62 

0.32 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

15.99 

194.34 

2030 

1 

1.31 

0.26 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

11.97 

200.26 

2031 

1 

1.08 

0.21 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

9.01 

204.31 

2032 

1 

0.91 

0.18 

0 

0 

4.9 

0 

0 

6.77 

207.08 

2033 

1 

0.71 

0.14 

0 

0 

4.48 

0 

0 

4.64 

208.81 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

30.08 

5.93 

48.97 

0.00 

49.37 

0.00 

0.00 

289.32 

208.81 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 11/30/2033 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.54413800 

Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Revenue Int : 
			 0.44211220 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 5.00 : 
			 
			 243.61 

Abandonment: 

16.00 
			 
			 bbl/month 
			 
			 Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 45.61 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 8.00 : 
			 
			 221.66 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 
			 
			 year b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 5.58 I 6.91 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 10.00 : 
			 
			 208.81 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 
			 1.10 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 12.00 : 
			 
			 197.17 

End Ratio: 

4.625 

Internal ROR ): 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 
			 
			 15.00 : 
			 
			 181.63 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 159.93 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 2-20 Viola - 3508323810 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Viola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.52 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 1.76 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

2.14 

7.22 

1.66 

5.6 

90.57 

6.34 

150.61 

35.55 

0.00 

2024 

1.49 

5.02 

1.16 

3.9 

90.57 

6.34 

104.77 

24.72 

0.00 

2025 

1.02 

3.42 

0.79 

2.66 

90.57 

6.34 

71.37 

16.86 

0.00 

2026 

0.74 

2.49 

0.57 

1.93 

90.57 

6.34 

51.82 

12.25 

0.00 

2027 

0.56 

1.89 

0.43 

1.46 

90.57 

6.34 

39.23 

9.29 

0.00 

2028 

0.44 

1.48 

0.34 

1.15 

90.57 

6.34 

30.94 

7.29 

0.00 

2029 

0.35 

1.19 

0.27 

0.92 

90.57 

6.34 

24.89 

5.87 

0.00 

2030 

0.29 

0.98 

0.23 

0.76 

90.57 

6.34 

20.46 

4.84 

0.00 

2031 

0.24 

0.82 

0.19 

0.64 

90.57 

6.34 

17.16 

4.05 

0.00 

2032 

0.21 

1.11 

0.11 

0.54 

90.57 

6.34 

14.55 

3.44 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

7.48 

25.21 

5.81 

19.57 

90.57 

6.34 

525.80 

124.16 

0.00 

Ult 

8.00 

26.97 

Well 

Net Tax 

Net Tax 

N 

Net 

Net 

Ollie, 

Net 

Annual 

Cum Disc. 

Year 

Count 

Production 

AdValorem 

Investment 

Lease Costs 

Well Costs 

Costs 

Profits 

Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1 

13.22 

2.61 

89.53 

0 

8.21 

0 

0 

72.6 

73.15 

2024 

1 

9.19 

1.81 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

109.53 

169.24 

2025 

1 

6.26 

1.24 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

71.78 

226.45 

2026 

1 

4.55 

0.9 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

49.67 

262.44 

2027 

1 

3.44 

0.68 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

35.45 

285.78 

2028 

1 

2.71 

0.54 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

26.03 

301.36 

2029 

1 

2.18 

0.43 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

19.19 

311.8 

2030 

1 

1.8 

0.35 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

14.19 

318.82 

2031 

1 

1.51 

0.3 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

10.45 

323.52 

2032 

1 

1.28 

0.25 

0 

0 

8.95 

0 

0 

7.51 

326.59 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

46.14 

9.10 

89.53 

0.00 

88.79 

0.00 

0.00 

416.40 

326.59 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 12/31/2032 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 0.99479170 
			 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

242.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 

0.77633680 

PW 

5.00 : 

365.62 

Abandonment: 

16.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

82.72 

PW 

8.00 : 

341.05 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

4.95 I 5.65 

PW 

10.00 : 

326.59 

Beg Ratio: 

3.364 

Years to Payout: 

0.44 

PW 

12.00 : 

313.46 

End Ratio: 

3.375 

Internal ROR ): 

>1000 

PW 

15.00 : 

295.88 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-14 Viola- 3508323796 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 LAWRIE WEST 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 VIOLA 

Co., State : 
			 LOGAN, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.52 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 1.76 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2024 

3.13 

10.95 

2.54 

8.9 

90.57 

6.34 

230.04 

56.45 

0 

2025 

1.93 

6.75 

1.56 

5.48 

90.57 

6.34 

141.66 

34.78 

0 

2026 

1.31 

4.57 

1.06 

3.71 

90.57 

6.34 

96.03 

23.57 

0 

2027 

0.94 

3.3 

0.77 

2.68 

90.57 

6.34 

69.32 

17.03 

0 

2028 

0.71 

2.5 

0.58 

2.03 

90.57 

6.34 

52.54 

12.89 

0 

2029 

0.56 

1.96 

0.46 

1.59 

90.57 

6.34 

41.21 

10.08 

0 

2030 

0.45 

1.57 

0.36 

1.28 

90.57 

6.34 

33.04 

8.1 

0 

2031 

0.37 

1.29 

0.3 

1.05 

90.57 

6.34 

27.08 

6.66 

0 

2032 

0.31 

1.08 

0.25 

0.88 

90.57 

6.34 

22.67 

5.57 

0 

2033 

0.26 

0.92 

0.21 

0.75 

90.57 

6.34 

19.28 

4.73 

0 

2034 

0.02 

0.07 

0.02 

0.06 

90.57 

6.34 

1.47 

0.36 

0 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

9.98 

34.97 

8.11 

28.41 

90.57 

6.34 

734.34 

180.23 

0.00 

Ult 

9.98 

34.97 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

1.00 

20.34 

4.01 

90.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

163.14 

139.77 

2025 

1.00 

12.53 

2.47 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

152.44 

261.35 

2026 

1.00 

8.49 

1.67 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

100.43 

334.14 

2027 

1.00 

6.13 

1.21 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

70.01 

380.25 

2028 

1.00 

4.64 

0.92 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

50.87 

410.69 

2029 

1.00 

3.64 

0.72 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

37.93 

431.33 

2030 

1.00 

2.92 

0.58 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

28.65 

445.50 

2031 

1.00 

2.40 

0.47 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

21.87 

455.33 

2032 

1.00 

2.00 

0.40 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

16.84 

462.21 

2033 

1.00 

1.70 

0.34 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

12.97 

467.03 

2034 

1.00 

0.13 

0.03 

0.00 

0.00 

0.75 

0.00 

0.00 

0.93 

467.35 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

64.92 

12.80 

90.00 

0.00 

90.75 

0.00 

0.00 

656.08 

467.35 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 1/31/2034 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 1.00000000 
			 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 

0.81250000 

PW 

5.00 : 

548.58 

Abandonment: 

20.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

82.49 

PW 

8.00 : 

497.29 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

6.67 I 8.29 

PW 

10.00 : 

467.35 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 

1.21 

PW 

12.00 : 

440.30 

End Ratio: 

3.500 

Internal ROR ): 

>1000 

PW 

15.00 : 

404.33 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: 04/08/2023 8:03:29AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-21 Viola - 3508323817 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 LAWRIE WEST 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Viola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.15 

0.51 

0.12 

0.41 

90.57 

6.34 

10.82 

2.61 

0 

2024 

1.32 

4.55 

1.07 

3.69 

90.57 

6.34 

96.99 

23.44 

0 

2025 

0.82 

2.83 

0.67 

2.3 

90.57 

6.34 

60.34 

14.57 

0 

2026 

0.56 

1.93 

0.46 

1.57 

90.57 

6.34 

41.21 

9.95 

0 

2027 

0.41 

1.4 

0.33 

1.14 

90.57 

6.34 

29.95 

7.22 

0 

2028 

0.31 

1.06 

0.25 

0.86 

90.57 

6.34 

22.67 

5.47 

0 

2029 

0.24 

0.84 

0.2 

0.68 

90.57 

6.34 

17.73 

4.3 

0 

2030 

0.2 

0.67 

0.16 

0.54 

90.57 

6.34 

14.42 

3.45 

0 

2031 

0.16 

0.55 

0.13 

0.45 

90.57 

6.34 

11.77 

2.85 

0 

2032 

0.13 

0.46 

0.11 

0.38 

90.57 

6.34 

9.86 

2.39 

0 

2033 

0.06 

0.2 

0.05 

0.17 

90.57 

6.34 

4.42 

1.05 

0 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

4.35 

15.00 

3.54 

12.19 

90.57 

6.34 

320.18 

77.31 

0.00 

Ult 

4.35 

15.00 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

0.95 

0.19 

90.00 

0.00 

0.75 

0.00 

0.00 

-78.46 

-72.54 

2024 

1.00 

8.55 

1.69 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

101.19 

16.32 

2025 

1.00 

5.32 

1.05 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

59.55 

63.83 

2026 

1.00 

3.63 

0.72 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

37.81 

91.24 

2027 

1.00 

2.64 

0.52 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

25.01 

107.72 

2028 

1.00 

2.00 

0.39 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

16.75 

117.75 

2029 

1.00 

1.56 

0.31 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

11.17 

123.83 

2030 

1.00 

1.27 

0.25 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

7.36 

127.47 

2031 

1.00 

1.04 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

4.38 

129.45 

2032 

1.00 

0.87 

0.17 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2.21 

130.36 

2033 

1.00 

0.39 

0.08 

0.00 

0.00 

4.42 

0.00 

0.00 

0.58 

130.58 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

28.22 

5.56 

90.00 

0.00 

86.17 

0.00 

0.00 

187.54 

130.58 

Major Phase : 

Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 
			 6/30/2033 

Perfs: 

0-0 

Working fut: 
			 
			 1.00000000 
			 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

147.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 

0.81250000 

PW 

5.00 : 

155.47 

Abandonment: 

10.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

83.16 

PW 

8.00 : 

139.82 

Initial Decline : 

46.50 

year 

b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

2.57 I 3.08 

PW 

10.00 : 

130.58 

Beg Ratio: 

3.449 

Years to Payout: 

1.64 

PW 

12.00 : 

12216 

End Ratio: 

3.300 

Internal ROR ): 

171.14 

PW 

15.00 : 

110.87 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

BASIC PROJECT INFORMATION 

Description 

Units 

Value 

Evaluation date 

Jan 2023 

Prepared by 

Dr. Robert Miles 

Interest owner 

Alpha Energy Inc. 

Well /or Lease name 

Various leased areas 

Field /or Reservoir name 

Lawrie West 

County 

Logan 

State 

OK 

Operator name 

Alpha Energy Texas Operating LLC 

Project name 

Logan I 

Reserve category 

Proven 

Effective month year 

Jan 2023 

Selected discount rate 

10 

ECONOMIC AND INVESTMENT DATA 

Net Revenue Interest (avg) 

83.0 

Total acreage 

acres 

1380 

PRICING DATA 

Oil price 

/Bbl. 

90.57 

Oil price Esc and start date 

0 

Gas price 

/MCF 

6.344 

Gas price Esc and start date 

0 

The expected production from the nine (9) active wells along with their decline parameters were determined through information provided by Alpha. Decline curve analysis was performed on the PDP wells using PhDwin software and curve fitting algorithms. Recoverable reserves came from the upper and lower Miss Lime. Coral 22-11 produced from both the Miss Lime and the Viola. OOIP and recovery estimates were made for each well to determine the recovery factor and determine remaining reserves to recover. Estimated EURs for each well were adjusted based on generally 6 9-month initial production data. Further corrections may occur was more production data becomes available. Based on information from Alpha, three of these wells should have an economic production for three years or more. The remaining lifetime of the nine reworked wells range is 0-2 years. 

Table VI: PDP Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1-Jan-2023. 

Date: : 03/30/2023 2:08:45PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-18 - 3508323799 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Producing 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.87 

0.00 

0.71 

0.00 

90.57 

0.00 

64.32 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

0.55 

0.00 

0.44 

0.00 

90.57 

0.00 

40.18 

0.00 

0.00 

2025 

0.31 

0.00 

0.25 

0.00 

90.57 

0.00 

23.03 

0.00 

0.00 

2026 

0.19 

0.00 

0.15 

0.00 

90.57 

0.00 

13.69 

0.00 

0.00 

2027 

0.02 

0.00 

0.02 

0.00 

90.57 

0.00 

1.69 

0.00 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.94 

0.00 

1.58 

0.00 

90.57 

0.00 

142.91 

0.00 

0.00 

Ult 

1.94 

0.00 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

4.04 

0.80 

0.00 

0.00 

7.50 

0.00 

0.00 

51.98 

50.07 

2024 

1.00 

2.85 

0.56 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

27.76 

74.48 

2025 

1.00 

1.64 

0.32 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

12.08 

84.15 

2026 

1.00 

0.97 

0.19 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

3.52 

86.73 

2027 

1.00 

0.12 

0.02 

0.00 

0.00 

1.44 

0.00 

0.00 

0.11 

86.81 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

9.62 

1.90 

0.00 

0.00 

35.94 

0.00 

0.00 

95.45 

86.81 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 
			 
			 Abandonment Date : 
			 2/28/2027 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 
			 
			 Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

96.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 

0.81250000 

PW 

5.00 : 

90.85 

Abandonment: 

11.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

0.00 

PW 

8.00 : 

88.37 

Initial Decline : 

45.91 

year b = 0.100 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.00 / 0.00 

PW 

10.00 : 

86.81 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 

0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 

85.32 

End Ratio: 

0.000 

Internal ROR ): 

0.00 

PW 

15.00 : 

83.22 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 03/30/2023 2:08:45PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 21-11 - 3508323867 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Producing 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss Niola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.49 

0.84 

0.40 

0.69 

90.57 

6.34 

35.84 

4.35 

0.00 

2024 

0.37 

0.31 

0.30 

0.25 

90.57 

6.34 

26.93 

1.58 

0.00 

2025 

0.25 

0.10 

0.20 

0.08 

90.57 

6.34 

18.40 

0.52 

0.00 

2026 

0.17 

0.03 

0.14 

0.03 

90.57 

6.34 

12.73 

0.18 

0.00 

2027 

0.02 

0.00 

0.02 

0.00 

90.57 

6.34 

1.77 

0.02 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.30 

1.29 

1.06 

1.05 

90.57 

6.34 

95.66 

6.63 

0.00 

Ult 

1.30 

1.29 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

2.24 

0.44 

0.00 

0.00 

6.75 

0.00 

0.00 

30.76 

29.65 

2024 

1.00 

2.02 

0.40 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

17.09 

44.67 

2025 

1.00 

1.34 

0.26 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

8.31 

51.31 

2026 

1.00 

0.92 

0.18 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2.81 

53.37 

2027 

1.00 

0.13 

0.02 

0.00 

0.00 

1.44 

0.00 

0.00 

0.19 

53.50 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

6.65 

1.31 

0.00 

0.00 

35.19 

0.00 

0.00 

59.15 

53.50 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 2/28/2027 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

49.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 

0.81250000 

PW 

5.00 : 

56.14 

Abandonment: 

12.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

0.00 

PW 

8.00 : 

54.51 

Initial Decline : 

33.25 

year 

b = 0.096 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.00 I 0.00 

PW 

10.00 : 

53.50 

Beg Ratio: 

2.000 

Years to Payout: 

0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 

5253 

End Ratio: 

0.083 

Internal ROR ): 

0.00 

PW 

15.00 : 

51.17 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 03/30/2023 2:08:45PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 2-9 And Coral 2-24 - 3508323713 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Producing 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss Niola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 3.92 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.40 

9.50 

0.31 

7.42 

90.57 

6.34 

28.34 

47.05 

0.00 

2024 

0.37 

3.44 

0.29 

2.68 

90.57 

6.34 

25.87 

17.01 

0.00 

2025 

0.25 

1.12 

0.20 

0.88 

90.57 

6.34 

17.67 

5.56 

0.00 

2026 

0.17 

0.38 

0.14 

0.30 

90.57 

6.34 

12.23 

1.89 

0.00 

2027 

0.06 

0.07 

0.04 

0.06 

90.57 

6.34 

4.03 

0.36 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.25 

14.52 

0.97 

11.33 

90.57 

6.34 

88.14 

71.87 

0.00 

Ult 

1.33 

18.44 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

5.35 

1.06 

0.00 

0.00 

8.25 

0.00 

0.00 

60.74 

58.39 

2024 

1.00 

3.04 

0.60 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

30.24 

85.00 

2025 

1.00 

1.65 

0.33 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

12.26 

94.81 

2026 

1.00 

1.00 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

3.91 

97.67 

2027 

1.00 

0.31 

0.06 

0.00 

0.00 

3.68 

0.00 

0.00 

0.34 

97.90 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

11.36 

2.24 

0.00 

0.00 

38.93 

0.00 

0.00 

107.48 

97.90 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 5/31/2027 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

8.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.78040180 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 10239 

Abandonment: 

11.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

0.00 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 99.63 

Initial Decline : 

31.05 

year 

b = 0.231 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.00 I 0.00 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 97.90 

Beg Ratio: 

168.750 

Years to Payout: 

0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 96.26 

End Ratio: 

1.091 

Internal ROR ): 

0.00 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 93.93 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 03/30/2023 2:08:45PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-23 - 3508323835 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Producing 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss Niola 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.19 

2.22 

0.15 

1.80 

90.57 

6.34 

13.69 

11.44 

0.00 

2024 

0.14 

0.80 

0.11 

0.65 

90.57 

6.34 

10.30 

4.12 

0.00 

2025 

0.02 

0.07 

0.01 

0.05 

90.57 

6.34 

1.32 

0.34 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

0.34 

3.08 

0.28 

2.51 

90.57 

6.34 

25.31 

15.90 

0.00 

Ult 

0.34 

3.08 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

1.36 

0.27 

0.00 

0.00 

6.75 

0.00 

0.00 

16.75 

16.22 

2024 

1.00 

1.02 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

4.20 

19.95 

2025 

1.00 

0.12 

0.02 

0.00 

0.00 

1.44 

0.00 

0.00 

0.08 

20.01 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

2.50 

0.49 

0.00 

0.00 

17.19 

0.00 

0.00 

21.03 

20.01 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 2/28/2025 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

19.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.81250000 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 20.49 

Abandonment: 

9.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

0.00 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 20.20 

Initial Decline : 

33.26 

year 

b = 0.124 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.00 I 0.00 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 20.01 

Beg Ratio: 

13.579 

Years to Payout: 

0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 19.83 

End Ratio: 

3.444 

Internal ROR ): 

0.00 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 19.57 

Date: : 03/30/2023 2:08:45PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-32 - 3508323904 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Producing 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MMd) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

2.80 

0.00 

2.28 

0.00 

6.34 

0.00 

14.43 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

0.00 

2.80 

0.00 

2.28 

0.00 

6.34 

0.00 

14.43 

0.00 

Ult 

0.00 

2.80 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

1.02 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

7.50 

0.00 

0.00 

5.71 

5.57 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.02 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

7.50 

0.00 

0.00 

5.71 

5.57 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 11/30/2023 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.81250000 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 5.64 

Abandonment: 

0.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

0.00 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 5.59 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.00 I 0.00 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 5.57 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 

0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 5.54 

End Ratio: 

0.000 

Internal ROR ): 

0.00 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 5.51 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 03/30/2023 2:08:45PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 River 1-1 - 3508323886 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Producing 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.82 

1.77 

0.64 

1.38 

90.57 

6.34 

57.79 

8.76 

0.00 

2024 

0.60 

1.29 

0.47 

1.01 

90.57 

6.34 

42.17 

6.40 

0.00 

2025 

0.42 

0.91 

0.33 

0.71 

90.57 

6.34 

29.67 

4.52 

0.00 

2026 

0.31 

0.68 

0.24 

0.53 

90.57 

6.34 

22.18 

3.36 

0.00 

2027 

0.24 

0.53 

0.19 

0.41 

90.57 

6.34 

17.03 

2.60 

0.00 

2028 

0.19 

0.42 

0.15 

0.33 

90.57 

6.34 

13.63 

2.06 

0.00 

2029 

0.16 

0.34 

0.12 

0.26 

90.57 

6.34 

11.09 

1.68 

0.00 

2030 

0.10 

0.22 

0.08 

0.17 

90.57 

6.34 

7.06 

1.07 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

2.84 

6.16 

2.22 

4.80 

90.57 

6.34 

200.63 

30.46 

0.00 

Ult 

2.84 

6.16 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

4.72 

0.93 

0.00 

0.00 

8.25 

0.00 

0.00 

52.64 

50.61 

2024 

1.00 

3.45 

0.68 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

35.45 

81.71 

2025 

1.00 

2.43 

0.48 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

22.29 

99.48 

2026 

1.00 

1.81 

0.36 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

14.37 

109.91 

2027 

1.00 

1.39 

0.27 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

8.96 

115.81 

2028 

1.00 

1.11 

0.22 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

5.36 

119.03 

2029 

1.00 

0.91 

0.18 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2.68 

120.49 

2030 

1.00 

0.58 

0.11 

0.00 

0.00 

6.66 

0.00 

0.00 

0.78 

120.89 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

16.41 

3.24 

0.00 

0.00 

68.91 

0.00 

0.00 

142.54 

120.89 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 9/30/2023 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

90.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.78000000 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 130.66 

Abandonment: 

10.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

0.00 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 124.58 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.00 I 0.00 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 120.89 

Beg Ratio: 

2.167 

Years to Payout: 

0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 117.45 

End Ratio: 

2.300 

Internal ROR ): 

0.00 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 11273 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 03/30/2023 2:08:45PM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 1-31 - 3508323973 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Proved Producing 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.25 

0.68 

0.19 

0.53 

90.57 

6.34 

17.31 

3.37 

0.00 

2024 

0.18 

0.50 

0.14 

0.39 

90.57 

6.34 

12.79 

2.46 

0.00 

2025 

0.11 

0.30 

0.09 

0.23 

90.57 

6.34 

7.70 

1.48 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

0.54 

1.48 

0.42 

1.15 

90.57 

6.34 

37.79 

7.32 

0.00 

Ult 

0.54 

1.48 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M l) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

1.47 

0.29 

0.00 

0.00 

8.25 

0.00 

0.00 

10.67 

10.28 

2024 

1.00 

1.08 

0.21 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

4.95 

14.65 

2025 

1.00 

0.65 

0.13 

0.00 

0.00 

7.41 

0.00 

0.00 

1.00 

15.46 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

3.20 

0.63 

0.00 

0.00 

24.66 

0.00 

0.00 

16.63 

15.46 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 10/31/2025 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

27.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.78000000 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 16.01 

Abandonment: 

10.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

0.00 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 15.67 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.00 I 0.00 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 15.46 

Beg Ratio: 

2.778 

Years to Payout: 

0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 15.26 

End Ratio: 

2.700 

Internal ROR ): 

0.00 

PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 14.96 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Table VII: Probable Behind Pipe Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1-Jan-2023. 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-18 Cleveland- 3508323799 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Cleveland 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

3.38 

9.86 

2.75 

8.01 

90.57 

6.34 

248.65 

50.80 

0.00 

2025 

2.08 

6.07 

1.69 

4.93 

90.57 

6.34 

153.14 

31.29 

0.00 

2026 

1.41 

4.12 

1.15 

3.34 

90.57 

6.34 

103.98 

21.22 

0.00 

2027 

1.02 

2.97 

0.83 

2.41 

90.57 

6.34 

74.99 

15.31 

0.00 

2028 

0.77 

2.25 

0.63 

1.83 

90.57 

6.34 

56.74 

11.60 

0.00 

2029 

0.61 

1.76 

0.49 

1.43 

90.57 

6.34 

44.59 

9.07 

0.00 

2030 

0.49 

1.42 

0.39 

1.15 

90.57 

6.34 

35.69 

7.30 

0.00 

2031 

0.40 

1.16 

0.32 

0.94 

90.57 

6.34 

29.21 

5.99 

0.00 

2032 

0.33 

0.97 

0.27 

0.79 

90.57 

6.34 

24.58 

5.01 

0.00 

2033 

0.28 

0.83 

0.23 

0.67 

90.57 

6.34 

20.75 

4.25 

0.00 

2034 

0.02 

0.06 

0.02 

0.05 

90.57 

6.34 

1.62 

0.32 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

10.79 

31.46 

8.77 

25.56 

90.57 

6.34 

793.94 

162.18 

0.00 

Ult 

10.79 

31.46 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

1.00 

21.26 

4.19 

90.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

175.01 

150.19 

2025 

1.00 

13.09 

2.58 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

159.76 

277.60 

2026 

1.00 

8.89 

1.75 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

105.56 

354.09 

2027 

1.00 

6.41 

1.26 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

73.63 

402.58 

2028 

1.00 

4.85 

0.96 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

53.53 

434.62 

2029 

1.00 

3.81 

0.75 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

40.11 

456.44 

2030 

1.00 

3.05 

0.60 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

30.34 

471.44 

2031 

1.00 

2.50 

0.49 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

23.22 

481.88 

2032 

1.00 

2.10 

0.41 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

18.07 

489.26 

2033 

1.00 

1.78 

0.35 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

13.88 

494.42 

2034 

1.00 

0.14 

0.03 

0.00 

0.00 

0.75 

0.00 

0.00 

1.03 

494.78 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

67.88 

13.39 

90.00 

0.00 

90.75 

0.00 

0.00 

694.11 

494.78 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 1/31/2034 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.81250000 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 280.54 

Abandonment: 

22.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

82.49 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 526.38 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 7.00 /8.71 
			 
			 PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 494.78 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 

1.20 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 466.23 

End Ratio: 

2.864 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 428.26 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 375.47 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-5 Oswego - 3508323726 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 LAWRIE WEST 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 OSWEGO 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

0.35 

0.27 

0.18 

0.14 

90.57 

6.34 

16.45 

0.88 

0.00 

2025 

0.34 

0.26 

0.18 

0.14 

90.57 

6.34 

16.36 

0.88 

0.00 

2026 

0.23 

0.17 

0.12 

0.09 

90.57 

6.34 

10.75 

0.57 

0.00 

2027 

0.16 

0.12 

0.08 

0.06 

90.57 

6.34 

7.61 

0.41 

0.00 

2028 

0.12 

0.09 

0.06 

0.05 

90.57 

6.34 

5.66 

0.30 

0.00 

2029 

0.09 

0.07 

0.05 

0.04 

90.57 

6.34 

4.37 

0.23 

0.00 

2030 

0.08 

0.06 

0.04 

0.03 

90.57 

6.34 

3.57 

0.19 

0.00 

2031 

0.06 

0.05 

0.03 

0.03 

90.57 

6.34 

2.85 

0.16 

0.00 

2032 

0.05 

0.04 

0.03 

0.02 

90.57 

6.34 

2.33 

0.12 

0.00 

2033 

0.04 

0.04 

0.02 

0.02 

90.57 

6.34 

2.00 

0.12 

0.00 

2034 

0.02 

0.01 

0.01 

0.01 

90.57 

6.34 

0.71 

0.03 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.53 

1.17 

0.80 

0.61 

90.57 

6.34 

72.65 

3.89 

0.00 

Ult 

1.53 

1.17 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

1.00 

1.23 

0.24 

55.15 

0.00 

3.68 

0.00 

0.00 

-42.96 

-38.46 

2025 

1.00 

1.22 

0.24 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

10.25 

-30.27 

2026 

1.00 

0.80 

0.16 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

4.84 

-26.75 

2027 

1.00 

0.57 

0.11 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

1.82 

-25.55 

2028 

1.00 

0.42 

0.08 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

-0.06 

-25.58 

2029 

1.00 

0.33 

0.06 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

-1.30 

-26.28 

2030 

1.00 

0.27 

0.05 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

-2.08 

-27.30 

2031 

1.00 

0.21 

0.04 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

-2.76 

-28.54 

2032 

1.00 

0.17 

0.03 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

-3.27 

-29.87 

2033 

1.00 

0.15 

0.03 

0.00 

0.00 

5.51 

0.00 

0.00 

-3.58 

-31.20 

2034 

1.00 

0.05 

0.01 

0.00 

0.00 

2.25 

0.00 

0.00 

-1.57 

-31.74 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

5.43 

1.07 

55.15 

0.00 

55.56 

0.00 

0.00 

-40.67 

-31.74 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 05/31/2034 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 0.61272800 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 

0.00 

bbl/month 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.52497160 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 -35.27 

Abandonment: 

3.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 

48.97 

PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 -3299 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 0.35 I 0.26 
			 
			 PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 -31.74 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 

0.00 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 -30.66 

End Ratio: 

0.667 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 -29.29 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 -27.49 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 12-7 Mis - 3508323762 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 FULLSPIKE 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.68 

1.36 

0.23 

0.46 

90.57 

6.34 

20.76 

2.91 

0.00 

2024 

0.60 

1.19 

0.20 

0.40 

90.57 

6.34 

18.21 

2.55 

0.00 

2025 

0.40 

0.80 

0.13 

0.27 

90.57 

6.34 

12.15 

1.71 

0.00 

2026 

0.15 

0.30 

0.05 

0.10 

90.57 

6.34 

4.65 

0.65 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.82 

3.65 

0.62 

1.23 

90.57 

6.34 

55.77 

7.82 

0.00 

Ult 

1.82 

3.65 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

1.68 

0.33 

0.00 

0.00 

3.43 

0.00 

0.00 

18.23 

17.52 

2024 

1.00 

1.47 

0.29 

4.99 

0.00 

3.74 

0.00 

0.00 

10.27 

26.37 

2025 

1.00 

0.98 

0.19 

0.00 

0.00 

3.74 

0.00 

0.00 

8.94 

33.50 

2026 

1.00 

0.38 

0.07 

0.00 

0.00 

1.84 

0.00 

0.00 

3.01 

35.73 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

4.51 

0.89 

4.99 

0.00 

12.75 

0.00 

0.00 

40.45 

35.73 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 6/30/2026 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 0.41587780 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 
			 
			 76.28 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.33790070 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 37.92 

Abandonment: 

24.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 
			 4.54 
			 
			 PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 36.57 

Initial Decline : 

40.03 

year 

b = 0.493 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 8.87 /9.10 
			 
			 PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 35.73 

Beg Ratio: 

2.006 

Years to Payout: 

0.21 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 34.93 

End Ratio: 
			 
			 1.958 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 33.82 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 3213 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-33 Mis - 3508323909 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.41 

0.82 

0.18 

0.36 

90.57 

6.34 

16.43 

2.30 

0.00 

2024 

0.62 

1.24 

0.27 

0.55 

90.57 

6.34 

24.75 

3.47 

0.00 

2025 

0.41 

0.82 

0.18 

0.36 

90.57 

6.34 

16.42 

2.31 

0.00 

2026 

0.29 

0.58 

0.13 

0.26 

90.57 

6.34 

11.57 

1.62 

0.00 

2027 

0.08 

0.16 

0.03 

0.07 

90.57 

6.34 

3.12 

0.43 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

1.81 

3.61 

0.80 

1.60 

90.57 

6.34 

72.29 

10.13 

0.00 

Ult 

1.81 

3.61 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

1.00 

1.33 

0.26 

0.00 

0.00 

2.45 

0.00 

0.00 

14.69 

13.81 

2024 

1.00 

2.00 

0.40 

6.53 

0.00 

4.90 

0.00 

0.00 

14.40 

26.28 

2025 

1.00 

1.33 

0.26 

0.00 

0.00 

4.90 

0.00 

0.00 

12.24 

36.04 

2026 

1.00 

0.94 

0.18 

0.00 

0.00 

4.90 

0.00 

0.00 

7.17 

41.25 

2027 

1.00 

0.25 

0.05 

0.00 

0.00 

1.59 

0.00 

0.00 

1.66 

42.37 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

5.85 

1.15 

6.53 

0.00 

18.73 

0.00 

0.00 

50.16 

42.37 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 4/30/2027 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 0.54413800 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 
			 
			 76.70 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.44211220 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 45.95 

Abandonment: 

19.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 
			 5.89 
			 
			 PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 43.74 

Initial Decline : 

40.30 

year 

b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 8.19 /8.68 
			 
			 PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 4237 

Beg Ratio: 

2.000 

Years to Payout: 

0.62 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 41.09 

End Ratio: 
			 
			 2.000 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 39.29 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 36.62 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-18 Viola- 3508323799 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 LAWRIE WEST 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 VIOLA 

Co., State : 
			 LOGAN, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

4.08 

9.96 

3.32 

8.09 

90.57 

6.34 

300.31 

51.31 

0.00 

2025 

2.79 

6.80 

2.27 

5.52 

90.57 

6.34 

205.24 

35.04 

0.00 

2026 

1.88 

4.58 

1.53 

3.72 

90.57 

6.34 

138.12 

23.60 

0.00 

2027 

1.35 

3.29 

1.10 

2.67 

90.57 

6.34 

99.27 

16.97 

0.00 

2028 

1.02 

2.48 

0.83 

2.02 

90.57 

6.34 

74.84 

12.79 

0.00 

2029 

0.80 

1.94 

0.65 

1.57 

90.57 

6.34 

58.58 

9.99 

0.00 

2030 

0.64 

1.56 

0.52 

1.26 

90.57 

6.34 

46.80 

8.02 

0.00 

2031 

0.52 

1.28 

0.43 

1.04 

90.57 

6.34 

38.56 

6.57 

0.00 

2032 

0.44 

1.07 

0.36 

0.87 

90.57 

6.34 

32.23 

5.49 

0.00 

2033 

0.37 

0.91 

0.30 

0.74 

90.57 

6.34 

27.23 

4.67 

0.00 

2034 

0.06 

0.14 

0.05 

0.11 

90.57 

6.34 

4.12 

0.71 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

13.93 

33.98 

11.32 

27.61 

90.57 

6.34 

1,025.30 

175.16 

0.00 

Ult 

13.93 

33.98 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

1.00 

24.96 

4.92 

90.00 

0.00 

8.25 

0.00 

0.00 

223.49 

192.13 

2025 

1.00 

17.06 

3.36 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

210.85 

360.30 

2026 

1.00 

11.48 

2.26 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

138.98 

461.01 

2027 

1.00 

8.25 

1.63 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

97.36 

525.13 

2028 

1.00 

6.22 

1.23 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

71.18 

567.73 

2029 

1.00 

4.87 

0.96 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

53.74 

596.96 

2030 

1.00 

3.89 

0.77 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

41.16 

617.31 

2031 

1.00 

3.20 

0.63 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

32.30 

631.83 

2032 

1.00 

2.68 

0.53 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

25.52 

642.26 

2033 

1.00 

2.26 

0.45 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

20.19 

649.75 

2034 

1.00 

0.34 

0.07 

0.00 

0.00 

1.44 

0.00 

0.00 

2.98 

650.80 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

85.22 

16.81 

90.00 

0.00 

90.69 

0.00 

0.00 

917.74 

650.80 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 4/30/2027 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 
			 
			 0.00 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.81250000 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 765.33 

Abandonment: 

28.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 
			 81.82 
			 
			 PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 69294 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.498 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 8.95 I 11.20 
			 
			 PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 650.80 

Beg Ratio: 

0.000 

Years to Payout: 

1.22 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 61278 

End Ratio: 
			 
			 2.429 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 >1000 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 56233 

PW 
			 20.00 : 
			 49237 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-21 Oswego - 3508323817 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Oswego 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

0.62 

0.47 

0.50 

0.38 

90.57 

6.34 

45.48 

2.42 

0.00 

2025 

0.53 

0.41 

0.43 

0.33 

90.57 

6.34 

39.08 

2.10 

0.00 

2026 

0.36 

0.27 

0.29 

0.22 

90.57 

6.34 

26.20 

1.40 

0.00 

2027 

0.25 

0.19 

0.21 

0.16 

90.57 

6.34 

18.62 

0.99 

0.00 

2028 

0.19 

0.15 

0.15 

0.12 

90.57 

6.34 

13.91 

0.75 

0.00 

2029 

0.15 

0.11 

0.12 

0.09 

90.57 

6.34 

10.82 

0.58 

0.00 

2030 

0.02 

0.02 

0.02 

0.01 

90.57 

6.34 

1.62 

0.08 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

2.12 

1.61 

1.72 

1.31 

90.57 

6.34 

155.71 

8.31 

0.00 

Ult 

2.12 

1.61 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

1.00 

3.40 

0.67 

90.00 

0.00 

6.75 

0.00 

0.00 

-52.92 

-48.43 

2025 

1.00 

2.92 

0.58 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

28.67 

-25.54 

2026 

1.00 

1.96 

0.39 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

16.25 

-13.75 

2027 

1.00 

1.39 

0.27 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

8.94 

-7.85 

2028 

1.00 

1.04 

0.21 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

4.41 

-5.20 

2029 

1.00 

0.81 

0.16 

0.00 

0.00 

9.00 

0.00 

0.00 

1.43 

-4.41 

2030 

1.00 

0.12 

0.02 

0.00 

0.00 

1.44 

0.00 

0.00 

0.12 

-4.35 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

11.64 

2.30 

90.00 

0.00 

53.19 

0.00 

0.00 

6.90 

-4.35 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 2/28/2030 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 1.00000000 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 
			 
			 83.00 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.81250000 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 0.51 

Abandonment: 

11.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 
			 80.55 
			 
			 PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 -256 

Initial Decline : 

46.50 

year 

b = 0.507 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 

0.95 I 1.08 

PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 -4.35 

Beg Ratio: 

0.759 

Years to Payout: 

4.77 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 -5.96 

End Ratio: 
			 
			 0.727 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 5.47 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 -8.08 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 2-20 Oswego - 3508323810 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Oswego 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Year 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

0.62 

0.47 

0.48 

0.36 

90.57 

6.34 

43.45 

2.31 

0.00 

2025 

0.53 

0.41 

0.41 

0.32 

90.57 

6.34 

37.34 

2.00 

0.00 

2026 

0.36 

0.27 

0.28 

0.21 

90.57 

6.34 

25.03 

1.33 

0.00 

2027 

0.25 

0.19 

0.20 

0.15 

90.57 

6.34 

17.79 

0.95 

0.00 

2028 

0.19 

0.15 

0.15 

0.11 

90.57 

6.34 

13.29 

0.71 

0.00 

2029 

0.15 

0.11 

0.11 

0.09 

90.57 

6.34 

10.34 

0.55 

0.00 

2030 

0.12 

0.09 

0.09 

0.07 

90.57 

6.34 

8.23 

0.44 

0.00 

2031 

0.10 

0.07 

0.07 

0.06 

90.57 

6.34 

6.75 

0.36 

0.00 

2032 

0.08 

0.06 

0.06 

0.05 

90.57 

6.34 

5.55 

0.30 

0.00 

2033 

0.07 

0.05 

0.05 

0.04 

90.57 

6.34 

4.78 

0.25 

0.00 

2034 

0.02 

0.02 

0.02 

0.01 

90.57 

6.34 

1.41 

0.08 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

2.47 

1.89 

1.92 

1.46 

90.57 

6.34 

173.95 

9.29 

0.00 

Ult 

2.47 

1.89 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

1.00 

3.25 

0.64 

89.53 

0.00 

6.71 

0.00 

0.00 

-54.37 

-49.67 

2025 

1.00 

2.79 

0.55 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

27.04 

-28.08 

2026 

1.00 

1.87 

0.37 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

15.17 

-17.07 

2027 

1.00 

1.33 

0.26 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

8.19 

-11.66 

2028 

1.00 

0.99 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

3.86 

-9.34 

2029 

1.00 

0.77 

0.15 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

1.01 

-8.78 

2030 

1.00 

0.62 

0.12 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

-1.02 

-9.28 

2031 

1.00 

0.51 

0.10 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

-2.44 

-10.37 

2032 

1.00 

0.42 

0.08 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

-3.60 

-11.83 

2033 

1.00 

0.36 

0.07 

0.00 

0.00 

8.95 

0.00 

0.00 

-4.35 

-13.45 

2034 

1.00 

0.11 

0.02 

0.00 

0.00 

2.91 

0.00 

0.00 

-1.56 

-13.99 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

13.01 

2.57 

89.53 

0.00 

90.21 

0.00 

0.00 

-12.07 

-13.99 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 4/30/2034 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 0.99479170 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 
			 
			 0.00 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.77633680 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 -1272 

Abandonment: 

5.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 
			 80.13 
			 
			 PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 -13.45 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 0.83 I 0.87 
			 
			 PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 -13.99 

Beg Ratio: 
			 
			 0.000 

Years to Payout: 

5.96 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 -14.54 

End Ratio: 
			 
			 0.800 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 -15.37 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 11-15 Oswego - 3508323806 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 LAWRIE WEST 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 ALPHA ENERGY TEXAS OPERATING 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 OSWEGO 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Year 

Gross 

			 Oil 

Gross 

			 Gas 

Net 

			 Oil 

Net 

			 Gas 

Oil 

			 Price 

Gas 

			 Price 

Oil 

			 Revenue 

Gas 

			 Revenue 

Misc. 

			 Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

2.20 

1.66 

1.15 

0.87 

90.57 

6.34 

104.56 

5.54 

0.00 

2025 

1.90 

1.44 

1.00 

0.75 

90.57 

6.34 

90.24 

4.78 

0.00 

2026 

1.26 

0.95 

0.66 

0.50 

90.57 

6.34 

60.00 

3.17 

0.00 

2027 

0.90 

0.68 

0.47 

0.36 

90.57 

6.34 

42.65 

2.25 

0.00 

2028 

0.67 

0.51 

0.35 

0.27 

90.57 

6.34 

32.00 

1.70 

0.00 

2029 

0.53 

0.39 

0.28 

0.21 

90.57 

6.34 

24.96 

1.31 

0.00 

2030 

0.42 

0.32 

0.22 

0.17 

90.57 

6.34 

19.87 

1.05 

0.00 

2031 

0.34 

0.26 

0.18 

0.14 

90.57 

6.34 

16.26 

0.86 

0.00 

2032 

0.28 

0.22 

0.15 

0.11 

90.57 

6.34 

13.50 

0.72 

0.00 

2033 

0.24 

0.18 

0.13 

0.10 

90.57 

6.34 

11.46 

0.60 

0.00 

2034 

0.07 

0.06 

0.04 

0.03 

90.57 

6.34 

3.42 

0.18 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

8.81 

6.66 

4.63 

3.49 

90.57 

6.34 

418.93 

22.16 

0.00 

Ult 

8.81 

6.66 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

1.00 

7.82 

1.54 

55.55 

0.00 

4.17 

0.00 

0.00 

41.01 

33.89 

2025 

1.00 

6.75 

1.33 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

81.39 

98.82 

2026 

1.00 

4.49 

0.88 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

52.25 

136.69 

2027 

1.00 

3.19 

0.63 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

35.53 

160.10 

2028 

1.00 

2.39 

0.47 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

25.28 

175.23 

2029 

1.00 

1.87 

0.37 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

18.49 

185.29 

2030 

1.00 

1.49 

0.29 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

13.59 

192.01 

2031 

1.00 

1.22 

0.24 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

10.11 

196.56 

2032 

1.00 

1.01 

0.20 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

7.46 

199.61 

2033 

1.00 

0.86 

0.17 

0.00 

0.00 

5.56 

0.00 

0.00 

5.48 

201.64 

2034 

1.00 

0.26 

0.05 

0.00 

0.00 

1.81 

0.00 

0.00 

1.49 

202.16 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

31.31 

6.18 

55.55 

0.00 

55.97 

0.00 

0.00 

292.08 

20216 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 4/30/2034 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 0.61727280 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 
			 
			 0.00 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.52497160 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 240.73 

Abandonment: 

18.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 
			 49.72 
			 
			 PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 216.36 

Initial Decline : 

0.00 

year 

b = 0.000 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 5.07 I 6.26 
			 
			 PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 20216 

Beg Ratio: 
			 
			 0.000 

Years to Payout: 

1.56 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 189.35 

End Ratio: 
			 
			 0.722 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 877.18 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 17237 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Date: : 04/08/2023 11:19:03AM 

ECONOMIC PROJECTION 

Case: 
			 Coral 12-7 Oswego - 3508323762 

Project Name: 
			 Logan I March 2023 
			 As OfDate : 02/01/2023 
			 Reserve Cat. : 
			 Probable Behind Pipe 

Partner: 
			 All Cases 
			 Discount Rate( : 10.00 
			 Field : 
			 Lawrie West 

Case Type: 
			 LEASE CASE 
			 All Cases 
			 Operator: 
			 FULLSPIKE 

Archive Set : 
			 default 
			 
			 Reservoir : 
			 Miss 

Co., State : 
			 Logan, OK 

Cum Oil (Mbbl): 
			 0.00 

Cum Gas (MlVIcl) : 
			 0.00 

Gross 

Gross 

Net 

Net 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Misc. 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Price 

Price 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Revenue 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

(Mbbl) 

(MMcl) 

/bbl) 

/Mel) 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

0.71 

0.53 

0.24 

0.18 

90.57 

6.34 

21.82 

1.14 

0.00 

2025 

0.70 

0.52 

0.24 

0.18 

90.57 

6.34 

21.54 

1.12 

0.00 

2026 

0.47 

0.35 

0.16 

0.12 

90.57 

6.34 

14.29 

0.74 

0.00 

2027 

0.26 

0.19 

0.09 

0.06 

90.57 

6.34 

7.87 

0.41 

0.00 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

2.14 

1.59 

0.72 

0.54 

90.57 

6.34 

65.52 

3.41 

0.00 

Ult 

2.14 

1.59 

Year 

Well 

			 Count 

Net Tax 

			 Production 

Net Tax 

			 AdValorem 

N 

			 Investment 

Net 

			 Lease Costs 

Net 

			 Well Costs 

Ollie, 

			 Costs 

Net 

			 Profits 

Annual 

			 Cash Flow 

Cum Disc. 

			 Cash Flow 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

(M 

2023 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

2024 

1.00 

1.63 

0.32 

37.43 

0.00 

2.50 

0.00 

0.00 

-18.92 

-17.28 

2025 

1.00 

1.61 

0.32 

0.00 

0.00 

3.74 

0.00 

0.00 

17.00 

-3.71 

2026 

1.00 

1.07 

0.21 

0.00 

0.00 

3.74 

0.00 

0.00 

10.01 

3.55 

2027 

1.00 

0.59 

0.12 

0.00 

0.00 

2.77 

0.00 

0.00 

4.80 

6.75 

Rem 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Total 

4.89 

0.97 

37.43 

0.00 

12.75 

0.00 

0.00 

12.89 

6.75 

Major Phase : 
			 Oil 

Abandonment Date : 
			 9/30/2027 

Perfs: 
			 0-0 

Working fut: 
			 0.41587780 
			 Present Worth Profile (M 

Initial Rate: 
			 
			 105.00 

Revenue Int : 
			 
			 0.33790070 
			 
			 PW 

5.00 : 
			 
			 9.47 

Abandonment: 

26.00 

bbl/month 

Disc. fuitial fuvest. (M ): 
			 
			 33.24 
			 
			 PW 

8.00 : 
			 
			 7.76 

Initial Decline : 

46.25 

year 

b = 0.4989 

ROinvestment (disc/undisc) : 
			 
			 1.20 I 1.34 
			 
			 PW 

10.00 : 
			 
			 6.75 

Beg Ratio: 
			 
			 0.743 

Years to Payout: 

3.08 

PW 

12.00 : 
			 
			 5.82 

End Ratio: 
			 
			 0.731 

Internal ROR ): 
			 
			 30.92 
			 
			 PW 

15.00 : 
			 
			 4.56 

TRC Eco Detailed.rpt 

Table VIII: Probable Undeveloped Project Information date 1-Jan-2023. 

BASIC PROJECT INFORMATION 

Description 

Units 

Value 

Evaluation date 

Jan 2023 

Prepared by 

Dr. Robert Miles 

Interest owner 

Alpha Energy Inc. 

Well /or Lease name 

Various leased areas 

Field /or Reservoir name 

Lawrie West 

County 

Logan 

State 

OK 

Operator name 

Alpha Energy Texas Operating LLC 

Project name 

Logan I 

Reserve category 

Probable Undeveloped 

Effective month year 

Jan 2023 

Selected discount rate 

10 

ECONOMIC AND INVESTMENT DATA 

Net Revenue Interest (avg) 

58.84 

Total acreage 

acres 

1380 

PRICING DATA 

Oil price 

/Bbl. 

90.57 

Oil price Esc and start date 

0 

Gas price 

/MCF 

6.344 

Gas price Esc and start date 

0 

The expected production from the eight (8) horizontal Woodford wells along with their decline parameters were determined through information provided by Alpha. Decline curve analysis was performed on the nearest local offset Dennis 3-1 well using PhDwin software and curve fitting algorithms. The recovery factor used to estimate reserves was a conservative 8 , though more recent generations of completions, using much higher propellant injection pressures for fracking, suggest it could be up to 12-14 . While two zones are present in the Woodford and represent potential completion targets in the Woodford, only one zone was assumed to be completed for production. All horizontal wells are located in sections 1, 11, 2 and 12. All horizontal wells are extended as 7000 ft laterals. There are also ten (10) Miss vertical wells that are planned to be drilled. The initial drilling and production of these Miss wells will further de-risk the Woodford horizontal wells as well as confirm the production for the remainder of the Miss vertical wells, moving most if not all of these wells into the proven category. 

Table IX: Probable Undeveloped Reserve Economic Proforma Report dated 1-Jan-2023. 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex_501824.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_501824.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Name 

Jurisdiction 

Alpha Energy Texas Operating Agreement, LLC 

Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_501293.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_501293.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jay Leaver, certify that: 

1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Energy, Inc. (the Company 

2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented ire this report; 

4.The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jay Leaver 

 Jay Leaver 

 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_501294.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_501294.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Alpha Energy, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay Leaver, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jay Leaver 

 Jay Leaver 

 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_501295.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_501295.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Lacie Kellogg, certify that: 

1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Energy, Inc. (the Company 

2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented ire this report; 

4.The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Lacie Kellogg 

 Lacie Kellogg 

 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex_501296.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_501296.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Alpha Energy, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lacie Kellogg, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Lacie Kellogg 

 Lacie Kellogg 

 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 aphe-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aphe-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aphe-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aphe-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 aphe-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

