<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230623_10-K_edgar_data_726958_0000726958-23-000059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7293159</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>238118</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1321491</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2409153</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1714920</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1473049</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000726958-23-000059.hdr.sgml : 20230623
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230623124853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000726958-23-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230623
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230623

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CASEYS GENERAL STORES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000726958
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		IRS NUMBER:				420935283
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34700
		FILM NUMBER:		231036501

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 3001
		CITY:			ANKENY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		515-965-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 3001
		CITY:			ANKENY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50021

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000726958-23-000059.txt : 20230623

10-K
 1
 casy-20230430.htm
 10-K

casy-20230430 
 
 Table of Contents 

United States 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 
 OR 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 ., , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act 
 NONE 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of October 31, 2022, was approximately billion based on the closing sales price 232.71 per share) as quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s class of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 Class Outstanding at June 13, 2023 Common Stock, no par value per share shares 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 FORM 10-K 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1. Business 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 17 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 19 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 29 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 53 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 53 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 54 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 55 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 55 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 55 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 55 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 58 
 Signatures 
 59 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The Company 
 As of April 30, 2023, Casey s General Stores, Inc. and its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries operate convenience stores primarily under the names "Casey's" and "Casey s General Store" (collectively, with the stores below referenced as "GoodStop", "Bucky's" or "Minit Mart", referred to as "Casey's" or the "Company") throughout 16 states, primarily in Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois. On April 30, 2023, there were a total of 2,521 stores in operation. 
 All convenience stores carry a broad selection of food items (including, but not limited to, freshly prepared foods such as regular and breakfast pizza, donuts, hot breakfast items, and hot and cold sandwiches), beverages, tobacco and nicotine products, health and beauty aids, automotive products, and other nonfood items. As of April 30, 2023, 217 store locations offered car washes. In addition, all but seven store locations offer fuel for sale on a self-service basis. 
 During the prior fiscal year, the Company introduced certain stores branded or rebranded as "GoodStop (by Casey s)". Similar to most of our store footprint, the "GoodStop" locations offer fuel for sale on a self-serve basis, and a broad selection of snacks, beverages, tobacco products, and other essentials. However, these locations typically do not have a kitchen and have limited prepared food offerings. As of April 30, 2023, 43 stores operate under the "GoodStop" brand. 
 The Company is also temporarily operating certain locations acquired from Buchanan Energy during the prior fiscal year under the name "Bucky's" and certain locations acquired from Minit Mart LLC during the current fiscal year under the name "Minit Mart." The Company is in the process of transitioning all "Bucky's" and "Minit Mart" locations to either the "Casey's" or "GoodStop" brand. These locations typically have similar offerings to the "Casey s" or "GoodStop" branded stores. The Company also operates two stores selling primarily tobacco and nicotine products, one liquor-only store, and one grocery store. 
 The Company has 76 dealer locations, where Casey s manages fuel wholesale supply agreements to these stores. These locations are not operated by Casey's and are not included in our overall store count. 
 Approximately 50 of all stores in the Company were opened in areas with populations of fewer than 5,000 persons, while approximately 26 of our stores were opened in communities with populations of more than 20,000 persons. The Company competes on the basis of price, as well as on the basis of traditional features of convenience store operations such as location, extended hours, product offerings, and quality of service. 
 The Company operates three distribution centers - in Ankeny, Iowa adjacent to our corporate headquarters, which we refer to as our Store Support Center, in Terre Haute, Indiana and in Joplin, Missouri - from which certain grocery and general merchandise and prepared food and dispensed beverage items are supplied to our stores by our Company-operated delivery fleet. The Company also self-distributes the majority of fuel to our stores. The Company has a fleet of 397 tractors used for distribution. 
 The Company s internet address is www.caseys.com. We make available through our website all of our SEC filings, including current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our annual report on Form 10-K, and amendments to those reports, free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with the SEC. Additionally, you can go to our website to read our Financial Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and committee charters. In the event of a waiver from, or updates to, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, any required disclosure will be posted to our website. 
 Casey s, with its principal business office, and Store Support Center, located at One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021-8045 (telephone 515-965-6100), was incorporated in Iowa in 1967. Our fiscal year runs from May 1 through April 30 of each year. 
 General 
 Casey's corporate purpose is to make the lives of our guests and communities better every day. Many of the smaller communities in which we operate often are not served by national-chain convenience stores. We have succeeded in operating stores in smaller towns by offering, at competitive prices, a broader selection of products than does a typical convenience store. We have also succeeded in meeting the needs of residents in larger communities with these same offerings. We currently own most of our real estate, including substantially all of our stores, all three distribution centers (see discussion of ownership structure of the distribution center in Joplin, Missouri in Note 7), a construction and support services facility located in Ankeny, Iowa, and the Store Support Center facility. 
 The Company derives its revenue primarily from the retail sale of fuel and the products offered in our stores. Our sales historically have been strongest during the first and second fiscal quarters (May through October) relative to the third and fourth 
 4 

fiscal quarters (November through April). In warmer weather, guests tend to purchase greater quantities of fuel and certain convenience items such as beer, sports drinks, water, soft drinks, and ice. 
 Corporate Subsidiaries 
 Casey's Marketing Company ("CMC") and Casey's Services Company ("CSC") were organized as Iowa corporations in March 1995. Casey s Retail Company ("CRC") was organized as an Iowa corporation in April 2004. CGS Stores, LLC was organized as an Iowa limited liability company in April 2019. Heartland Property Company, LLC was organized as a Delaware limited liability company in September 2019, for the purposes of acquiring land and real estate. CMC, CSC, and CRC are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Casey s, while CGS Stores, LLC and Heartland Property Company, LLC are wholly-owned subsidiaries of CMC. 
 In addition, the acquisition of Buchanan Energy during the prior fiscal year resulted in the addition of several subsidiaries to the Company s corporate structure, including Bucks, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, Buchanan Energy (N), LLC and Buchanan Energy (S), LLC, each Delaware limited liability companies, Buck s, LLC of Collinsville, an Illinois limited liability company, and C.T. Jewell Company, Inc., a Nebraska corporation. T he Company is in the process of merging these subsidiaries into the applicable Company legacy entities, described above. 
 CRC owns and/or operates certain stores in Illinois, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota, holds the rights to the Company's trademarks, service marks, trade names, and other intellectual property, and performs most corporate functions of the enterprise. CMC owns and/or operates stores in Arkansas, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Missouri, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Wisconsin, and is responsible for all of our wholesale operations, including all three distribution centers and management of the wholesale fuel network. CGS Stores, LLC owns and/or operates stores in Tennessee. CSC provides a variety of construction, maintenance and transportation services for all stores. 
 Store Operations 
 Products Offered 
 The Company designs, develops and delivers value to its guests through a differentiated product assortment where the right products are optimally placed, priced and promoted to drive traffic, revenue and profit. It is our practice to continually make additions to the Company s product line, especially products with higher gross profit margins such as prepared food and our new private label offerings, described below. To facilitate many of these items, we have installed full kitchens in almost all of our stores, other than those branded as GoodStop . 
 The Company's flagship product is its handmade pizza, which we began preparing and selling in 1984. It was available in 2,465 stores (98 as of April 30, 2023. In addition, we have expanded our prepared food offerings, which currently includes made to order cheesy breadsticks, sandwiches and wraps, chicken wings, chicken tenders, breakfast croissants and biscuits, breakfast pizza, breakfast burritos, hash browns, burgers, and bakery items which includes include donuts, cookies and brownies as well as other seasonal items. During the fiscal year, the Company launched new limited time offers to include our Ultimate Beer Cheese Breakfast Pizza as well as our BBQ Brisket Pizza. Additional stores selling pizza will come on line as newly acquired stores are remodeled and kitchens are added. Finally, as of April 30, 2023, the Company was selling donuts in 2,449 (97 of our stores in addition to cookies, brownies, and other bakery items. 
 The growth in our prepared food program reflects the Company s strategy to promote high-margin products that are compatible with convenience store operations. In the last three fiscal years, retail sales of nonfuel items have generated about 37 of our total revenue, but they have resulted in approximately 66 of our revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization). Revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) as a percentage of revenue on prepared food items averaged approximately 59 for the three fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 substantially higher than the impact of retail sales of fuel, which averaged approximately 12 . 
 Each Casey s store typically carries over 3,000 packaged food, beverage and non-food items. The selection is a blend of differentiated private label products (which now includes over 300 items as of April 30, 2023), as well as favored national and regional brands, many of which can be found in larger format stores. Our assortment includes product across the following categories: 
 non-alcoholic beverages (soft drinks, energy, water, sports drinks, juices, coffee, tea and dairy) 
 alcoholic beverages (beer, wine and spirits) 
 packaged foods (snacks, candy, packaged bakery and other food items) 
 tobacco and nicotine products 
 frozen foods (ice, ice cream, meals and appetizers) 
 non-foods (health and beauty aids, automotive, electronic accessories, housewares and pet supplies) 
 services (ATM, lotto/lottery and prepaid cards) 
 5 

All but seven stores offer retail motor fuel products for sale on a self-service basis. Gasoline and diesel fuel are sold under the Casey s name at the majority of our locations. 
 The Company offers the Casey's Rewards program to bring value to guests and improve the digital guest experience. As part of this program, guests can earn points from online, in-store, or at the pump purchases. Points earned can be redeemed for donations to a local school of the guest's choice, fuel discounts, or Casey's Cash, which can be used on many products sold in our stores. The Rewards program is delivered through Casey s mobile application. In addition to earning points, guests may receive other program benefits such as special offers and bonus points. At the end of the fiscal year, the Company had surpassed 6.4 million members enrolled in the program. 
 Store Design 
 Casey s constructs stores that are primarily freestanding and, with a few exceptions to accommodate local conditions, conform to standard construction specifications. The current larger store design measures approximately 2,550 square feet devoted to sales area, 550 square feet to kitchen space, 400 square feet to storage, and 2 large multi-stall public restrooms. There is also a smaller store design that is generally designated for smaller communities that measures approximately 1,350 square feet devoted to sales area with the remaining areas similar in size, and 2 single user restrooms. Store lots have sufficient frontage and depth to permit adequate drive-in parking facilities on one or more sides of each store. Each new store typically includes 4 to 6 islands of fuel dispensers and storage tanks with capacity for 44,000 to 70,000 gallons of fuel. The merchandising display follows a standard layout designed to encourage a flow of guest traffic through all sections of every store. All stores are air-conditioned and have modern refrigeration equipment. Nearly all locations feature a bright sign which displays the Casey s or GoodStop name and trade/service marks. 
 Almost all stores remain open at least sixteen hours per day, seven days a week. Hours of operation may be adjusted on a store-by-store basis to accommodate guest traffic patterns. As of April 30, 2023, we operated 526 stores on a 24-hour basis, and another 1,843 have expanded hours. 
 Store Locations 
 The Company historically has located many of its stores in smaller towns not served by national-chain convenience stores. We believe that a Casey s store provides a service generally not otherwise available in smaller towns and that a convenience store in an area with limited population can be profitable if it stresses sales volume and competitive prices. Our store-site selection criteria emphasize the population of the immediate area and daily highway traffic volume. 
 Retail Fuel Operations 
 Retail fuel sales are an important part of our revenue and earnings. Approximately 66 of total revenue for the year ended April 30, 2023 was derived from the retail sale of fuel. The following table summarizes (dollars and gallons in thousands) retail fuel sales for the last three fiscal years ended April 30: 
 Year ended April 30, 2023 2022 2021 Number of gallons sold 2,672,366 2,579,179 2,180,772 Total retail fuel sales 10,027,310 8,312,038 4,825,466 Percentage of total revenue 66.4 64.2 55.4 Percentage of revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) 10.7 11.2 15.8 Average retail price per gallon 3.75 3.22 2.21 Average revenue less cost of goods sold per gallon (excluding depreciation and amortization) 40.22 36.01 34.91 Average number of gallons sold per store 1,092 1,047 981 
 Includes only those stores in operation at least one full year on April 30 of the fiscal year indicated. 
 Average retail prices of fuel during the year increased 16.5 from prior year. Fuel prices increased at the end of the prior fiscal year due to overall supply issues, as refiners cut production levels in response to a slowing economy during the COVID-19 pandemic and as Russia's invasion of Ukraine resulted in a United States ban of Russian crude oil imports. While prices have moderated since the highs seen at the end of the prior fiscal year and the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the higher costs have continued into 2023. Regardless, with the Company's centralized fuel team and the procurement improvements implemented, we believe we are well positioned to navigate any potential future fuel price volatility. 
 The total number of gallons sold during this period increased by 3.6 . Gallons sold were positively impacted by a growing store count as we operated 69 more stores than the prior year. Average revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding 
 6 

depreciation and amortization) per gallon increased by 11.7 . Our centralized fuel team, coupled with fuel procurement improvements, has grown fuel profitability and has been instrumental in sustaining higher than historically typical average revenue less cost of goods sold per gallon (excluding depreciation and amortization). 
 Percentage of revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) represents the fuel gross profit divided by the gross fuel sales dollars. As retail fuel prices fluctuate in a period of consistent gross margin per gallon, the percentage will also fluctuate in an inverse relationship to fuel price. For additional information concerning the Company s fuel operations, see Item 7, below. 
 Distribution and Wholesale Arrangements 
 CMC supplies all stores with groceries, food, health and beauty aids, and general merchandise from our three distribution centers. The stores place orders for merchandise electronically to the Store Support Center, and the orders are filled with shipments in Company-operated delivery trucks from one of the distribution centers, based on route optimization for the fleet network. Most of our existing and proposed stores are within the three distribution centers' optimum efficiency range a radius of approximately 500 miles around each distribution center. 
 In fiscal 2023, a majority of the food and nonfood items supplied to stores through the distribution centers were purchased directly from manufacturers. While we consider long-term contracts for potential favorability against short-term contracts, long-term supply contracts are not typically entered into with the suppliers of products sold by our stores. We believe the practice enables us to respond to changing market conditions with minimal impact on margins. 
 In addition to the products discussed above, CMC supplies all fuel to our stores, and supplies fuel on a wholesale basis as part of a dealer network to 76 locations. We have entered into various purchase agreements related to our fuel supply, which include varying volume commitments. Prices included in the purchase agreements are indexed to market prices. 
 Human Capital 
 Our employees, who we refer to as Team Members, are critical to our business operations and the success of the Company. As of April 30, 2023, we had 20,292 full-time, and 22,690 part-time, Team Members. Approximately 94 are store Team Members, 1 are field management and related Team Members, 1 work in and support our three distribution centers, 1 are fuel or grocery drivers and 3 work out of the Store Support Center, or perform Store Support Center functions. 
 We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements with our Team Members and believe the working relationship with our Team Members is good. 
 Core Values 
 During the prior fiscal year, the Company unveiled its new core values to its Team Members, as part of its evolution to build a culture of commitment Casey s CARES: 
 C Commitment: We work hard to be the best and have a good time doing it. 
 A Authenticity: We re true to our roots by being high integrity and low ego. 
 R Respect: We treat people the way they want to be treated. 
 E Evolving: We re driven to build a better future for ourselves and for our business. 
 S Service: We put service first and take pride in caring for our guests, our communities, and each other. 
 We believe these core values serve as a solid foundation for how we treat our Team Members, how they treat one another and how we operate our business as a whole. 
 In the 2023 fiscal year, Casey s became Great Places to Work certified. This certification is administered by an independent third party and is based largely on team member survey results. 
 Total Rewards 
 We believe that the future success of the Company depends in large part on our ability to attract, train, retain, and motivate qualified Team Members. As such, we are committed to providing market-competitive pay and benefits for all positions and offer performance-based compensation opportunities to certain of our full-time Team Member base. In addition, the Company offers a 401(k) plan to eligible Team Members, with a generous 6 match made in the form of Company stock, and all full-time and part-time associates are eligible for competitive health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance and other benefits. In addition, during the 2023 fiscal year, we enhanced our offerings to include a military pay differential benefit for team members in the armed forces during periods of military service, introduced a free care management service for those suffering from back and joint pain/injury to expedite improved pain management and/or healing, and increased the contributions to, and number of visits allowed, in our Employee Assistance Program (EAP), which allows our team members and their families additional support for mental health at no cost. We also increased participation and 
 7 

utilization of Casey's Team Member Support Fund, which is designed to help team members facing financial hardships due to catastrophic circumstances. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 The Company is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce across the organization, which it believes is set by example with its Board of Directors and extended leadership team. The Board consists of twelve members, five (or 42 of which are diverse as to gender, and three (or 25 of which are diverse to race and/or ethnicity. The extended leadership team, which includes all of our Vice-President level executives and above, consists of thirty-two members, almost 60 of which are diverse as to gender, race and/or ethnicity. Across our entire Team Member base, 60 of our Team Members are female and 15 are diverse as to race and/or ethnicity. In addition, we have a strict Anti Harassment and Discrimination Policy of which all Team Members are trained and expected to follow and we have several mechanisms, including an Ethics and Compliance Hotline, under which Team Members and guests can report incidents confidentially or anonymously and without fear of retaliation. We have four team member resource groups which further enhance the diversity, equity and inclusion culture at Casey's: Women in Leadership, Veterans, Faith and LGBTQ. The Company has also established a formal Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee to further promote the already strong culture of belonging and empowerment for all Team Members. In addition, the company has expanded its learning related to unconscious bias and critical conversations through formal training. 
 Education and Training 
 The Company, including its established Learning and Development Department, which serves all levels of the organization, invests significant time and resources in educating and training Team Members by providing them with educational, development and leadership opportunities. These opportunities are provided through a mix of formal onboarding training, safety training, in-person classes, virtual modules and on-the-job learning. For example, through its virtual modules, the Company offers over 500 hours of educational opportunities through over 600 classes, for which there were almost 1 million enrollments during the 2023 fiscal year. In addition, the Company has a formal leadership development program with core curriculum consisting of Development programs for Kitchen Managers, Store Managers, District Managers, a Leadership Excellence Certification, and an Individualized Development Program for all Officers based on their review. 
 Competition 
 Our business is highly competitive. Food, including prepared foods, and nonfood items similar or identical to those sold by the Company, are generally available from various competitors in the communities served by Casey s and by certain online retailers. We believe our stores located in smaller towns compete principally with other local grocery and convenience stores, similar retail outlets, and, to a lesser extent, prepared food outlets, restaurants, and expanded fuel stations offering a more limited selection of grocery and food items for sale. Stores located in more heavily populated communities may compete with local and national grocery and drug store chains, quick service restaurants, expanded fuel stations, supermarkets, discount food stores, and traditional convenience stores. 
 In addition to our inside store products, the fuel business is also highly competitive. The Company competes on the basis of brand, price, and convenience of our fuel products. We believe our locations in smaller towns are well-positioned. Similar to inside, stores compete with larger store chains with expanded fuel offerings and increased buying power in more heavily populated communities. 
 Examples of convenience store chains competing in the larger towns served by Casey s include Quik Trip, Kwik Trip/Star, Kum Go, and other regional chains. These competitive factors are discussed further in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 Trademarks and Service Marks 
 The Company regularly evaluates its portfolio of intellectual property and takes steps to review potential new trademarks and service marks and to renew existing marks. The names "Casey s", Casey s General Store , and "GoodStop (by Casey's)", the marks consisting of the Casey s design logos (with the words Casey s and Casey s General Store ), the weathervane, and certain of our private label product names, are registered trademarks and service marks under federal law. We believe these marks are of material importance in promoting and advertising the Company s business. In addition, the Company has a number of other registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks that are significant to the Company from an operational and branding perspective (e.g. "Casey s Pizza", "Casey's Here for Good", Casey s Rewards , Casey s Cash , etc.). 
 Government Regulation (dollars in thousands) 
 Underground Storage Tanks 
 The United States Environmental Protection Agency and several states, including Iowa, have established requirements for owners and operators of underground fuel storage tanks (USTs) with regard to (i) maintenance of leak detection, corrosion protection, and overfill/spill protection systems; (ii) upgrade of existing tanks; (iii) actions required in the event of a detected 
 8 

leak; (iv) prevention of leakage through tank closings; and (v) required fuel inventory record keeping. Since 1984, our new stores have been equipped with noncorroding fiberglass USTs, including some with double-wall construction, overfill protection, and electronic tank monitoring. We believe that all capital expenditures for electronic monitoring, cathodic protection, and overfill/spill protection to comply with the existing UST regulations have been completed. Additional regulations or amendments to the existing UST regulations could result in future expenditures. 
 The majority of states in which we do business have trust fund programs with provisions for sharing or reimbursing corrective action or remediation costs incurred by UST owners, including the Company. For the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we spent approximately 653, 577, and 849 respectively, for assessments and remediation. Substantially all of these expenditures were submitted for reimbursement from state-sponsored trust fund programs. The payments are typically subject to statutory provisions requiring repayment of the reimbursed funds for noncompliance with upgrade provisions or other applicable laws. None of the reimbursements received are currently expected to be repaid by the Company to the trust fund programs. At April 30, 2023 and 2022 we had an accrued liability of 268 and 274, respectively, for estimated expenses related to anticipated corrective actions or remediation efforts, including relevant legal and consulting costs. We believe we have no material joint and several environmental liability with other parties. 
 Age-Restricted Products 
 Almost all of our stores sell a variety of age-restricted products, which may include beer, liquor, tobacco and other nicotine products. The sale of these products are subject to significant regulations and require the Company to procure special sales licenses from local and/or state agencies, which govern their sale. While the costs to procure such licenses is not material, the failure to comply with the conditions of the licenses, or other age-restricted products laws, could result in the suspension or revocation of such licenses, or fines related thereto. In addition to these products, the Company is also subject to rules governing lottery and lotto sales as determined by state lottery commissions in each state in which we make such sales. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks described in this report before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of such risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our securities could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations 
 Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by a cyber or data security incident or the failure to protect sensitive guest, Team Member or supplier data, or the failure to comply with applicable regulations relating to data security and privacy. 
 In the normal course of our business, we obtain, are provided and have access to large amounts of personal data, including but not limited to credit and debit card information, personally identifiable information and other data from and about our guests, Team Members, and suppliers. A compromise or a breach in our systems, or another data security or privacy incident that results in the loss, unauthorized release, disclosure or acquisition of such data or information, or other sensitive data or information, or other internal or external cyber or data security threats, including but not limited to viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks and other intentional or unintentional disruptions, could occur and have a material adverse effect on our operations and ability to operate, reputation, operating results and financial condition. In addition, similar events at vendors, third-party service providers or other market participants, whether or not we are directly impacted, could negatively affect our business and supply chain or lead to a general loss of guest confidence, which could result in reduced guest traffic and sales. 
 A data security or privacy incident of any kind could expose us to risk in terms of the loss, unauthorized release, disclosure or acquisition of sensitive guest, Team Member or supplier data, and could result in litigation or other regulatory action being brought against us and damages, monetary and other claims made by or on behalf of the payment card brands, guests, Team Members, shareholders, financial institutions and governmental agencies, or monetary demands or other extortion attempts from cybercriminals. Such events could give rise to substantial monetary damages and/or losses which are not covered, or in some instances fully covered, by our insurance policies and which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Moreover, a data security or privacy incident could require that we expend significant additional resources on mitigation efforts and to further upgrade the security and other measures that we employ to guard against, and respond to, such incidents. 
 Food-safety issues and foodborne illnesses, whether actual or reported, or the failure to comply with applicable regulations relating to the transportation, storage, preparation or service of food, could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 Instances or reports of food-safety issues, such as foodborne illnesses, food tampering, food contamination or mislabeling, either during growing, manufacturing, packaging, transportation, storage, preparation or service, have in the past 
 9 

significantly damaged the reputations and impacted the sales of companies in the food processing, grocery, quick service and fast casual restaurant sectors, and could affect us as well. Any instances of, or reports linking us to, foodborne illnesses or food tampering, contamination, mislabeling or other food-safety issues could damage the value of our brand and severely hurt sales of our prepared or other food products and possibly lead to product liability and personal injury claims, litigation (including class actions), government agency investigations and damages. In addition, guest preferences and store traffic could be adversely impacted by food-safety issues, health concerns or negative publicity about the consumption of our products, which could damage our reputation and cause a decline in demand for those products and adversely impact our sales. In addition, we rely on our suppliers to provide quality ingredients and to comply with applicable food and food safety laws and industry standards. A failure of one of our suppliers to comply with such laws, to meet our quality standards, or to meet food industry standards, could also disrupt our supply chain, damage our reputation and adversely impact our sales. 
 We may be adversely impacted by increases in the cost of food ingredients and other related costs 
 Our business is exposed to fluctuations in prices of commodities. Any increase in the cost or sustained high levels of the cost of cheese, proteins or other commodities could adversely affect the profitability of stores, particularly if we are unable to increase the retail price of our products to offset such costs. We have recently experienced inflation in the price of commodities, including food ingredients, which has increased our cost of goods sold. Cheese, representing our largest food cost, and other commodities can be subject to significant cost fluctuations due to weather, availability, global demand and other factors that are beyond our control. Additionally, increases in labor, mileage, insurance, fuel, and other costs could adversely affect the profitability of our stores. Many of these factors are beyond our control, and we may not be able to adequately mitigate these costs or pass along these costs to our customers, given the significant competitive pricing in our industry. 
 A significant disruption to our distribution network, to the capacity of the distribution centers, or timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact our sales or increase our transaction costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We rely on our distribution and transportation network, which includes our drivers and distribution center Team Members, and the networks of our vendors and direct store delivery partners, to provide products to our distribution centers and stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Any disruption, unanticipated or unusual expense or operational failure related to this process, including our inability, or that of our delivery partners, to hire and/or retain enough qualified drivers and distribution center Team Members to meet demand, could affect our store operations negatively. 
 We also depend on regular deliveries of products from third-parties to and from our facilities and stores that meet our specifications. In addition, we may have a single supplier or limited number of suppliers for certain products. While we believe there are adequate reserve quantities and alternative suppliers available, shortages or interruptions in the receipt or supply of products caused by unanticipated or changing demand, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, problems in production or distribution, financial or other difficulties of suppliers, cyber-related events, social unrest, inclement weather or other economic conditions, including the availability of qualified drivers and distribution center Team Members, could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of products, and our operating results. 
 We could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties in, or are unable to recruit, hire or retain, members of our leadership team and other distribution, field and store Team Members. 
 We are dependent on the continued knowledge and efforts of our leadership team and other key Team Members. If, for any reason, our leadership team does not continue to be active in management, or we lose such persons, or other key Team Members, or we fail to identify and/or recruit for current or future leadership positions, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We also rely on our ability to recruit, hire and retain qualified drivers, distribution center Team Members, field management and store Team Members. Recent difficulties and shortages in the general labor market for such individuals, in particular hourly Team Members and drivers, and the failure to continue to attract and retain these individuals, especially at reasonable compensation levels in the current rising wage environment, could have a material adverse effect on the operation of individual stores, distribution network, our business and results of operations. 
 Any failure to anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences, or to introduce and promote innovative technology for guest interaction, could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our continued success depends on our ability to remain relevant with respect to consumer needs and wants, attitudes toward our industry, and our guests preferences for ways of doing business with us, particularly with respect to digital engagement, contactless delivery, curbside pick-up and other non-traditional ordering and delivery platforms. We must continually work to develop, produce and market new products, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands, offer a favorable mix of products, and refine our approach as to how and where we market, sell and deliver our products. This risk is compounded by the increasing use of digital media by consumers and the speed by which information and opinions are shared. 
 10 

Further, changes in consumer preferences, trends or perceptions of certain items we sell, or the ingredients therein, could cause consumers to avoid such items in favor of those that are or are perceived as healthier, lower-calorie, or lower in carbohydrates or otherwise based on their ingredients or nutritional content. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to sudden challenges that we may face in the marketplace, trends in the market for our products and changing consumer demands and sentiment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on our information technology systems, and a number of third-party software providers, to manage numerous aspects of our business, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business. 
 We are dependent on our information technology (IT) systems, and a large number of third-party software providers and platforms, to manage and operate numerous aspects of our business, develop our financial statements, provide analytical information to management and serve as a platform for our business continuity plan. Our IT systems, and the software and other technology platforms provided by our vendors and other third-parties, are an essential component of our business operations and growth strategies, and a serious disruption to any of these could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently. These systems are vulnerable to, among other things, damage and interruption, computer system and network failures, loss of telecommunications services, physical and electronic loss of, or loss of access to, data and information, security breaches or other security or cyber-related incidents, computer viruses or attacks and obsolescence. Any disruption could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and cause our operating results to be reduced. 
 Increased credit card expenses could lead to higher operating expenses and other costs for the Company. 
 A significant percentage of our sales are made with credit cards. Because the interchange and other fees we pay when credit cards are used to make purchases, which the Company has little control over, are based on transaction amounts, higher fuel prices at the pump, including record fuel prices that were seen in recent years, higher gallon movement and other increases in price and sales of fuel and other items we sell in our stores directly result in higher credit card expenses. These additional fees directly increase operating expenses. Higher operating expenses that result from higher credit card fees may decrease our overall profit and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Total credit card fees paid in fiscal 2023 and 2022 exceeded 200 million. For fiscal 2021, total credit card fees paid were approximately 150 million. 
 In addition, credit card providers now mandate that any fraudulent activity and related losses at fuel dispensers that do not accept certain chip technology (referred to as EMV) be borne by the retailers accepting those cards. While the Company has invested, and will continue to invest, a significant amount of resources in upgrading its fuel dispensers to accept EMV, and has implemented other fraud mitigation strategies, not all of its fuel dispensers have, or in the near future may, be upgraded to such technology. As such, it is possible that credit card providers could attempt to pass the costs of certain fraudulent activity at the non-upgraded dispensers to the Company, which if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations present hazards and risks which may not be fully covered by insurance, if insured. 
 The scope and nature of our operations present a variety of operational hazards and risks that must be managed through continual oversight and control. As protection against hazards and risks, we maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from such risks. Uninsured or underinsured losses and liabilities from operating risks could reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse impact on the results of operations. 
 The dangers inherent in the storage and transport of fuel could cause disruptions and could expose to us potentially significant losses, costs or liabilities. 
 We store fuel in storage tanks at our retail locations. Additionally, a significant portion of fuel is transported in our own trucks, instead of by third-party carriers. Our operations are subject to significant hazards and risks inherent in transporting and storing motor fuel. These hazards and risks include, but are not limited to, fires, explosions, traffic accidents, spills, discharges and other releases, any of which could result in distribution difficulties and disruptions, environmental pollution, governmentally-imposed fines or clean-up obligations, personal injury or wrongful death claims and other damage to our properties and the properties of others. As a result, any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Consumer or other litigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our retail operations are characterized by a high volume of guest traffic and by transactions involving a wide array of product selections, including prepared food. Retail operations, and in particular our distribution and food-related operations, carry a higher exposure to consumer litigation risk when compared to the operations of companies operating in many other industries. Consequently, we may become a party to personal injury, food safety, product liability, accessibility, data security and privacy and other legal actions in the ordinary course of our business. While these actions are generally routine in nature, 
 11 

incidental to the operation of our business and immaterial in scope, if our assessment of any action or actions should prove inaccurate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, we are occasionally exposed to industry-wide or class-action claims arising from the products we carry, industry-specific business practices or other operational matters, including wage-and-hour and other employment related individual and class-action claims. Our defense costs and any resulting damage awards or settlement amounts may be significant and not be covered, or in some instances fully covered, by our insurance policies. Thus, an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial position, liquidity and results of operations. 
 Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, responsive actions taken by governments and others to mitigate their spread, and guest behavior in response to these events, have, and may in the future, adversely affect our business operations, supply chain and financial results. 
 Pandemics or disease outbreaks such as COVID-19 and its variants (collectively, COVID-19 have had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on the Company s business. These include, but are not limited to, decreased store traffic and changed guest behavior, decreased demand for our fuel, prepared food and other convenience offerings, decreased or slowed unit/store growth, issues with our supply chain including difficulties delivering products to our stores and obtaining certain items sold at our stores, issues with respect to our Team Members health, working hours and/or ability to perform their duties, and increased costs to the Company in response to these conditions and to protect the health and safety of our Team Members and guests. 
 In addition, the general economic and other impacts related to responsive actions taken by governments and others to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, or in the future other pandemics or disease outbreaks, including but not limited to stay-at-home, shelter-in-place and other travel restrictions, social distancing requirements, mask mandates, limitations on certain businesses hours and operations, limits on public gatherings and other events, and restrictions on what, and in certain cases how, certain products can be sold and offered to our guests, have, and may continue to, result in similar declines in store traffic and overall demand, increased operating costs, and decreased or slower unit/store growth. Further, although the Company s business was deemed an essential service by many public authorities throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, allowing our operations to continue (in some cases in a modified manner), there are no guarantees the designation will continue, or be applied during a future pandemic or COVID-19 outbreak, which would require us to reduce our operations and potentially close stores for an undetermined period of time. 
 Covenants in our Senior Notes and credit facility agreements require us to comply with certain covenants and meet financial maintenance tests. Failure to comply with these requirements could have a material impact to us. 
 We are required to comply with certain financial and non-financial covenants under our existing Senior Notes and credit facility agreements. A breach of any covenant, even if unintentional, could result in a default under such agreements, which could, if not timely cured, permit lenders to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable, and to terminate such instruments, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Risks Related to Governmental Actions, Regulations, and Oversight 
 Compliance with and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance. 
 We are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including but not limited to state and federal income taxes, indirect taxes (excise, sales/use, and gross receipts taxes), payroll taxes, property taxes, and tobacco taxes. Tax laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed, new administrations are elected and new interpretations of existing laws are issued and applied. In addition, as the federal government and certain states face economic and other pressures, they may seek revenue in the form of additional income, sales and other taxes and related fees. These activities could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. Many of these liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authorities. Subsequent changes to our tax liabilities as a result of these audits may subject us to interest and penalties. 
 We are subject to extensive governmental regulations. 
 Our business is subject to extensive governmental laws and regulations that include, but are not limited to, those relating to environmental protection and remediation; the preparation, transportation, storage, sale and labeling of food; minimum wage, overtime and other employment and labor laws and regulations; the Americans with Disabilities Act; legal restrictions on the sale of alcohol, tobacco and nicotine products, money orders, lottery/lotto and other age-restricted products; compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards and similar requirements; compliance with the Federal Motor Carriers Safety Administration regulations; and, securities laws and Nasdaq listing standards. These, and other laws and regulations, are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed, new interpretations of existing laws are issued and applied and as 
 12 

political administrations and majorities change over time. The effects created by these, including the costs of compliance with these laws and regulations, is substantial, and a violation of or change in such laws and/or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 State laws regulate the sale of alcohol, tobacco and nicotine products, lottery/lotto products and other age-restricted products. A violation or change of these laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations because state and local regulatory agencies have the power to approve, revoke, suspend, or deny applications for and renewals of permits and licenses relating to the sale of certain of these products or to seek other remedies. 
 Any appreciable increase in wages, overtime pay, or the statutory minimum salary requirements, minimum wage rate, mandatory scheduling or scheduling notification laws, or the adoption of additional mandated healthcare or paid-time-off benefits would result in an increase in our labor costs. For example, recent state-mandated minimum wage increases, along with general labor market shortages and wage pressures, have increased our operating expenses significantly. Such cost increases, or the penalties for failing to comply, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. State or federal lawmakers or regulators may also enact new laws or regulations applicable to us that may have a material adverse and potentially disparate impact on our business. 
 Governmental action and campaigns to discourage tobacco and nicotine use and other tobacco products may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and gross profit. 
 Congress has given the Food and Drug Administration FDA broad authority to regulate tobacco and nicotine products, including e-cigarettes and vapor products, and the FDA has enacted numerous regulations restricting the sale of such products. These governmental actions, as well as national, state and local campaigns and regulations to discourage tobacco and nicotine use and limit the sale of such products, including but not limited to tax increases related to such products and certain actions taken to increase the minimum age in order to purchase such products, have resulted or may in the future result in, reduced industry volume and consumption levels, and could materially affect the retail price of cigarettes, unit volume and revenues, gross profit, and overall guest traffic, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Wholesale cost and tax increases relating to tobacco and nicotine products could affect our operating results. 
 Sales of tobacco and nicotine products have averaged approximately 10 of our total revenue over the past three fiscal years, and our tobacco and nicotine revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) accounted for approximately 9 of the total revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) for the same period. Any significant increases in wholesale cigarette and related product costs or tax increases on tobacco or nicotine products may have a materially adverse effect on unit demand for cigarettes (or related products). Currently, major cigarette and tobacco and nicotine manufacturers offer significant rebates to retailers, although there can be no assurance that such rebate programs will continue. We include these rebates as a component of cost of goods sold, which affects our gross margin from sales of cigarettes and related products. In the event these rebates are no longer offered or decreased, our wholesale cigarette and related product costs will increase accordingly. In general, we attempt to pass price increases on to our guests. Due to competitive pressures in our markets, however, we may not always be able to do so. These factors could adversely affect our retail price of cigarettes and related products, cigarette or related product unit volume and revenues, merchandise revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization), and overall guest traffic, and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 General economic and political conditions that are largely out of the Company s control may adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 General economic and political conditions, including social and political causes and movements, higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, inflation, increases or fluctuations in commodity prices such as cheese and coffee, higher levels of unemployment, unemployment benefits and related stimulus provided as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic (including the rollback of certain payment relief programs introduced during the pandemic such as delayed or deferred rent, student loan payments, etc.), higher consumer debt levels and lower consumer discretionary spending, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws or other economic factors may affect the operations of our stores, input costs, consumer spending, buying habits and labor markets generally, and could adversely affect the discretionary income and spending levels of our guests, the costs of the products we sell in our stores, the consumer demand for such products and the labor costs of transporting, storing and selling those products. For example, the recent conflict in Ukraine has resulted in historically high oil and other commodity prices, which, coupled with a recent period of high inflation, has significantly increased the cost of fuel and other products we sell. These events and their impacts can be unpredictable, and we may not always be able to recapture these higher input costs through pricing strategies or otherwise. In addition, unfavorable economic conditions, especially those affecting the agricultural industry, higher fuel prices, and unemployment levels can affect consumer confidence, spending patterns, and miles driven, and 
 13 

can cause guests to trade down to lower priced products in certain categories when these conditions exist. These factors can lead to sales declines, and in turn have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Developments related to fuel efficiency, fuel conservation practices, climate change, and changing consumer preferences may decrease the demand for motor fuel. 
 Technological advances and consumer behavior in reducing fuel use, governmental mandates to improve fuel efficiency and consumer desire or regulations to lower carbon emissions could lessen the demand for our largest revenue product, petroleum-based motor fuel, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. Changes in our climate, including the effects of carbon emissions in the environment, may lessen demand for fuel or lead to additional government regulation. In addition, a shift toward electric, hydrogen, natural gas or other alternative fuel-powered vehicles, including driverless motor vehicles, could fundamentally change the shopping and driving habits of our guests or lead to new forms of fueling destinations or new competitive pressures. Any of these outcomes could potentially result in fewer guest visits to our stores, decreases in sales revenue across all categories or lower profit margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable weather conditions can adversely affect our business. 
 The vast majority of our stores are located in the Midwest region of the United States, which is susceptible to tornadoes, thunderstorms, extended periods of rain or unseasonably cold temperatures, flooding, ice storms, and heavy snow. Inclement weather conditions could damage our facilities or could have a significant impact on consumer behavior, travel, and convenience store traffic patterns as well as our ability to operate our locations. In addition, we typically generate higher revenues and gross margins during warmer weather months, which fall within our first and second fiscal quarters. When weather conditions are not favorable during a particular period, our operating results and cash flow from operations could be adversely affected. 
 The volatility of wholesale petroleum costs could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our net income is significantly affected by changes in the margins we receive on our retail fuel sales. Over the past three fiscal years, on average our fuel revenues accounted for approximately 63 of total revenue and our fuel revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) accounted for approximately 34 of the total revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization). Crude oil and domestic wholesale petroleum markets are currently, and in the recent past have been, marked by significant volatility, starting with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects and more recently with the conflict in Ukraine. General political conditions, threatened or actual acts of war or terrorism, instability or other changes in oil producing regions, historically in the Middle East and South America but recently in Europe with the conflict in Ukraine, and trade, economic or other disagreements between oil producing nations, can, and recently have, significantly affected crude oil supplies and wholesale petroleum costs. In addition, the supply of fuel and wholesale purchase costs could be adversely affected in the event of a shortage, which could result from, among other things, severe weather events in oil producing regions, the lack of capacity at United States oil refineries or, in our case, the level of fuel contracts that we have that guarantee an uninterrupted, unlimited supply of fuel. Increases in the retail price of petroleum products have resulted and could in the future adversely affect consumer demand for fuel and other discretionary purchases. This volatility makes it difficult to predict the impact that future wholesale cost fluctuations will have on our operating results and financial condition in future periods. Any significant change in one or more of these factors could materially affect the number of fuel gallons sold, fuel revenue less cost of goods sold excluding depreciation and amortization and overall guest traffic, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The convenience store industry is highly competitive. 
 The convenience store and retail fuel industries in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by ease of entry and constant change in the number and type of retailers offering the products and services found in our stores. We compete with many other convenience store chains, gasoline stations, supermarkets, drugstores, discount stores, club stores, fast food outlets, and mass merchants, and a variety of other retail companies, including retail gasoline companies that have more extensive retail outlets, greater brand name recognition and more established fuel supply arrangements. Several non-traditional retailers such as supermarkets, club stores, and mass merchants have affected the convenience store industry by entering the retail fuel business and have obtained a share of the fuels market. Certain of these non-traditional retailers may use more extensive promotional pricing or discounts, both at the fuel pump and in the store, to encourage in-store merchandise sales and gasoline sales. In some of our markets, our competitors have been in existence longer and have greater financial, marketing, and other resources than we do. As a result, our competitors may have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in our industry and may be able to respond better to changes in the economy and new opportunities within the industry, including those related to electric vehicle charging stations. This intense competition could adversely affect our revenues and profitability and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 14 

Risks Related to Our Growth Strategies 
 We may not be able to identify, acquire, and integrate new properties and stores, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 
 An important part of our growth strategy has been to purchase properties on which to build our stores, and in other instances, acquire other convenience stores that complement our existing stores or broaden our geographic presence. We expect to continue pursuing acquisition opportunities, which involve risks that could cause our actual growth or operating results to differ materially from our expectations or the expectations of our shareholders and securities analysts. These risks include, but are not limited to, the inability to identify and acquire suitable sites at advantageous prices; competition in targeted market areas; difficulties in obtaining favorable financing for larger acquisitions or construction projects; difficulties during the acquisition process in discovering some of the liabilities of the businesses that we acquire; difficulties associated with our existing financial controls, information systems, management resources and human resources needed to support our future growth; difficulties with hiring, training and retaining skilled personnel; difficulties in adapting distribution and other operational and management systems to an expanded network of stores; difficulties in adopting, adapting to or changing the business practices, models or processes of stores or chains we acquire; difficulties in obtaining governmental and other third-party consents, permits and licenses needed to operate additional stores; difficulties in obtaining the cost savings and financial improvements we anticipate from future acquired stores; the potential diversion of our management s attention from focusing on our core business due to an increased focus on acquisitions; and, challenges associated with the consummation and integration of any future acquisition. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 The market price for our common stock has been and may in the future be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline. 
 Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility could significantly affect the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, the price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to these, and other factors: a deviation in our results from the expectations of public market analysts and investors; statements by research analysts about our common stock, company, or industry; changes in market valuations of companies in our industry and market evaluations of our industry generally; additions or departures of key personnel; actions taken by our competitors; sales or repurchases of common stock by the Company or other affiliates; and, other general economic, political, or market conditions, many of which are beyond our control. 
 The market price of our common stock will also be affected by our quarterly operating results and same store sales results, which may be expected to fluctuate. Some of the factors that may affect our quarterly results and same store sales include general, regional, and national economic conditions; competition; unexpected costs; changes in retail pricing, consumer trends, and the number of stores we open and/or close during any given period; and the costs of compliance with corporate governance and other legal requirements. Other factors are discussed throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You may not be able to resell your shares of our common stock at or above the price you pay. 
 Any issuance of shares of our common stock in the future could have a dilutive effect on your investment. 
 We could issue additional shares for investment, acquisition, or other business purposes. Even if there is not an immediate need for capital, we may choose to issue securities to sell in public or private equity markets, if and when conditions are favorable. Raising funds by issuing securities would dilute the ownership interests of our existing shareholders. Additionally, certain types of equity securities we may issue in the future could have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of existing holders of our common stock. 
 Iowa law and provisions in our charter documents may have the effect of preventing or hindering a change in control and adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. 
 Our articles of incorporation give the Company s board of directors the authority to issue up to one million shares of preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences of the preferred stock without obtaining shareholder approval. The existence of this preferred stock could make it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a tender offer, merger, proxy contest, or otherwise. Furthermore, this preferred stock could be issued with other rights, including economic rights, senior to our common stock, thereby having a potentially adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 In addition, provisions of Iowa corporate law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or remove our directors by means of a proxy contest, even if doing so would be beneficial to our shareholders. For example, the Iowa Business Corporation Act (the Act prohibits publicly held Iowa corporations to which it applies from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person 
 15 

became an interested shareholder unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Further, the Act permits a board of directors, in the context of a takeover proposal, to consider not only the effect of a proposed transaction on shareholders, but also on a corporation s Team Members, suppliers, guests, creditors, and on the communities in which the corporation operates. These provisions could discourage others from bidding for our shares and could, as a result, reduce the likelihood of an increase in our stock price that would otherwise occur if a bidder sought to buy our stock. 
 We may, in the future, adopt other measures (such as a shareholder rights plan or poison pill that could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing an unsolicited takeover, even if such a change in control were at a premium price or favored by a majority of unaffiliated shareholders. These measures may be adopted without any further vote or action by our shareholders. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We own the Store Support Center (built in 1990) and all three distribution centers. Located on an approximately 57-acre site in Ankeny, Iowa, the Store Support Center includes office space and our first distribution center. The Store Support Center provides approximately 490,000 square feet of available space, including approximately 290,000 square feet related to the distribution center. We also own a building near the Store Support Center where our construction and support services departments operate. In February 2016, we opened our second distribution center, located in Terre Haute, Indiana. This second distribution center has approximately 340,000 square feet of total space. In April 2021, we opened a third distribution center located in Joplin, Missouri (see Note 7 for discussion of ownership structure). The third distribution center provides approximately 300,000 square feet of total space. All three distribution centers have a fleet services maintenance center. 
 On April 30, 2023, we leased a combination of land and/or building at 121 locations. Most of the leases provide for the payment of a fixed rent plus property taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs. Generally, the leases are for terms of ten to twenty years with options to renew for additional periods or options to purchase the leased premises at the end of the lease period. The Company owns the land and building at all of our other store locations. Additionally, the Company regularly has land held for development, land under construction for new stores, and land held for sale as a result of store closures. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information required to be set forth under this heading is incorporated by reference from Note 10, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Common Stock 
 Casey s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CASY. The 37,263,248 shares of common stock outstanding at April 30, 2023 had a market value of approximately 8.5 billion. On that date, there were 1,620 shareholders of record. 
 Common Stock Market Prices 
 Calendar 2021 High Low Calendar 2022 High Low Calendar 2023 High Low Q1 221.29 175.02 Q1 202.50 170.82 Q1 236.45 202.13 Q2 229.18 192.33 Q2 216.40 181.40 Q3 208.19 185.96 Q3 223.90 183.23 Q4 203.72 181.25 Q4 249.90 197.61 
 Dividends 
 We began paying cash dividends during fiscal 1991. The dividends declared in fiscal 2023 totaled 1.52 per share. The dividends declared in fiscal 2022 totaled 1.39 per share. At its June meeting, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.43 per share payable August 15, 2023, to shareholders of record on August 1, 2023. 
 The cash dividends declared during the calendar years 2021 through 2023 were as follows: Calendar 2021 Cash dividend declared Calendar 2022 Cash dividend declared Calendar 2023 Cash dividend declared Q1 0.340 Q1 0.350 Q1 0.380 Q2 0.340 Q2 0.380 Q2 0.430 Q3 0.350 Q3 0.380 Q4 0.350 Q4 0.380 1.380 1.490 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to the Company's repurchases of common stock during the quarter ended April 30, 2023: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) Fourth Quarter: February 1-28, 2023 400,000,000 March 1-31, 2023 400,000,000 April 1-30, 2023 400,000,000 Total 400,000,000 

(1) On, and effective as of, March 3, 2022, the Board authorized a share repurchase program, whereby the Company was authorized to repurchase its outstanding common stock from time-to-time, for an aggregate amount of up to 400 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million, exclusive of fees, commissions or other expenses (the "Repurchase Program"). The Repurchase Program has no set expiration date. The timing and number of repurchase transactions under the Repurchase Program depends on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, market conditions, corporate considerations, business opportunities, debt agreements, and regulatory requirements. The Repurchase Program can be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars and gallons in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Please read the following discussion of the Company s financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the selected historical consolidated financial data and consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes presented elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 As of April 30, 2023, Casey s General Stores, Inc. and its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries operate convenience stores primarily under the names "Casey's" and "Casey s General Store" (collectively, with the stores below referenced as "GoodStop", "Bucky's" or "Minit Mart", referred to as "Casey's" or the "Company") throughout 16 states, primarily in Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois. On April 30, 2023, there were a total of 2,521 stores in operation. 
 All convenience stores carry a broad selection of food items (including, but not limited to, freshly prepared foods such as regular and breakfast pizza, donuts, hot breakfast items, and hot and cold sandwiches), beverages, tobacco and nicotine products, health and beauty aids, automotive products, and other nonfood items. As of April 30, 2023, 217 store locations offered car washes. In addition, all but seven store locations offer fuel for sale on a self-service basis. 
 During the prior fiscal year, the Company introduced certain stores branded or rebranded as "GoodStop (by Casey s)". Similar to most of our store footprint, the "GoodStop" locations offer fuel for sale on a self-serve basis, and a broad selection of snacks, beverages, tobacco products, and other essentials. However, these locations typically do not have a kitchen and have limited prepared food offerings. As of April 30, 2023, 43 stores operate under the "GoodStop" brand. 
 The Company is also temporarily operating certain locations acquired from Buchanan Energy during the prior fiscal year under the name "Bucky's" and certain locations acquired from Minit Mart LLC during the current fiscal year under the name "Minit Mart." The Company is in the process of transitioning all "Bucky's" and "Minit Mart" locations to either the "Casey's" or "GoodStop" brand. These locations typically have similar offerings to the "Casey s" or "GoodStop" branded stores. 
 The Company has 76 dealer locations, where Casey s manages fuel wholesale supply agreements to these stores. These locations are not operated by Casey's and are not included in our overall store count in the paragraph below. Approximately 1 of total revenue for the year-ended April 30, 2023 relates to this dealer network 
 Approximately 50 of all Casey s were opened in areas with populations of fewer than 5,000 people, while approximately 26 of all stores were opened in communities with populations of more than 20,000 persons. CMC operates three distribution centers, through which certain grocery and general merchandise, and prepared food and dispensed beverage items, are supplied to our stores. One is adjacent to the Store Support Center facility in Ankeny, Iowa. The other two distribution centers are located in Terre Haute, Indiana (opened in February 2016) and Joplin, Missouri (opened in April 2021). At April 30, 2023, the Company leased the combination of land and/or building at 121 locations. 
 The Company s business is seasonal, and generally experiences higher sales and profitability during the first and second fiscal quarters (May-October), when guests tend to purchase greater quantities of fuel and certain convenience items such as beer, sports drinks, water, soft drinks and ice. 
 The following table represents the roll forward of store growth throughout fiscal 2023: 
 Store Count Stores at April 30, 2022 2,452 New store construction 34 Acquisitions 47 Acquisitions not opened (4) Prior acquisitions opened 2 Closed (10) Stores at April 30, 2023 2,521 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions in the table above include, in part, 26 stores which were acquired from Minit Mart LLC in April 2023. For additional discussion, refer to Note 2 in the consolidated financial statements. 
 For further general descriptive information on the Company s business and operations, see Item 1, above, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Long-Term Strategic Plan 
 The Company announced a three-year strategic plan in January 2020 focused on four strategic objectives: reinvent hospitality and the guest experience; be where the guest is by accelerating unit growth; create capacity through best-in- class efficiencies; and, invest in our people and culture. The Company's plan was based on building on our proud heritage and distinct advantages to become more contemporary through new capabilities, technology, data, and processes. We believe this will best position the Company to address rapidly evolving shifts in consumer habits and other macro retail trends. 
 The Company closed out its strategic plan at the end of the fiscal year. Some of the key highlights from this past fiscal year include: 
 Grew our store count through new store construction and a number of strategic acquisitions 
 Diluted EPS of 11.91, up 30.8 over the prior year 
 Private label penetration in the grocery and general merchandise category was over 9 on both units and gross profit for the year 
 Casey's Rewards members grew to 6.4 million at year-end 
 COVID-19 and Related Impacts 
 The onset of COVID-19 caused a significant decrease in store traffic across our entire footprint. While store traffic has markedly increased as the economy reopened over the past two or so years, the Company has not seen a full return to store traffic levels experienced prior to the pandemic. The Company believes this is largely contributed to by the increased prevalence and acceptance across all industries of working from home, a trend which the Company expects to continue into the foreseeable future. 
 While the ongoing impacts of COVID-19, in particular those related to governmental actions in response thereto, and those mentioned immediately above, will continue to bring challenges to our operating environment, we believe that our resilient business model and the strength of our brand and balance sheet position us well to navigate the impacts. 
 Fuel Volatility 
 Since early calendar 2020, the price of crude oil, and in turn the wholesale cost of fuel, has been volatile compared to historical averages. Initially, at the outset of the pandemic, oil and fuel prices fell dramatically; however, as the economy in general began to emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic, prices began to modestly increase over time. More recently, during the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year, oil and fuel prices saw a quick and dramatic increase, in part, as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, as well as other macroeconomic conditions, which also directly impacts the retail price of fuel that we sell at our stores. Generally, oil and fuel prices have decreased from levels seen throughout the past two years, but they remain elevated compared to historical levels. The Company expects these comparatively higher prices to remain into the 2024 fiscal year. 
 In addition, during the past three calendar years, the Company, and the retail fuel industry as a whole, has experienced historically high average revenue less cost of goods sold per gallon (excluding depreciation and amortization). Although this has remained relatively consistent since that time, on a longer-term basis, this metric can fluctuate significantly, and sometimes unpredictably, in the short-term. While the Company believes that its average revenue less cost of goods sold per gallon (excluding depreciation and amortization) will remain elevated from historical levels for the foreseeable future, it is possible that increased oil and fuel prices, rising interest rates, macroeconomic conditions and/or continuing conflicts or disruptions involving oil producing countries may materially impact the performance of this metric. 
 Electric Vehicles and Renewable Fuels 
 Casey's continues its process of developing a robust electric vehicle ("EV") strategy and our management team remains committed to understanding if and how the increased demand for, and usage of, EVs impacts consumer behavior across our store footprint and beyond. As consumer demand for alternative fuel options continues to grow, Casey s has continued to add EV charging stations across our 16-state footprint. The Company has installed 138 charging stations at 29 stores, across 10 states. Our installation strategy is currently designed to selectively increase our charging stations at locations within our region where we see higher levels of consumer EV buying trends and demand for EV charging. To date, consumer EV demand within our Midwest footprint has been comparatively lower than the levels along the coasts. As EV demand from our guests increases, we are prepared to strategically integrate charging station options at select stores. 
 The Company also remains committed to offering renewable fuel options at our stores and continues to expand its alternative fuel options in response to evolving guest needs and as part of its environmental stewardship efforts. Currently, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 almost all of our stores offer fuel with at least 10 of blended ethanol and 43 of our stores offer biodiesel. Every new store has the capability to sell higher blended ethanol, and we aim to continue growing sales of renewable fuels throughout our footprint 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 
 Total revenue for fiscal 2023 increased 16.5 2,141,881) to 15,094,475. Total revenue was impacted favorably by operating 69 more stores than a year ago, elevated retail fuel prices, and strategic retail price adjustments. Retail fuel sales for the fiscal year were 10,027,310, an increase of 20.6 primarily due to a 16.5 increase in the average price of fuel. Fuel gallons sold increased 3.6 to 2.7 billion gallons, which increased fuel revenue by an additional 349,451. Grocery and general merchandise revenue for the fiscal year was 3,445,777, an increase of 9.7 due to strong sales of packaged beverages, snacks, and candy. Prepared food and dispensed beverage revenue increased 9.8 to 1,322,560 due to increased sales of pizza slices, whole pies, and donuts. 
 Total revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) was 20.4 for fiscal 2023 compared with 21.3 for the prior year. Fuel cents per gallon increased to 40.2 cents in fiscal 2023 from 36.0 cents in fiscal 2022. The grocery and general merchandise revenue less related cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) increased to 33.6 from 32.7 during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Grocery and general merchandise revenue less related cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was positively impacted by mix shift to higher margin items like energy drinks, candy, and private label products, as well as retail price adjustments, offset by inflationary pressures. The prepared food and dispensed beverage revenue less related cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) decreased to 56.6 from 59.2 during fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher ingredient costs, notably cheese, and higher levels of stales, which were partially offset by retail price adjustments. 
 Operating expenses increased 8.1 158,469) in fiscal 2023. A one-time payment of 15,297 was received from the resolution of a legal matter, which reduced operating expenses by approximately 1 . Approximately 3 of the increase is due to operating 69 more stores than a year ago. Approximately 2 of the increase was related to same-store operations. One percent of the increase was related to same-store credit card fees driven by higher retail fuel prices, retail price adjustments and strong inside sales. Approximately 1 of the change is related to an increase in variable incentive compensation due to strong financial performance. Same-store employee expense was flat as the increase in employee wage rate was offset by a 2 reduction in same-store labor hours. The majority of all operating expenses are wages and wage-related costs. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 3.2 9,590) to 313,131 in fiscal 2023 from 303,541 in fiscal 2022. The increase was due primarily to acquisitions and capital expenditures made in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, offset by a decrease in accelerated depreciation, which was recorded in the prior year on equipment replaced in remodels. 
 Interest, net decreased 9.1 5,157) to 51,815 in fiscal 2023 from 56,972 in fiscal 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to an increase in interest income due to the increase in cash and cash equivalents and interest rates. 
 The effective tax rate increased to 24.0 in fiscal 2023 from 22.9 in fiscal 2022. The increase in the effective tax rate was driven by a decrease in excess tax benefits recognized on share-based awards and a decrease in favorable permanent differences. 
 Net income increased to 446,691 in fiscal 2023 from 339,790 in fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to higher profitability both inside the store and in fuel. This increase was partially offset by higher operating expenses, depreciation and amortization, and income tax expense. See discussion in the paragraphs above for the primary drivers for each of these increases. 
 Please refer to the Form 10-K related to the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, filed on June 24, 2022, for comparison of Fiscal 2022 to Fiscal 2021. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 COMPANY TOTAL REVENUE AND REVENUE LESS COST OF GOODS SOLD (EXCLUDING DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION) BY CATEGORY 
 
 Years ended April 30, 2023 2022 2021 Total revenue by category Fuel 10,027,310 8,312,038 4,825,466 Grocery and general merchandise 3,445,777 3,141,527 2,724,374 Prepared food and dispensed beverage 1,322,560 1,204,100 1,087,147 Other (1) 298,828 294,929 70,202 15,094,475 12,952,594 8,707,189 Revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) by category Fuel 1,074,913 928,868 761,247 Grocery and general merchandise 1,156,451 1,027,477 872,573 Prepared food and dispensed beverage 748,405 712,352 653,689 Other (1) 92,637 94,017 68,926 3,072,406 2,762,714 2,356,435 
 (1) The 'Other' category historically has primarily consisted of lottery, which is presented net of applicable costs, and car wash. As a result of the Buchanan Energy acquisition in the prior fiscal year, we acquired a dealer network where Casey s manages fuel wholesale supply agreements to these stores. The activity related to this dealer network is included in the 'Other' category and is presented gross of applicable costs. 
 INDIVIDUAL STORE COMPARISONS (1) 
 
 Years ended April 30, 2023 2022 2021 Average retail sales 6,064 5,206 3,894 Average retail inside sales (2) 1,956 1,840 1,720 Average revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) on inside sales (2) 752 723 655 Average retail sales of fuel 4,110 3,366 2,174 Average revenue less cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization) on fuel 450 363 338 Average operating income (3) 445 367 338 Average number of gallons sold 1,092 1,047 981 
 
 (1) Individual store comparisons include only those stores that had been in operation for at least one full year and remained open on April 30 of the fiscal year indicated. 
 (2) Inside sales is comprised of sales related to the grocery and general merchandise and prepared food and dispensed beverage categories. 
 (3) Average operating income represents retail sales less cost of goods sold, operating expenses and depreciation and amortization attributable to a particular store; it excludes interest, federal and state income taxes, and Company operating expenses not attributable to a particular store. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 SAME STORE SALES BY CATEGORY (1) 
 Years ended April 30, 2023 2022 2021 Fuel gallons (0.8) 4.4 (8.1) Grocery and general merchandise (2) 6.3 6.3 6.6 Prepared food and dispensed beverage (2) 7.1 7.4 (2.1) 
 
 (1) Same-store sales is a common metric used in the convenience store industry. We define same-store sales as the total sales increase (or decrease) for stores open during the full time of the periods being presented. The store must be open for each entire fiscal year being compared. Remodeled stores that remained open or were closed for just a very brief period of time (less than a week) during the period being compared remain in the same store sales comparison. If a store is replaced, either at the same location (razed and rebuilt) or relocated to a new location, it is removed from the comparison until the new store has been open for each entire period being compared. Newly constructed and acquired stores do not enter the calculation until they are open for each entire period being compared as well. 
 (2) The increase in grocery and general merchandise same-store sales was primarily due to strong sales of packaged beverages, snacks and candy. The increase in prepared food and dispensed beverage same-store sales was attributable to improved sales in pizza slices, whole pies, and donuts. Both categories were also impacted favorably by strategic retail price adjustments. 
 Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 We define EBITDA as net income before net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA further adjusts EBITDA by excluding the gain or loss on disposal of assets as well as impairment charges. Neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA are presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 We believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance because securities analysts and other interested parties use such calculations as a measure of financial performance and debt service capabilities, and they are regularly used by management for internal purposes including our capital budgeting process, evaluating acquisition targets, and assessing store performance. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not recognized terms under GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for net income, cash flows from operating activities or other income or cash flow statement data. These measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We strongly encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. 
 Because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. It therefore may not be possible to compare our use of these non-GAAP financial measures with those used by other companies. 
 The following table contains a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 
 Years ended April 30, 2023 April 30, 2022 Net income 446,691 339,790 Interest, net 51,815 56,972 Depreciation and amortization 313,131 303,541 Federal and state income taxes 140,827 100,938 EBITDA 952,464 801,241 Loss (gain) on disposal of assets and impairment charges 6,871 (1,201) Adjusted EBITDA 959,335 800,040 
 For the year ended April 30, 2023, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA increased 18.9 and 19.9 , respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to higher profitability both inside the store and in fuel, which was partially offset by higher operating expenses due to operating 69 more stores than one year ago, an increase in store operations cost, as well as increased credit card fees resulting from increased revenue. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that management believes are important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective judgments, often because of the need to estimate the effects of inherently uncertain factors. 
 Business Combinations 
 The Company uses the acquisition method of accounting for transactions meeting the definition of a business combination. The acquisitions are recorded in the financial statements by allocating the purchase price to the assets acquired, including intangible assets, and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date as determined by third party appraisals or internal estimates. The more significant assets acquired include buildings, equipment, and land. The Company primarily values buildings and equipment using the cost method and land using comparable land sales. The purchase price is determined based upon the fair value of consideration transferred to the seller. Fair values are typically determined using Level 3 inputs (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements). Given these estimates often are based upon unobservable inputs, the estimates require significant judgment when determining the overall value and actual results could differ from the estimates originally established. The excess of the cost of the acquisition over the net amounts assigned to the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill if the acquisition is considered to be a business combination. During a one-year period from the acquisition date, amounts are allowed to be provisional for areas that are expected to be adjusted to their final amounts during the measurement period. These provisional adjustments are for when the buyer obtains additional information about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. Subsequent adjustments recorded to provisional balances within the measurement period are recorded in the period in which the adjustment is identified. Acquisition-related transaction costs are recognized as period costs as incurred. 
 Inventory 
 Inventories, which consist of merchandise and fuel, are stated at the lower of cost or market. For fuel inventories, cost is determined through the use of the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. For merchandise inventories, cost is determined through the use of the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method. Inventory valued using the LIFO method of inventory requires judgement when making the determination of appropriate indices to be used for determining price level changes. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 The Company monitors closed and underperforming stores for an indication that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent carrying value of the assets exceeds their estimated fair value. Fair value is based on management s estimate of the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants. The estimate is derived from offers, actual sale or disposition of assets subsequent to year-end, and other indications of fair value, which are considered Level 3 inputs (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements). In determining whether an asset is impaired, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets, which for the Company is generally on a store-by-store basis. The Company incurred impairment charges of 3,500 in fiscal 2023, 1,056 in fiscal 2022, and 3,846 in fiscal 2021. Impairment charges are a component of operating expenses. 
 Self-insurance 
 The Company is primarily self-insured for Team Member healthcare, workers compensation, general liability, and automobile claims. The self-insurance claim liability for workers compensation, general liability, and automobile claims is determined actuarially at each year-end based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Actuarial projections of the losses are employed due to the potential of variability in the liability estimates. Some factors affecting the uncertainty of claims include the development time frame, settlement patterns, litigation and adjudication direction, and medical treatment and cost trends. The liability is not discounted. The balances of our self-insurance reserves were 61,168 and 53,752 for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements applicable to the Company. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Due to the nature of our business, cash provided by operations is our primary source of liquidity. The Company finances our inventory purchases primarily from normal trade credit aided by relatively rapid inventory turnover. This turnover allows us to conduct operations without large amounts of cash and working capital. As of April 30, 2023, the Company s ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.99 to 1. The ratio at April 30, 2022 and at April 30, 2021 was 0.80 to 1 and 1.18 to 1, respectively. The increase in the ratio from the prior year is partially attributable to an increase in cash and cash equivalents due to strong free cash flows, and a decrease in payments for acquisitions. 
 We believe our current 850,000 unsecured revolving credit facility, our 25,000 unsecured bank line of credit (subsequent to year-end this increased to 50,000, see discussion in Note 3), current cash and cash equivalents, and the future cash flow from operations will be sufficient to satisfy the working capital needs of our business. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 881,951 for the year ended April 30, 2023, compared to 788,741 for the year ended April 30, 2022. The increase in operating cash flows was partially attributable to an increase in net income adjusted for non-cash reconciling items (depreciation and amortization, amortization of debt issuance costs, stock-based compensation, and loss (gain) on disposal of assets and impairment charges) of approximately 132,873. Refer to Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 on page 21 for further details on the primary driver for these changes. This increase was partially offset by the changes in deferred income taxes and changes in components of assets and liabilities. Cash provided by operations can be impacted by variability in the timing of payments and receipts for certain assets and liabilities, as well as changes in commodity costs year-over-year. The impacts from changes in deferred income taxes decreased by 59,595, attributable to lower accelerated tax depreciation on acquisitions and capital expenditures made in the current fiscal year. Additionally, impacts from accounts payable decreased 175,376 due to higher fuel costs in the prior fiscal year and an effort to better utilize available payment terms introduced in the prior fiscal year. These decreases were partially offset by impacts from changes in income tax balances which increased 56,368, primarily attributable to the timing of tax payments across the last two fiscal years, and impacts from inventories which increased 100,820, attributable to higher fuel costs in the prior year. 
 As shown in the supplemental disclosures to the cash flow, cash paid for taxes increased 40,833, primarily attributable to an increase in taxable income (refer to Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 on page 21 for further details on the primary driver for these changes) during the year as impacts from changes in deferred tax liabilities and income tax receivable were offsetting. 
 Purchases of property and equipment and payments for acquisitions of businesses typically represent the single largest use of Company funds. Management believes that by acquiring, building, and reinvesting in stores, the Company will be better able to respond to competitive challenges and increase operating efficiencies. During fiscal 2023, we expended 562,137 for property and equipment, primarily for construction, acquisition, and remodeling of stores compared with 1,228,113 in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to significant acquisition activity occurring in the prior year (see Note 2 for further discussion). 
 Cash provided by financing decreased 308,513, primarily due to 450,000 in draws on the Company's term loan facility to finance acquisitions in the prior year, offset by prior year prepayments of 167,500 on the Company's term loan facility due to strong free cash flow. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

As of April 30, 2023, we had long-term debt and finance lease obligations consisting of: 
 Finance lease liabilities (Note 7) 95,072 3.67 Senior Notes (Series A) due in 7 installments beginning June 17, 2022, and ending June 15, 2028 135,000 3.75 Senior Notes (Series B) due in 7 installments beginning December 17, 2022 and ending December 18, 2028 45,000 3.65 Senior Notes (Series C) due in 7 installments beginning May 2, 2025 and ending May 2, 2031 50,000 3.72 Senior Notes (Series D) due in 7 installments beginning October 28, 2025 and ending October 28, 2031 50,000 3.51 Senior Notes (Series E) due June 13, 2025 150,000 3.77 Senior Notes (Series F) due August 22, 2028 250,000 2.85 Senior Notes (Series G) due August 7, 2030 325,000 2.96 Senior Notes (Series H) due August 6, 2032 325,000 Variable rate term loan facility, requiring quarterly installments ending April 21, 2028 250,000 Debt issuance costs (1,698) 1,673,374 Less current maturities 52,861 1,620,513 
 Interest on the 3.67 Senior Notes Series A and 3.75 Senior Notes Series B is payable on the 17th day of each June and December. Principal on the Senior Notes Series A and Series B is payable in various installments beginning June 17, 2022 (Series A) and December 17, 2022 (Series B) through December 2028. We may prepay the 3.67 and 3.75 Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time in an amount of not less than 2,000 at a redemption price calculated in accordance with the Note Agreement dated June 17, 2013, as amended, between the Company and the purchasers of the Senior Notes Series A and Series B. 
 Interest on the 3.65 Senior Notes Series C is payable on the 2nd day of each May and November, while the interest on the 3.72 Senior Notes Series D is payable on the 28th day of each April and October. Principal on the Senior Notes Series C and Series D is payable in various installments beginning May 2, 2025 (Series C) and October 28, 2025 (Series D) through October 2031. We may prepay the 3.65 and 3.72 Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time in an amount of not less than 2,000 at a redemption price calculated in accordance with the Note Agreement dated May 2, 2016, as amended, between the Company and the purchasers of the Senior Notes Series C and Series D. 
 Interest on the 3.51 Senior Notes Series E is payable on the 13th day of each June and December, while the interest on the 3.77 Senior Notes Series F is payable on the 22nd day of each February and August. Principal on the Senior Notes Series E and Series F is payable in full on June 13, 2025 (Series E) and August 22, 2028 (Series F), respectively. We may prepay the 3.51 and 3.77 Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time in an amount of not less than 2,000 at a redemption price calculated in accordance with the Note Agreement dated June 13, 2017, as amended, between the Company and the purchasers of the Senior Notes Series E and Series F. 
 Interest on the 2.85 Senior Notes Series G and 2.96 Senior Notes Series H is payable on the 7th day of each February and August. Principal on the Senior Notes Series G and Series H is payable in full on August 7, 2030 (Series G) and August 6, 2032 (Series H), respectively. We may prepay the 2.85 and 2.96 Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time in an amount of not less than 2,000 at a redemption price calculated in accordance with the Note Purchase Agreement dated June 30, 2020, between the Company and the purchasers of the Senior Notes Series G and Series H. 
 During the fourth quarter, the Company refinanced its existing credit agreement (dated January 11, 2019, as amended, by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent) which resulted in its termination and repayment, in full, and entry into a new credit agreement (dated April 21, 2023, by among the lenders thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent) to provide for (a) a 250 million unsecured term loan , and (b) an 850 million unsecured revolving credit facility (collectively, the Credit Facilities ). See Note 3 for additional information related to the Credit Facilities (see Prior Credit Agreement and New Credit Agreement sections). Amounts borrowed under the Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates based upon, at the Company s option, either: (a) either Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, in each case plus 0.10 (with a floor of 0.00 for the interest period in effect, plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.10 to 1.70 or (b) an alternate base rate, which generally equals the highest of (i) the prime 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 commercial lending rate announced by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate , (ii) the federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1.00 , and (iii) Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.00 , each plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.10 to 0.70 and each with a floor of 1.00 . The applicable margins are dependent upon the Company's quarterly Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the credit agreement. We have the right at any time to prepay all or a portion of the outstanding balance without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs with respect to Term SOFR-based borrowings, with prior notice given. 
 To date, we have funded capital expenditures primarily through funds generated from operations, the proceeds of the sale of common stock, issuance of debt or other bank financing, and existing cash. Future capital required to finance operations, improvements, and the anticipated growth in the number of stores is expected to come from cash generated by operations, its 850,000 committed unsecured revolving credit facility, its additional 25,000 unsecured bank line of credit, and additional long-term debt or other securities as circumstances may dictate. We do not expect such capital needs to adversely affect liquidity. 
 The table below presents our significant contractual obligations, including interest, at April 30, 2023: 
 Contractual obligations Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Long-term debt (1) 1,845,788 87,959 329,559 374,706 1,053,564 Finance lease obligations 130,897 12,398 21,502 20,240 76,757 Operating lease obligations 164,321 8,140 16,322 16,086 123,773 Unrecognized tax benefits 10,957 Deferred compensation 12,585 Total 2,164,548 108,497 367,383 411,032 1,254,094 
 (1) The long-term debt portion of the table above excludes interest payments related to the Company's term loan facility, due to the variable nature of the required interest payments. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits relate to uncertain tax positions and since we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time, the related timing of the payment of the balances have not been reflected in the above Payments due by period table. 
 At April 30, 2023, the Company had a total of 10,957 in gross unrecognized tax benefits. Of this amount, 8,656 represents the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. The total amount of accrued interest and penalties for such unrecognized tax benefits was 386 as of April 30, 2023. Interest and penalties related to income taxes are classified as income tax expense in our consolidated statements of income. The federal statute of limitations remains open for the tax years 2019 and forward. Tax years 2013 and forward are subject to audit by state tax authorities depending on open statute of limitations waivers and the tax code of each state. 
 A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and ultimately settled. It is difficult to predict the ultimate outcome or the timing of resolution for uncertain tax positions. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. These changes could result from the expiration of the statute of limitations, examinations or other unforeseen circumstances. The Company has no ongoing federal or state income tax examinations. At this time, management believes it is reasonably possible the aggregate amount of unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by 2,500 within the next 12 months. This expected decrease is due to the expiration of statute of limitations related to certain federal and state income tax filing positions. 
 Included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet at April 30, 2023, was a 11,534 obligation for deferred compensation. Additionally, 756 was recognized in current liabilities as of April 30, 2023 related to deferred compensation. As the specific payment dates for a portion of the deferred compensation outstanding are unknown due to the unknown retirement dates of many of the participants, the related timing of the payment of the balances have not been reflected in the above Payments due by period table. However, known payments of 8,777 will be due during the next 5 years. 
 At April 30, 2023, we were partially self-insured for workers compensation claims in all but two states of our operating territory. In North Dakota and Ohio, we are required to participate in an exclusive, state managed fund for all workers compensation claims. We were also partially self-insured for general liability and auto liability under an agreement that provides for annual stop-loss limits equal to or exceeding 2,000 for auto liability and 1,000 for workers' compensation and general liability. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Form 10-K, including but not limited to the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words may, will, "should," believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, project, continue, and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements represent the Company s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, liquidity and related sources and needs, supply chain, results of operations and performance at our stores, business strategy, strategic plans, growth opportunities, integration of acquisitions, acquisition synergies, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives including our long-term strategic plan, wholesale fuel, inventory and ingredient costs and the potential effects of the conflict in Ukraine and COVID-19 on our business. The Company cautions that these statements are further qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the following risk factors described more completely above in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors : 
 Business Operations; Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by a cyber or data security incident or the failure to protect sensitive guest, Team Member or supplier data, or the failure to comply with applicable regulations relating to data security and privacy; food-safety issues and foodborne illnesses, whether actual or reported, or the failure to comply with applicable regulations relating to the transportation, storage, preparation or service of food, could adversely affect our business and reputation; we may be adversely impacted by increases in the cost of food ingredients and other related costs; a significant disruption to our distribution network, to the capacity of the distribution centers, or timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact our sales or increase our transaction costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business; we could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties in, or are unable to recruit, hire or retain, members of our leadership team and other distribution, field and store Team Members; any failure to anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences, or to introduce and promote innovative technology for guest interaction, could adversely affect our financial results; we rely on our information technology systems, and a number of third-party software providers, to manage numerous aspects of our business, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business; increased credit card expenses could lead to higher operating expenses and other costs for the Company; our operations present hazards and risks which may not be fully covered by insurance, if insured; the dangers inherent in the storage and transport of fuel could cause disruptions and could expose to us potentially significant losses, costs or liabilities; consumer or other litigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, responsive actions taken by governments and others to mitigate their spread, and guest behavior in response to these events, have, and may in the future, adversely affect our business operations, supply chain and financial results; and, covenants in our Senior Notes and credit facility agreements require us to comply with certain covenants and meet financial maintenance tests and the failure to comply with these requirements could have a material impact to us. 
 Governmental Actions, Regulations, and Oversight : Compliance with and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance; we are subject to extensive governmental regulations; governmental action and campaigns to discourage tobacco and nicotine use and other tobacco products may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and gross profit; and, wholesale cost and tax increases relating to tobacco and nicotine products could affect our operating results. 
 Industry : General economic and political conditions that are largely out of the Company s control may adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations; developments related to fuel efficiency, fuel conservation practices, climate change, and changing consumer preferences may decrease the demand for motor fuel; unfavorable weather conditions can adversely affect our business; the volatility of wholesale petroleum costs could adversely affect our operating results; and, the convenience store industry is highly competitive. 
 Growth Strategies : We may not be able to identify, acquire, and integrate new properties and stores, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 
 Common Stock : The market price for our common stock has been and may in the future be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline; any issuance of shares of our common stock in the future could have a dilutive effect on your investment; and, Iowa law and provisions in our charter documents may have the effect of preventing or hindering a change in control and adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. 
 Although we have attempted to list the important factors that presently affect the Company s business and operating results, we further caution you that other factors we have not identified may in the future prove to be important in affecting our business and results of operations. We ask you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements because they speak only of our views as of the statement dates. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio and floating rate long-term debt obligations. We place our investments with high-quality credit issuers and, by policy, limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. Our first priority is to reduce the risk of principal loss. Consequently, we seek to preserve our invested funds by attempting to limit default risk, market risk, and reinvestment risk. We attempt to mitigate default risk by investing in only high-quality credit securities that we believe to be low risk and by positioning our portfolio to respond appropriately to a significant reduction in a credit rating of any investment issuer or guarantor. The portfolio includes only marketable securities with active secondary or resale markets to ensure portfolio liquidity. Based upon the outstanding balance of the Company's term loan facilities as of April 30, 2023, an immediate 100-basis-point move in interest rates would have an approximate annualized impact of 2.5 million on interest expense. 
 We do, from time to time, participate in a forward buy of certain commodities. These are not accounted for as derivatives under the normal purchase and sale exclusions under the applicable accounting guidance. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Casey s General Stores, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Casey's General Stores, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended April 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended April 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated June 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Assessment of the self-insurance claim liability for workers compensation 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, at April 30, 2023, the Company was primarily self-insured for workers compensation claims. The self-insurance claim liability for workers compensation is determined actuarially based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Factors affecting the uncertainty of the claim liability include the (1) loss development factors, which include the development time frame and settlement patterns, and (2) expected loss rates, which include litigation and adjudication direction, and medical treatment and cost trends. As discussed in Notes 1 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reported a self-insurance claim liability of 61,168 thousand, which included the self-insurance claim liability for workers compensation. 
 We identified the assessment of the self-insurance claim liability for workers compensation as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of the key assumptions used to estimate the liability, specifically the loss development factors and expected loss 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 rates, required complex auditor judgment due to the significant measurement uncertainty. Specialized skill and knowledge was necessary to evaluate the methods and key assumptions used to determine the liability. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s process to determine the self-insurance claim liability for workers compensation. This included controls related to the selection of the methods used to determine the liability, and the evaluation of the loss development factors and expected loss rates. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 assessing the methods used by the Company by comparing them to generally accepted actuarial methods 
 evaluating the loss development factors and expected loss rates used by the Company by comparing them to industry trends. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1987. 
 
 June 23, 2023 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Casey s General Stores, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Casey's General Stores, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended April 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated June 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Des Moines, Iowa 
 June 23, 2023 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 CASEY S GENERAL STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share data) April 30, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses Income taxes receivable Total current assets Property and equipment, at cost Land Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Finance lease right-of-use assets Construction in process Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property and equipment Other assets, net of amortization Goodwill Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Accounts payable Accrued expenses Wages and related taxes Property taxes Insurance accruals Other Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, net of current maturities Deferred income taxes Insurance accruals, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity Preferred stock, par value, issued 
 Common stock, par value, and shares issued and outstanding at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Years ended April 30, 2023 2022 2021 Total revenue Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization, shown separately below) Operating expenses Depreciation and amortization Interest, net Income before income taxes Federal and state income taxes Net income Net income per common share Basic Diluted Dividends declared per share 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except per share and share amounts) 
 
 Shares Outstanding Common stock Retained earnings Shareholders' Equity Balance at April 30, 2020 Net income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation (net of tax withholding on employee share-based awards) Balance at April 30, 2021 Net income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation (net of tax withholding on employee share-based awards) Balance at April 30, 2022 Net income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation (net of tax withholding on employee share-based awards) Balance at April 30, 2023 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Years ended April 30, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation Loss (gain) on disposal of assets and impairment charges ) Deferred income taxes Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Income taxes ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Payments for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Repayments of short-term debt ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments of cash dividends ) ) ) Tax withholdings on employee share-based awards ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION Cash paid for interest, net of amount capitalized Cash paid for income taxes, net Noncash investing and financing activities Purchased property and equipment in accounts payable See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 1. 
 convenience stores in states, primarily in the Midwest. Many of the stores are located in smaller communities, often with populations of less than . 

Uncollectible accounts were immaterial during the periods presented. 
 Vendor rebates Other Total receivables 
 and at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were no material LIFO liquidations during the periods presented. 
 Merchandise Total inventories 
 The Company often receives vendor allowances on the basis of quantitative contract terms that vary by product and vendor or directly on the basis of purchases made. Vendor allowances include rebates and other funds received from vendors to promote their products. These amounts are recognized in the period earned based on the applicable rebate agreement. Reimbursements of an operating expense (e.g., advertising) are recorded as reductions of the related expense. 
 Renewable identification numbers RINs are assigned to gallons of renewable fuels produced and are used to track compliance with the renewable fuel standard. At times, we purchase fuel components (ethanol, gasoline, biodiesel or diesel) and blend those components into a finished product in a fuel truck. This process enables the Company to take title to the RIN assigned to each gallon of ethanol or biodiesel produced. RINs are recorded as a reduction in cost of goods sold at the contracted sales price, in the period when the Company transfers the RIN. The Company does not record inventories on the balance sheet related to RINs, as they are acquired at no cost to the Company. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 - years. As of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, the Company had recognized and of capitalized software implementation costs, respectively. The outstanding balance is recognized in other assets, net of amortization on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company has recognized amortization of in fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2022 and in fiscal 2021 within operating expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 
 and of goodwill recognized, respectively. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. The Company used a qualitative approach to assess the recoverability of goodwill at year-end. Management s analysis of recoverability completed as of the fiscal year-end indicated no evidence of impairment for the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 of contractual customer relationships. These assets were valued using the multi-period excess earnings method. The contractual customer relationships are amortized on a straight-line basis over a useful life of years and are included within other assets, net of amortization in the consolidated balance sheets as of April 30, 2023. As of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, the Company has recognized and of contractual customer relationships, which was net of accumulated amortization of and respectively. The Company expects to recognize of annual amortization expense related to contractual customer relationships over the next 5 years. 
 
 - years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets Lesser of term of lease or life of asset Leasehold improvements Lesser of term of lease or life of asset 
 The Company monitors stores and will accelerate depreciation if the expected life of the asset is reduced due to the expected remaining operation of the store or the Company s plans. Construction in process is reported at cost and not subject to depreciation until the related asset is placed in service. 
 
 The Company incurred impairment charges of in fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2022, and in fiscal 2021. Impairment charges are a component of operating expenses. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, related to the outstanding digital box top coupons and Casey's Rewards points, which is included in other accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Gift card related revenue is recognized as the gift cards are used by the guest. Gift card breakage revenue is recognized based on the estimated gift card breakage rate over the pro rata usage of the card. As of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, the Company recognized a liability of and , respectively, related to outstanding gift cards, which is included in other accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The discounted liability was and at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is recorded in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The balance of our self-insurance reserves was and for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See additional discussion in Note 10. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 stores in states. Our convenience stores offer a broad selection of merchandise, fuel and other products and services designed to appeal to the convenience needs of our guests. We manage the business on the basis of operating segment and therefore, have only reportable segment. Our stores sell similar products and services, use similar processes to sell those products and services, and sell their products and services to similar classes of guests. We make specific disclosures concerning the three broad categories of fuel, grocery and general merchandise, and prepared food and dispensed beverage because it makes it easier for us to discuss trends and operational initiatives within our business and industry. Although we can separate revenues and cost of goods sold within these categories (and further sub-categories), the operating expenses associated with operating a store that sells these products are not separable by these categories. 
 
 2. A 
 stores, of which stores were acquired from Minit Mart LLC pursuant to the terms and conditions of an asset purchase agreement. The majority of these acquisitions meet the criteria to be considered business combinations. The purchase price of the stores was determined using a discounted cash flow model on a location by location basis. The acquisitions were recorded in the financial statements by allocating the purchase price to the assets acquired, including intangible assets, and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date as determined by internal estimates. Fair values were determined using Level 3 inputs (see Note 3). The excess of the cost of the acquisition over the net amounts assigned to the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill if the acquisition is considered to be a business combination. Goodwill of was recognized as the result of the current year acquisitions and is primarily attributable to the location of the stores in relation to our footprint and expected synergies. All of the goodwill associated with these transactions will be deductible for income tax purposes over 15 years. Acquisition-related transaction costs are recognized as period costs as incurred. 
 The aggregate purchase price for the acquisitions totaled , which was paid in cash upon closing using available cash on hand. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Property and equipment Goodwill Total assets Total liabilities Net assets acquired and total purchase price 
 The Company recognized approximately of revenue related to the acquired locations in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended April 30, 2023. The amount of net income related to the acquired locations was not material for the year ended April 30, 2023. 
 Pro Forma Information 
 Net income Net income per common share Basic Diluted 
 Prior Period Acquisitions 
 Buchanan Energy 
 On May 13, 2021, the Company closed on the acquisition of of the equity interest in Buchanan Energy (and certain of its related subsidiaries and affiliated entities), owner of Bucky s Convenience Stores. The transaction included retail locations (consisting of stores in Nebraska, in Illinois, in Iowa, in Missouri, and in Texas), a dealer network of stores where Casey s manages fuel wholesale supply agreements to these stores, as well as several parcels of land which may be used for new store construction. of the retail locations were divested shortly after closing as part of a consent order with the Federal Trade Commission. During the fourth quarter of the 2022 fiscal year, the Company sold stores and parcel of land in Texas for an aggregate sale price of , subject to customary post-closing adjustments. We did not record a material gain or loss related to the sale. 
 The Company expects to achieve certain synergies over time, in part, through the reduction of duplicate processes, improvements in purchasing power, installing our kitchens, and expanding merchandise offerings. 
 The aggregate purchase price for the acquisition totaled , which is net of a working capital adjustment of . Upon closing, was paid in cash using available cash on hand, proceeds from a million term loan and a draw on a revolving credit facility. The draw on the revolving credit facility was repaid during the first quarter of the 2022 fiscal year. The working capital adjustment was received during the fourth quarter of the 2022 fiscal year. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses Property and equipment Contractual customer relationships Deferred income taxes Finance lease right-of-use assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Goodwill Total assets Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Finance lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired and total purchase price 
 The goodwill acquired was assigned to the retail reporting unit in the amount of and the fuel wholesale reporting unit in the amount of . The goodwill recognized is primarily attributable to the location of the seller s stores in relation to our footprint and expected synergies due to expanded inside store offerings and improved purchasing power. Almost all of the goodwill acquired as the result of this transaction will be deductible for income tax purposes over 15 years. 
 The Company incurred total acquisition-related transaction costs of approximately million. This includes approximately million incurred during the year ended April 30, 2022, which are included in the consolidated statements of income within operating expenses. 
 Circle K 
 Throughout June 2021, the Company closed on the acquisition of stores located in Oklahoma from Circle K pursuant to the terms and conditions of an asset purchase agreement. The aggregate purchase price for the acquisition totaled , which was paid in cash upon closing using available cash on hand. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Property and equipment Finance lease right-of-use assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes Goodwill Total assets Liabilities assumed: Accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities Finance lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired and total consideration paid 
 The goodwill recognized from this transaction is primarily attributable to the location of the seller's stores in relation to our footprint and expected synergies due, in part, to expanded inside store and fuel offerings. Almost all of the goodwill acquired as a result of this transaction will be deductible for income tax purposes over 15 years. 
 Pilot 
 On December 16, 2021, the Company closed on the acquisition of stores from Pilot Corporation pursuant to the terms and conditions of an asset purchase agreement. The transaction included stores located in Tennessee and store located in Kentucky. The aggregate purchase price for the acquisition totaled , which was paid in cash using available cash on hand and certain incremental proceeds from a million term loan. 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses Property and equipment Deferred income taxes Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Total assets Liabilities assumed: Accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired and total consideration paid 
 The goodwill recognized from this transaction is primarily attributable to the location of the seller's stores in relation to our footprint and expected synergies due, in part, to expanded inside store offerings. Almost all of the goodwill acquired as a result of this transaction will be deductible for income tax purposes over 15 years. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 and , respectively, at April 30, 2023 and 2022. The fair value calculated excludes finance lease obligations of and outstanding at April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively, which are grouped with long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Prior Credit Agreement 
 During the fourth quarter, the Company made a prepayment on the existing term loan facility under its credit agreement dated January 11, 2019, as amended, by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent (the Prior Credit Agreement ). On April 21, 2023, the Company subsequently terminated the Prior Credit Agreement, and repaid in full, all outstanding indebtedness thereunder (which as of such date was under the term loan facility and under the revolving credit facility). 
 New Credit Agreement 
 On April 21, 2023, the Company entered into a new credit agreement, by among the lenders thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the New Credit Agreement ), to provide for (a) a million unsecured term loan (the Term Loan Facility and (b) an million unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and together with the Term Loan Facility, the Credit Facilities ). The Term Loan Facility was used to refinance the existing term loan under the Prior Credit Agreement, as noted above, and to pay fees and expenses in connection therewith. The Revolving Facility is available for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. The transaction was primarily treated as a debt modification for accounting purposes. 
 Amounts borrowed under the Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates based upon, at the Company s option: (a) either Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, in each case plus (with a floor of for the interest period in effect, plus an applicable margin ranging from to or (b) an alternate base rate, which generally equals the highest of (i) the prime commercial lending rate announced by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate , (ii) the federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1.00 , and (iii) Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus , each plus an applicable margin ranging from to and each with a floor of . The Revolving Facility carries a facility fee of to per annum. The applicable margins and facility fee, in each case, are dependent upon the Company s quarterly Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the New Credit Agreement. 
 The outstanding principal balance on the Term Loan Facility is required to be repaid in equal quarterly installments in an amount equal to of the original principal amount, on the last day of each March, June, September, and December, with the balance of the Credit Facilities due on April 21, 2028. The New Credit Agreement contains an expansion option permitting the Company to request an increase of either of the Credit Facilities from time to time not to exceed the greater of (a) million and (b) of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) of the Company for the four most recently completed fiscal quarters, from the lenders or other financial institutions acceptable to the Company and the administrative agent, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the consent of the lenders whose commitments would increase. 
 Under the Prior Credit Agreement, the Company had outstanding on the revolving facility, and outstanding on the term loan facility at April 30, 2022. Under the New Credit Agreement, the Company had outstanding on the Revolving Facility and outstanding on the Term Loan Facility at April 30, 2023. 
 Bank Line 
 The Company has an additional unsecured bank line of credit (the "Bank Line") with availability up to at April 30, 2023. The availability under the Bank Line is encumbered by a letter of credit. The Bank Line bears interest at a variable rate subject to change from time to time based on changes in an independent index referred to in the Bank 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 outstanding at April 30, 2023 and 2022. The Bank Line is due upon demand. Subsequent to year-end, and effective June 1, 2023, the Bank Line was increased from to . 
 Senior Notes (Series A) due in installments beginning June 17, 2022, and ending June 15, 2028 
 Senior Notes (Series B) due in installments beginning December 17, 2022 and ending December 18, 2028 
 Senior Notes (Series C) due in installments beginning May 2, 2025 and ending May 2, 2031 
 Senior Notes (Series D) due in installments beginning October 28, 2025 and ending October 28, 2031 
 Senior Notes (Series E) due June 13, 2025 
 Senior Notes (Series F) due August 22, 2028 
 Senior Notes (Series G) due August 7, 2030 
 Senior Notes (Series H) due August 6, 2032 
 Variable rate term loan facility, requiring quarterly installments ending April 21, 2028 Debt issuance costs ) ) Less current maturities 
 Interest expense is net of interest income of , , and for the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Interest expense is also net of interest capitalized of , , and during the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 The agreements relating to the above long-term debt contain certain operating and financial covenants. At April 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all such operating and financial covenants. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 4. 
 authorized shares of preferred stock, of which shares have been designated as Series A Serial Preferred Stock. shares of preferred stock have been issued. 
 Common stock: The Company currently has authorized shares of common stock. 
 Stock incentive plans: The 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan was approved by the Company's shareholders on September 5, 2018. Awards under the 2018 Plan may take the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other equity-based and equity-related awards. Each share issued pursuant to a stock option and each share with respect to which a stock-settled stock appreciation right is exercised (regardless of the number of shares actually delivered) is counted as share against the maximum limit under the 2018 Plan, and each share issued pursuant to an award of restricted stock or restricted stock units is counted as shares against the maximum limit. Restricted stock is transferred 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 shares available for grant at April 30, 2023, under the 2018 Plan. 
 We account for stock-based compensation by estimating the grant date fair value of time-based and performance-based restricted stock unit awards using the closing price of our common stock on the applicable grant date, or the date on which performance goals for performance-based units are established, if after the grant date. The time-based awards most commonly vest ratably over a period commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date. The performance-based awards represent a target amount; the final amount earned is based on the satisfaction of certain performance measures over a performance period and will range from to of target." The performance-based awards are also subject to the TSR Modifier (see Note 1 for additional information). The fair value of these awards is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation as of the date of the grant. For market-based awards, the stock-based compensation expense will not be adjusted should the target awards vary from actual awards. 
 We recognize these amounts as an operating expense in our consolidated statements of income ratably over the requisite service period using the straight-line method, as adjusted for certain retirement provisions, and updated estimates of shares to be issued under performance-based awards. All awards have been granted at no cost to the grantee. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Performance Award Adjustments Unvested at April 30, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Performance Award Adjustments ) Unvested at April 30, 2022 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Performance Award Adjustments Unvested at April 30, 2023 
 
 Total compensation costs recorded for employees and non-employee board members for the restricted stock unit awards for the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were , , and , respectively. As of April 30, 2023, there was of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the 2018 Plan for costs related to restricted stock units which are expected to be recognized ratably through fiscal 2026, with a weighted average remaining term of year. The fair value of restricted stock unit awards vested for the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were , , and, , respectively, as of the applicable vest date. At April 30, 2023, there were no stock options outstanding. 
 On, and effective as of, March 3, 2022, the Board authorized a share repurchase program, whereby the Company was authorized to repurchase its outstanding common stock from time-to-time, for an aggregate amount of up to million, exclusive of fees, commissions or other expenses. The Repurchase Program has no set expiration date. The timing and number of repurchase transactions depends on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, market conditions, corporate considerations, business opportunities, debt agreements, and regulatory requirements. The Repurchase Program can be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Weighted average shares outstanding-basic Basic earnings per common share Diluted Net income Weighted-average shares outstanding-basic Plus effect of stock options and restricted stock units Weighted-average shares outstanding-diluted Diluted earnings per common share 
 There were no stock options outstanding at April 30, 2023 and 2022. In previous years, there were no stock options considered antidilutive; therefore, all stock options were included in the computation of dilutive earnings per share for fiscal 2021. 
 
 6. 
 State Deferred tax expense Total income tax expense 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred revenue Accrued bonus compensation Workers compensation Operating and finance lease obligations Asset retirement obligations Deferred compensation Equity compensation State net operating losses and tax credits Other Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment depreciation ) ) Goodwill ) ) Other ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 At April 30, 2023, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes of approximately , which are available to offset future state taxable income. The state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031. In addition, the Company had state tax credit carryforwards of approximately , which begin to expire in 2026. 
 The valuation allowance for state net operating loss and state tax credit deferred tax assets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 was . In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 Total reported tax expense applicable to the Company s continuing operations varies from the tax that would have resulted from applying the statutory U.S. federal income tax rates to income before income taxes. 
 Federal tax credits ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Impact of phased-in state law changes, net of federal benefit ) ) ASU 2016-09 benefit (stock-based compensation) ) ) ) Nondeductible executive compensation Other ) ) 
 The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company had a 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 and in gross unrecognized tax benefits at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which is recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Of this amount, represents the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. Unrecognized tax benefits increased during the twelve months ended April 30, 2023, due primarily to the increase associated with income tax filing positions for the current year exceeding the decrease related to the expiration of certain statute of limitations. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to current year Reductions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) ) Ending balance 
 The total net amount of accrued interest and penalties for such unrecognized tax benefits was and at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in other long-term liabilities. Net interest and penalties included in income tax expense for the twelve month periods ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 was an increase in tax expense of and , respectively. 
 A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and ultimately settled. It is difficult to predict the ultimate outcome or the timing of resolution for uncertain tax positions. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. These changes could result from the expiration of the statute of limitations, examinations or other unforeseen circumstances. The Company has no ongoing federal or state income tax examinations. 
 At this time, the Company s best estimate of the reasonably possible change in the amount of the gross unrecognized tax benefits is a decrease of during the next twelve months mainly due to the expiration of certain statute of limitations. The federal statute of limitations remains open for the tax years 2019 and forward. Tax years 2013 and forward are subject to audit by state tax authorities depending on open statute of limitations waivers and the tax code of each state. 
 
 7. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average remaining lease-term - operating lease Weighted-average discount rate - finance lease Weighted-average discount rate - operating lease Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less amount representing interest Present value of net minimum lease payments 
 Effective during the third quarter of fiscal year 2020, Casey s Marketing Company, and the City of Joplin, Missouri Joplin entered into an agreement in which Joplin agreed to issue up to of taxable industrial development revenue bonds for the purpose of acquiring, constructing, improving, purchasing, equipping and installing a warehouse and distribution facility, which has been completed and is currently being used by the Company. As the title of the development was transferred to Joplin and the Company is subsequently leasing the related asset from Joplin, we have accounted for the transaction under the sale-and-leaseback guidance included in ASC 842-40 . We have a purchase option included in the lease agreement for below the fair value of the asset, which prevents the transfer of the assets to Joplin from being recognized as a sale. Accordingly, we have not recognized any gain or loss related to the transfer. Furthermore, we have not derecognized the transferred assets and continue to recognize them in property and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company has the right and intends to set-off any obligations to make payments under the lease, with proceeds due from the industrial revenue bonds. As of April 30, 2023, we have recognized the full amount of bonds available as property and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets related to this agreement. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 , , and for the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 On April 30, 2023 and 2022, and shares of common stock, respectively, were held by the trustee of the 401(k) Plan in trust for distribution to eligible participants upon death, disability, retirement, or termination of employment. Shares held by the 401(k) Plan are treated as outstanding in the computation of net income per common share. 
 
 9. 
 other officers, providing for certain payments in the event of termination in connection with a change of control of the Company, as defined therein. 
 We have entered into various purchase agreements related to our fuel supply, which include varying volume commitments. Prices included in the purchase agreements are indexed to market prices. While volume commitments are included in the contracts, we do not have a history of incurring material penalties related to these provisions. These contracts are not accounted for as derivatives as they meet the normal purchases and sales exclusion under derivative accounting. 
 We have entered into forward contracts for cheese in order to fix the price per pound for a portion of our expected supply. As of April 30, 2023, the forward contracts run through July 2023. The commitment under these contracts is approximately . These contracts are not accounted for as derivatives as they meet the normal purchases and sales exclusion under derivative accounting. 
 
 10. 
 and , respectively, for estimated expenses related to anticipated corrective actions or remediation efforts, including relevant legal and consulting costs. Management believes the Company has no material joint and several environmental liability with other parties. Additional regulations or amendments to the existing regulations could result in future revisions to such estimated expenditures. 
 Legal matters: From time to time we may be involved in legal or administrative proceedings or investigations arising from the conduct of our business operations, including, but not limited to, contractual disputes; employment, personnel, or accessibility matters; personal injury and property damage claims; and claims by federal, state, and local regulatory authorities relating to the sale of products pursuant to licenses and permits issued by those authorities. Claims for damages in those actions may be substantial. While the outcome of such litigation, proceedings, investigations, or claims is never certain, it is our opinion, after taking into consideration legal counsel s assessment and the availability of insurance proceeds and other collateral sources to cover potential losses, that the ultimate disposition of such matters currently pending or threatened, individually or cumulatively, will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
 The Company is named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana, titled McColley v. Casey s General Stores, Inc., in which the plaintiff alleges that the Company misclassified its Store Managers as exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The complaint seeks unpaid wages, liquidated damages and attorneys fees for the plaintiff and all similarly situated Store Managers who worked at the Company from February 16, 2015 to the present. On March 31, 2021, the Court granted conditional certification, and to-date, approximately current and/or former Store Managers (representing less than 1/4 of those eligible) remain opted-in to participate in the lawsuit. The Company believes that adequate provisions have been made for probable losses related to this matter, and that those, and the reasonably possible losses in excess of amounts accrued, where such range of loss can be estimated, are not material to the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company believes that its Store Managers are properly classified as exempt employees under the FLSA and it intends to continue to vigorously defend the matter. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 one-time payment from the resolution of a legal matter. These proceeds were recognized as a reduction to operating expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 At April 30, 2023, the Company was primarily self-insured for workers compensation claims in all but two states of its operating territory. In North Dakota and Ohio, the Company is required to participate in an exclusive, state managed fund for all workers compensation claims. The Company was also partially self-insured for general liability and auto liability under an agreement that provides for annual stop-loss limits equal to or exceeding for auto liability and for general liability and workers' compensation. Additionally, the Company is self-insured for its portion of Team Member medical expenses. At April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had and , respectively, outstanding for estimated claims relating to self-insurance, the majority of which has been actuarially determined. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 240.13a-15(e)). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of April 30, 2023. 
 For purposes of Rule 13a-15(e), the term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act (l5 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company's internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company's management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 The Company's management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . On the basis of the prescribed criteria, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 30, 2023. 
 KPMG LLP, as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on page 32. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 (d) Other. 
 The Company does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all fraud and material errors. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations on all internal control systems, our internal control system can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and occurrences of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of internal control is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in circumstances, or the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Those portions of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the captions Election of Directors, Governance of the Company, "Information about our Executive Officers", Executive Compensation , and "The Board of Directors and Its Committees", as filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after April 30, 2023, and used in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 The Company has adopted a Financial Code of Ethics applicable to its Chief Executive Officer and other senior financial officers. In addition, the Company has adopted a general code of business conduct (known as the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics) for its directors, officers, and all Team Members. The Financial Code of Ethics, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and other Company governance materials are available under the Investor Relations-Governance link of the Company website located at www.caseys.com. In the event of any amendments to, or waivers of, the Financial Code of Ethics or the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, any required disclosure will be posted to our website. To date, there have been no waivers of the Financial Code of Ethics or the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Shareholders may obtain copies of any of these corporate governance documents free of charge by downloading from the Web site or by writing to the Corporate Secretary at the address on the cover of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 That portion of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the caption "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", "The Board of Directors and Its Committees , Compensation Committee Report", Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation Decisions , Executive Compensation, CEO Pay Ratio , "Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control", "Director Compensation", and "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions", as filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after April 30, 2023, and used in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Those portions of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the captions Beneficial Ownership of Shares of Common Stock by Directors and Executive Officers , "Principal Shareholders" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information", as filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after April 30, 2023, and used in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 That portion of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions , Governance of the Company and "The Board of Directors and its Committees", as filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after April 30, 2023, and used in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 That portion of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as filed with the Commission within 120 days after April 30, 2023, and used in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Documents filed as a part of this report on Form 10-K: 
 
 a. The following financial statements are included herewith: 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Income, Three Years Ended April 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, Three Years Ended April 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Three Years Ended April 30, 2023 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) No schedules are included because the required information is inapplicable or is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes thereto. 
 
 (3) The following exhibits are filed as a part of this report: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Exhibits 3.1 Second Restatement of the Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation, as amended September 5, 2018, June 28, 2019 and September 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q as filed September 9, 2019) 
 3.2 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed March 7, 2023) 
 4.1 Note Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2010 among the Company and the purchasers of the 5.22 Senior Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K as filed August 10, 2010) 
 4.2 Note Purchase Agreement dated June 17, 2013 among the Company and the purchasers of the 3.67 Series A Notes and 3.75 Series B Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Form 8-K as filed June 18, 2013) 
 4.3 First Amendment to the 2013 Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K as filed July 7, 2020) 
 4.4 Note Purchase Agreement dated May 2, 2016 among the Company and the purchasers of the 3.65 Series C Notes and 3.72 Series D Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Form 8-K as filed May 3, 2016) 
 4.5 First Amendment to the 2016 Note Purchase, dated June 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K as filed July 7, 2020) 
 4.6 Note Purchase Agreement dated June 13, 2017 among the Company and the purchasers of the 3.51 Series E Notes and 3.77 Series F Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Form 8-K as filed June 15, 2017) 
 4.7 First Amendment to the 2017 Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K as filed July 7, 2020) 
 4.8 Note Purchase Agreement dated June 30, 2020 among the Company and the purchasers of the 2.85 Series G Notes and 2.96 Series H Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K as filed July 7, 2020) 
 4.9 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 10.1 Promissory Note delivered to UMB Bank, n.a. and related Negative Pledge Agreement dated January 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.28(d) to Form 8-K as filed January 17, 2019) 
 10.2 Credit Agreement dated January 11, 2019, among Casey's General Stores, Inc. as borrower, and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 (e) to Form 8-K as filed January 17, 2019) 
 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated June 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed July 7, 2020) 
 10.4 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed December 31, 2020) 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 10.5 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated March 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed March 22, 2021) 
 10.6 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated December 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed December 16, 2021) 
 10.7 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2023, by and among Casey s General Stores, Inc. Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed April 26, 2023) 
 10.8 Form of Change of Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed December 19, 2019) 
 10.9 Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan Document and related Adoption Agreement dated September 25, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K as filed June 26, 2020) 
 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated May 31, 2019, between the Company and Darren M. Rebelez (with the Change of Control Agreement attached as an exhibit thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed June 6, 2019) 
 10.11 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 25, 2022, between the Company and Darren M. Rebelez (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed July 29, 2022) 
 10.12 Employment Agreement, dated May 12, 2020, between the Company and Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. (with the Change of Control Agreement attached as an exhibit thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed May 13, 2020) 
 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated May 8, 2020, between the Company and Ena Williams Koschel (with the Change of Control Agreement attached as an exhibit thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed May 13, 2020) 
 10.14 Casey's General Stores, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to Form 8-K as filed September 10, 2018) 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K as filed September 10, 2018) 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (LTI Awards to Officers) and Award Summary under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (FY20 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to Form 10-Q as filed September 9, 2019) 
 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (LTI Awards to Officers) and Award Summary under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (FY21 - FY2 4 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Form 10-Q as filed September 8, 2020) 
 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (LTI Awards to Officers) and Award Summary under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (FY24 for Darren M. Rebelez) 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Non-Officer Employees) under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-Q as filed September 8, 2020) 
 10.20 Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Make-Whole Award to Darren M. Rebelez) and Award Summary under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Form 10-Q as filed September 9, 2019) 
 10.21 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Special Strategic Grant to Darren M. Rebelez) and Award Summary under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed December 26, 2019) 
 10.22 Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Make-Whole Award to Thomas P. Brennan) under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to Form 10-Q as filed March 9, 2020) 
 10.23 Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Make-Whole Award to Chad Frazell) under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to Form 10-Q as filed March 9, 2020) 
 10.24 Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Sign-On Award to Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr.) and Award Summary under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-Q as filed September 8, 2020) 
 10.25 Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Make-Whole Award to Ena Williams Koschel) under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Form 10-Q as filed September 8, 2020) 
 10.26 Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Make-Whole Award to Katrina S. Lindsey) under 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K as filed March 8, 2021) 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 10.27 Casey's General Stores, Inc. Officer Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed September 9, 2019) 
 21 Subsidiaries of Casey s General Stores, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certificate of Darren M. Rebelez under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certificate of Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certificate of Darren M. Rebelez under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certificate of Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CASEY S GENERAL STORES, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Darren M. Rebelez Darren M. Rebelez, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Director) Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Darren M. Rebelez Darren M. Rebelez, President and Chief Executive Officer, Board Chair and Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. Chief Financial Officer Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ H. Lynn Horak H. Lynn Horak Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Cara K. Heiden Cara K. Heiden Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Diane C. Bridgewater Diane C. Bridgewater Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Donald E. Frieson Donald E. Frieson Director 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ David K. Lenhardt David K. Lenhardt Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Allison M. Wing Allison M. Wing Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Larree M. Renda Larree M. Renda Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Judy A. Schmeling Judy A. Schmeling Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Gregory A. Trojan Gregory A. Trojan Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Michael Spanos Michael Spanos Director Date: June 23, 2023 By /s/ Sri Donthi Sri Donthi Director 
 
 60 

<EX-4.9>
 2
 casy-ex49_2023430xq4.htm
 EX-4.9

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following statements contain, in summary form, certain information relating to the capital stock of the Company. They do not purport to be complete, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the provisions of the Company's Second Restatement of the Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Restated Articles incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 120,000,000 shares of Common Stock, no par value (the Common Stock ), and 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, no par value (the Preferred Stock of which 250,000 shares have been designated as Series A Serial Preferred Stock. No shares of Preferred Stock have been issued. The Company s Restated Articles do not authorize any other classes of capital stock. 
 
 The Common Stock is the only class of capital stock of the Company registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and it is registered under Section 12(b) thereof. 
 
 COMMON STOCK 
 
 All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. Holders of Common Stock have one vote for each share held and are not entitled to cumulate their votes for the election of directors. 
 
 Common Stock is not subject to redemption by its terms although Common Stock may be repurchased by the Company at its discretion. The holders of shares of Common Stock do not have preemptive rights. Holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in the assets of the Company legally available for distribution to holders of Common Stock in the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 The Board of Directors is empowered by the Restated Articles to issue, from time to time, one or more series of authorized Preferred Stock without shareholder approval. The authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock may be issued in series having such designations, preferences or rights, and having the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon, as may be fixed and determined by resolution of the Company's Board of Directors. Therefore, shares of series of Preferred Stock could have rights that would cause such shares to be superior to the Common Stock with respect to such matters as voting, dividends and liquidation. 
 
 As noted above, the Restated Articles authorize a series of Preferred Stock designated Series A Serial Preferred Stock comprised of 250,000 shares. The Board created the Series A Serial Preferred Stock in April 2010 in connection with the Shareholder Rights Plan (the Rights Plan that it adopted at the same time. The Series A Serial Preferred Stock was created having the specific designations, preferences and rights and having the specific qualifications, 

limitations and restrictions necessary to implement the Rights Plan. The Shareholder Rights Plan expired in April 2011 without any shares of Series A Preferred Stock having been issued. The 250,000 Series A Serial Preferred Stock remains authorized under the Restated Articles. 
 
 REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 250 Royall Street Canton, MA 02021 is the Registrar and Transfer Agent for the Common Stock of the Company. 
 
 CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE IOWA CODE, OUR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS 
 
 Certain provisions of the Iowa Business Corporations Act (the Act ), our Restated Articles and the Seventh Amended and Restated By-Laws (the Bylaws summarized in the following paragraphs may have an anti-takeover effect. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Restated Articles , and the Bylaws incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Our Bylaws vest the power to call special meetings of stockholders in our board chair, by resolution approved by a majority of the entire board, or by the secretary of the Company following receipt of one or more written demands to call a special meeting of the shareholders from shareholders holding of record shares representing not less than 50 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of the Company. Shareholders are permitted under our Bylaws to act by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 
 
 To be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, any shareholder proposal or nomination for the board of directors must be delivered to our Corporate Secretary by the close of business not more than 120 and not less than 90 days prior to the date on which we first mailed our proxy materials for the prior year s annual meeting provided that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from the anniversary of the previous year s meeting, written notice must be provided not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the date of the annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such advanced or delayed annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made . 
 
 Our Bylaws contain proxy access provisions, which permit an eligible shareholder or a group of up to 20 eligible shareholders owning 3 or more of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company s annual meeting proxy materials, for any annual meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected, director nominees constituting up to the greater of (i) 20 of the total number of directors of the Company, or (ii) two individuals provided that the nominating shareholder(s) and nominee(s) satisfy the requirements described in the Bylaws. 
 
 We are subject to Iowa Code section 490.1110 Section 490.1110 ). In general, Section 490.1110 prohibits a publicly held Iowa corporation from engaging in various business 

combination transactions with any interested shareholder for a period of three years following the date of the transactions in which the person became an interested shareholder, unless (i) the transaction is approved by the board of directors prior to the date the shareholder became and interested shareholder (ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced or (iii) on or subsequent to such date the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested shareholder. 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 a2024officerltipformofawar.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT 
 (LTI Awards to Officers) 
 
 This Restricted Stock Units Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into on June 1, 2023 (the Grant Date ), pursuant to the Casey s General Stores, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Committee administering the Plan has selected the party specified on the summary award page attached hereto as Annex A (the Award Summary (such party, the Participant to receive the award described therein (the Award of Restricted Stock Units, each of which represents the right to receive on the applicable settlement date described therein (each a Settlement Date one (1) share of the Common Stock, no par value Stock of Casey s General Stores, Inc., an Iowa corporation (the Company ), on the terms and conditions set forth below to which Participant accepts and agrees 
 
 1. Grant of Units . On the Grant Date, the Participant shall acquire, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the number of Restricted Stock Units as specified in Award Summary (the Units ). Each Unit represents a right at target, to receive on a date determined in accordance with this Agreement one (1) share of Stock. This Award shall be governed by the terms of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by this reference. The Participant acknowledges having received and read a copy of the Plan. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined by this Agreement will have the meanings assigned to the Plan. 
 
 2. No Monetary Payment Required . The Participant is not required to make any monetary payment (other than applicable tax withholding, if any, subject to Section 5 of this Agreement) as a condition to receiving the Units, or shares of Stock issued upon settlement of the Units, the consideration for which shall be past services actually rendered and or future services to be rendered to the Company or for its benefit. 
 
 3. Vesting of Units . Subject to Participant s continued employment through the Vest Date and other conditions described in the Award Summary (except as described under the heading Special provisions regarding vesting of awards ), the Units will vest and become Vested Units as of the date set forth in the Award Summary. 
 
 4. Settlement of the Award . 
 
 a. Issuance of Shares of Stock . The Company shall issue to the Participant on the Settlement Date (that is, unless specified otherwise in Award Summary, the date on which the Units shall vest and become Vested Units) with respect to each Vested Unit to be settled on such date one (1) share of Stock. Shares of Stock issued in settlement of Units shall not be subject to any restriction on transfer other than any such restriction as may be required pursuant to Section 4.c. or Section 5 of this Agreement or the Company s Insider Trading Policy. For purposes of this Agreement, Insider Trading Policy means the written policy of the Company pertaining to the sale, transfer or other disposition of the Company s equity securities by members of the Board, officers or other employees who may possess material, non-public information regarding the Company, as in effect at the time of a disposition of any Stock. 
 
 b. Certificate Registration . A certificate for the shares as to which the Award is settled shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant designated in writing by the Participant on forms approved by the Company for that purpose. 
 
 c. Restrictions on Grant of the Award and Issuance of Shares . The grant of the Award and issuance of shares of Stock upon settlement of the Award shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state or foreign law 

with respect to such securities. No shares of Stock may be issued hereunder if the issuance of such shares would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws, or any other law or regulation, or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Stock may then be listed. 
 
 5. Tax Matters . 
 
 a. Tax Withholding in General . At the time this Agreement is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, the Participant hereby authorizes withholding from any payroll and other amounts payable to the Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company, if any, which arise in connection with the Award or the issuance of shares of Stock in settlement thereof. The Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Stock until the tax withholding obligations of the Company have been satisfied by the Participant. 
 
 b. Assignment of Sale Proceeds Payment of Tax Withholding by Check . Subject to compliance with applicable law and the Company s Insider Trading Policy, the Participant shall satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligations in accordance with procedures established by the Company providing for delivery by the Participant to the Company or a broker approved by the Company of properly executed instructions, in a form approved by the Company, providing for the assignment to the Company of the proceeds of a sale with respect to some or all of the shares being acquired upon settlement of Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may elect to pay by check the amount of the Company s tax withholding obligations arising on any Settlement Date by delivering written notice of such election to the Company on a form specified by the Company for this purpose at least thirty (30) days (or such other period established by the Company) prior to such Settlement Date. By making such election, the Participant agrees to deliver a check for the full amount of the required tax withholding to the Company on or before the third business day following the Settlement Date. If the Participant elects to pay the required tax withholding by check but fails to make such payment as required by the preceding sentence, the Company is hereby authorized, in its discretion, to satisfy the tax withholding obligations through any other means authorized by this Section 5, including by effecting a sale of some or all of the shares being acquired upon settlement of Units, withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant, or by withholding shares in accordance with Section 5.c. of this Agreement. 
 
 c. Withholding in Shares . The Company may, in its discretion, permit or require the Participant to satisfy all or any portion of the Company s tax withholding obligations by deducting from the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to the Participant in settlement of the Award a number of whole shares having a Fair Market Value, as of the date on which the tax withholding obligations arise, that the Company determines is up to the maximum amount that the Company is permitted by applicable law to withhold in respect of federal, state and local taxes, domestic or foreign, arising in connection with the Award or the issuance of shares of Stock in settlement thereof. 
 
 6. Effect of Change of Control on Award . In the event of a Change of Control, the Units shall be treated in accordance with Article 15 of the Plan. In the case of an Award that is subject to performance goals, notwithstanding any provision of the Plan, this Agreement or the Award Summary to the contrary, in the event of a Change of Control that occurs prior to the end of the Performance Period of the Award, the performance goals contained in the Award Summary shall no longer apply, effective as of the date of the Change of Control, and, instead, the achievement of such performance goals shall be deemed to have been met as of the Change of Control based on the Company s performance as of immediately prior to the Change of 

Control, as determined by the Committee prior to the Change of Control. Except as provided in Article 15 of the Plan, any Units for which performance goals are deemed to have been met as of the Change of Control will remain outstanding as Time-Based Units (as defined in the Award Summary) following the Change of Control. 
 
 7. Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . The Award shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 4.4 of the Plan. 
 
 8. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares which may be issued in settlement of this Award until the Participant becomes the record holder of the shares of Stock underlying the Award. No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 4.4 of the Plan. 
 
 9. Legends . The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing shares of Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 10. Delivery of Documents and Notices . Any document relating to participation in the Plan or any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (except to the extent that this Agreement provides for effectiveness only upon actual receipt of such notice) upon personal delivery, electronic delivery at the e-mail address, if any, provided for the Participant by the Company, or upon deposit in the U.S. Post Office or foreign postal service, by registered or certified mail, or with a nationally recognized overnight courier service, with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other party at the address shown below that party s signature to the Notice or at such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to time to the other party. 

11. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 
 a. Termination or Amendment . The Committee may terminate or amend the Plan or this Agreement at any time provided, however, that (i) no such termination or amendment may materially impair the rights of a Participant under this Agreement without the consent of the Participant unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law, tax rules, stock exchange rules or accounting rules or the Company deems such termination or amendment to be necessary or desirable to avoid the imposition of taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code, and (ii) no such amendment may alter or accelerate the time or form of distributions in violation of Section 409A of the Code, if applicable, including, without limitation, any amendment that would violate the provisions of Section 409A of the Code requiring that any amendment to extend the issuance of any shares of Stock after the Settlement Date may not take effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the new election is made, and, if the new election relates to a payment for a reason other than the death or disability of the Participant, the new election must provide for the deferral of issuance of such shares of Stock for a period of at least five (5) years from the Settlement Date such issuance of shares of Stock would otherwise have been made. No amendment or addition to this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing. 
 
 b. Non-Transferability of the Award . Prior to the issuance of shares of Stock on the applicable Settlement Date, neither this Award nor any Units subject to this Award shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and 

distribution. All rights with respect to the Award shall be exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 
 
 c. Further Instruments . The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 
 
 d. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 
 e. Integrated Agreement . This Agreement, the Plan and the Award Summary, together with any service or other agreement between the Participant and the Company referring to the Award, shall constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the Participant and the Company with respect to the subject matter contained herein or therein and supersedes any prior agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations, or warranties among the Participant and the Company with respect to such subject matter other than those as set forth or provided for herein or therein. To the extent contemplated herein or therein, the provisions of this Agreement shall survive any settlement of the Award and shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between any provision of this Agreement, including the Award Summary, and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. 
 
 f. Severability . Should any term, covenant, provision, paragraph or condition of this Agreement be held invalid or illegal, such invalidity or illegality shall not invalidate the whole Agreement, but it shall be construed as if not containing the invalid or illegal part or parts and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 
 
 g. Applicable Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Iowa. 

The remainder of this page is left intentionally blank. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year set forth above. 
 
 CASEY S GENERAL STORES, INC. 
 
 By s Katrina S. Lindsey 
 Katrina S. Lindsey 
 Chief Legal Officer 

PARTICIPANT 
 
 As set forth on the attached summary award page. 

Annex A 
 
 CASEY S GENERAL STORES, INC. 
 FISCAL 2024 LTI AWARD SUMMARY 
 
 Note All capitalized terms used in this Award Summary and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Award Agreement to which it is attached, or in the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, as applicable. 
 
 ITEM DESCRIPTION 
 
 Award Participant Darren M. Rebelez 
 
 Grant Date June 1, 2023 
 
 Vest Date of Time-Based Units 1 3 of the Time-Based Units on each of June 15, 2024, June 15, 2025, and June 15, 2026 
 
 Vest Date of ROIC Units and EBITDA Performance Units June 15, 2026 
 
 Settlement Date The business day following the Vest Date, except as provided below under the heading Special provisions regarding vesting of awards. 
 
 Performance Period The Company s fiscal years 2024, 2025, and 2026 (i.e., May 1, 2023 through April 30, 2026), provided that in the event of a Change of Control prior to the end of the Performance Period, the Performance Period shall be deemed to end immediately prior to the Change of Control. 
 
 Target number of Restricted Stock Units awarded 
 
 Time-based RSUs 7,265 Time Based Units 
 ROIC performance-based RSUs 10,897 ROIC Units 
 EBITDA performance-based RSUs 10,897 EBITDA Units 
 
 The ROIC Units and EBITDA Units collectively are referred to below as the Performance Units 
 
 Vesting Subject to the Participant s continued employment through 
 Requirements the Vest Date, the Time-Based Units vest in equal installments on each of June 15, 2024, June 15, 2025, and June 15, 2026, and the Performance Units vest on June 15, 2026. All awards shall be forfeited if the Participant s employment with the Company terminates prior to the Vest Date, except as provided below under the heading Special provisions regarding vesting of awards. 
 
 ROIC Units The award of the ROIC Units will be based on the Company s three-year average return on invested capital ROIC ), using the average of the ROIC results for each fiscal year during the Performance Period. 

In its evaluation of ROIC performance for any year during the Performance Period, the Committee may determine to include or exclude the effects of any of the events described in Section 9.2 of the Plan, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 The threshold, target and maximum number of ROIC Units that may be awarded, subject to the TSR modifier described below, are as follows and will be determined based on threshold, target and maximum ROIC goals, respectively 

Threshold 
 ROIC 
 Target 
 ROIC 
 Maximum 
 ROIC 
 
 8.0 
 10.0 
 11.0 
 ROIC 
 Units 
 Awarded 
 50 of Target 
 
 5,449 shs 
 100 of Target 
 
 10,897 shs 
 200 of Target 
 
 21,794 shs 

Three year average, based on actual ROIC during Performance Period 
 
 For performance between threshold and target and between target and maximum, the number of ROIC Units awarded will be determined by interpolation to the nearest whole percentage of target. 
 
 Calculation ROIC for each fiscal year shall be calculated as operating 
 of ROIC income after depreciation and tax, divided by average invested capital for that fiscal year. All of the following ROIC inputs come directly from the audited financial statements. Operating income equals gross profit less operating expenses. Depreciation equals depreciation and amortization. Tax equals operating income less depreciation multiplied by the effective tax rate where effective tax rate equals federal and state income taxes divided by income before income taxes. Average invested capital equals the summation of notes payable to bank, current maturities of long-term debt, long-term debt, net of current maturities and total shareholders equity for the current fiscal year and the previous fiscal year divided by two. 
 
 EBITDA Units The award of EBITDA Units will be based on the Company s cumulative EBITDA during the Performance Period. 
 
 In its evaluation of EBITDA performance, the Committee may elect to include or exclude the effects of any of the events described in Section 9.2 of the Plan, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 The threshold, target and maximum number of EBITDA Units that may be awarded, subject to the TSR modifier described below, are as follows and will be determined based on threshold, target and maximum EBITDA goals, respectively 

Threshold 
 EBITDA 
 Target 
 EBITDA 
 Maximum 
 EBITDA 
 
 2,925M 
 3,102M 
 3,285M 
 EBITDA 
 Units 
 Awarded 
 50 of Target 
 
 5,449 shs 
 100 of Target 
 
 10,897 shs 
 200 of Target 
 
 21,794 shs 

For performance between threshold and target and between target and maximum, the number of EBITDA Units awarded will be determined by interpolation to the nearest whole percentage of target. 
 
 Calculation of EBITDA EBITDA shall mean the net income before net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization. 

TSR Modifier Total Shareholder Return TSR for the Company over the Performance Period shall be compared against TSR over the Performance Period for the companies comprising the S&P 500 as of the last day of the Performance Period, and will modify the number of Performance Units awarded according to the following table 
 
 Company TSR Performance Level 0 25th percentile 25th 75th percentile 75th 100th percentile TSR Modifier -1.25x (i.e., a 25 reduction) 1 (i.e., no change) 1.25x (i.e., a 25 increase) 
 
 If the Company s TSR percentile rank is between 0 and the 25th percentile, then the percentage reduction in the number of applicable Performance Units awarded will be 25 . Similarly, if the Company s TSR percentile rank is between the 75th and 100th percentile, then the percentage increase in the number of applicable Performance Units awarded will be 25 . 

TSR Defined Total Shareholder Return (or TSR) shall mean the change in the value, expressed as a percentage of a given dollar amount invested in the a company s common stock over the Performance Period, taking into account both stock price appreciation (or depreciation) and the reinvestment of dividends (including the cash value of non-cash dividends) in additional stock of the company. 
 Beginning and Ending Price for TSR The beginning price for a company s TSR shall be equal to the 20 trading-day average closing price for the publicly traded stock of the company immediately prior to, but not including the first day of, the Performance Period. The ending price for a company s TSR shall be equal to the 20 trading-day average closing price for the publicly traded stock of the company ending with the last day of the Performance Period. 
 
 Calculation of Percentile Rank After the end of the Performance Period, the percentile rank of the companies in the S&P 500, excluding the Company, will be ranked highest to lowest according to TSR, and a percentile rank will be calculated for each company. 
 
 If the Company s TSR is equal to or exceeds the highest TSR within the S&P 500 companies, then the Company s percentile is the 100th. 
 
 If the Company s TSR is equal to or below the lowest TSR within the S&P 500 companies, then the Company s percentile is zero. 
 
 Otherwise, the Company s percentile rank will be determined based on interpolation by reference to the two S&P 500 companies whose TSRs are immediately above and below the Company's TSR. 
 
 Certification of During the period between May 1, 2026, and June 15, 
 performance 2026, the Compensation Committee shall determine and 
 certify the Company s actual performance in relation to the aforementioned ROIC, EBITDA and TSR metrics and the extent to which Units are awarded. 
 
 Dividend equivalents The Participant shall be entitled to dividend equivalents, which are the right to receive, for each Unit ultimately awarded to the Participant, a cash payment equal to the cash and the fair market value of stock dividends (determined as of the Settlement Date) paid to shareholders between the Grant Date and the applicable Vest Date. Dividend equivalents will be paid in cash if and to the extent the applicable performance goals and time vesting requirements have been met. 

Special provisions Retirement 
 regarding vesting Notwithstanding the Vesting Requirements set forth 

of awards above, if the Participant s employment terminates by reason of retirement and (i) the sum of the Participant s age and full years of service with the Company on the retirement date is 75 years or higher, or (ii) the Participant is at least 55 years of age with 10 full years of service as of the retirement date, the Units that otherwise would not be vested as of the date of termination shall not be forfeited and shall be payable on the Vest Date, as applicable, as described above. 
 
 Death or Disability 
 Notwithstanding the Vesting Requirements set forth above, if the Participant s employment terminates because of the death or disability of the Participant, other than within 24 months following a Change of Control, (i) the Time-Based Units that otherwise would not be vested as of the date of such termination shall become vested as of such date, and (ii) the Performance Units that otherwise would not be vested as of the date of such termination shall become vested as of such date and be payable at the target level described above, pro-rated for the portion of the Performance Period completed. 
 
 Termination Without Cause of For Good Reason 
 Notwithstanding the Vesting Requirements set forth above, if the Participant s employment is terminated without Cause by the Company, for Good Reason by the Participant (which for purposes of this subsection only, as defined in the Participant s amended and restated Employment Agreement), other than within 24 months following a Change of Control, then a pro-rata portion of the Time-Based Units that otherwise would not be vested as of the date of such termination shall become vested as of such date, which portion shall be deemed to be a number of shares equal to the product of (i) the number of shares remaining unvested and subject to such restricted stock unit award as of the termination date and (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days elapsed from (1) the latest to occur of (x) the grant date of such award and (y) the day immediately following the most recent scheduled vesting date to occur under such award prior to the termination date through (2) the termination date, and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of calendar days in the period from the latest of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) through the scheduled vesting date under such award immediately following the termination date. 
 
 Change in Control 
 The Plan provides that in the event of a Change of Control, unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Award Agreement or employment or other similar agreement, all Awards that are outstanding and unvested as of immediately prior to such Change of Control will remain outstanding and unvested. 
 
 If, however, within 24 months following the Change of Control, the Participant s employment with the Company and its affiliates is terminated without Cause by the Company, for Good Reason by the Participant or as a result of the Participant s death or 

disability, then as of the date of such termination, all Units that are unvested or still subject to restrictions or forfeiture will automatically be deemed vested, and all restrictions and forfeiture provisions will lapse. 
 
 Furthermore, if, in connection with the Change of Control, no provision is made for assumption or continuation of the Units, or the substitution of such Units for new Awards covering shares of a successor corporation, in a manner that preserves the material terms and conditions of the Units, then as of the date of such Change of Control, all Units then held by such Participant will be treated as follows 
 all unvested Time-Based Units will automatically be deemed vested, and all restrictions and forfeiture provisions will lapse and 
 
 with respect to unvested Performance Units, the performance goals contained in this Award Summary shall no longer apply and, instead, the achievement of such performance goals shall be deemed satisfied based on the Company s performance as of immediately prior to the Change of Control, as determined by the Committee prior to the Change of Control. To the extent that performance goals are deemed satisfied, the Performance Units will automatically be deemed vested, and all restrictions and forfeiture provisions will lapse. 
 
 Change of Control, Cause and Good Reason are each defined in the Plan. 
 Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, including that the Settlement Date is the business day following the Vest Date, in the event that the Units become vested upon or in the event of a termination of employment following a Change of Control, the Units will be settled within five business days thereafter, provided that such Units shall not be settled until the earliest time permitted by Section 409A of the Code. 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21>
 4
 casy-ex21_2023430xq4.htm
 EX-21

Document 

SUBSIDIARIES OF CASEY S GENERAL STORES, INC. 
 
 1. Casey s Marketing Company, an Iowa corporation 
 2. Casey s Services Company, an Iowa corporation 
 3. Casey s Retail Company, an Iowa corporation 
 4. CGS Stores, LLC, an Iowa limited liability company 
 5. Heartland Property Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 6. Bucks, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company 
 7. Buchanan Energy (N), LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 8. Buchanan Energy (S), LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 9. Buck s, LLC of Collinsville, an Illinois limited liability company 
 10. C.T. Jewell Company, Inc., a Nebraska corporation 
 
 Casey s Marketing Company, Casey s Services Company and Casey s Retail Company are wholly owned by Casey s General Stores, Inc. The remainder of the subsidiaries are indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Casey s General Stores, Inc., as described below. 
 
 CGS Stores, LLC and Heartland Property Company, LLC, are wholly owned by Casey's Marketing Company. 
 
 Bucks, LLC, Buchanan Energy (N), LLC, Buchanan Energy (S), LLC, Buck s, LLC of Collinsville are wholly owned by Casey s Retail Company. 
 
 C.T. Jewell Company, Inc. is wholly owned by Bucks, LLC. 
 
 At April 30, 2023, almost all stores operated by the subsidiaries do business under the names Casey s and or Casey s General Store, while a limited number do business under the names GoodStop (by Casey s) , Bucky s, or, Minit Mart, except for two stores selling primarily tobacco products, one liquor store, and one grocery store. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 casy-ex231_2023430xq4.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-19179, 333-35393, 33-42907, 333-174560, 333-17561) on Form S-8 and Form S-3D of our reports dated June 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Casey s General Stores, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Des Moines, Iowa 
 June 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 casy-ex311_2023430xq4.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF DARREN M. REBELEZ 
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Darren M. Rebelez, certify that 
 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Casey s General Stores, Inc. 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated June 23, 2023 s Darren M. Rebelez Darren M. Rebelez, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 casy-ex312_2023430xq4.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF STEPHEN P. BRAMLAGE JR. 
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stephen P. Bramlage Jr., certify that 
 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Casey s General Stores, Inc. 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated June 23, 2023 s Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 casy-ex321_2023430xq4.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Casey s General Stores, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Darren M. Rebelez, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s Darren M. Rebelez Darren M. Rebelez, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated June 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 casy-ex322_2023430xq4.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Casey s General Stores, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Stephen P. Bramlage Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. Stephen P. Bramlage Jr. Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated June 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 casy-20230430.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 casy-20230430_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 casy-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 casy-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 casy-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

