<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230623_10-K_edgar_data_1644488_0001493152-23-022193.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11749986</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280495</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1634645</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4323234</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2276814</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2929005</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-022193.hdr.sgml : 20230623
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230623112333
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-022193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230623
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230623

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHARING SERVICES GLOBAL Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001644488
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				300869786
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55997
		FILM NUMBER:		231035812

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5200 TENNYSON PKWY #400
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714-203-6717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5200 TENNYSON PKWY #400
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sharing Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sharing Services Global Corporation.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sharing Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-022193.txt : 20230623

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

-OR- 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) YES 

As of September 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s
voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price for the registrant s Common
Stock, was . As
of June 21, 2023, there were shares
of the issuer s Class A Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 24 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 69 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 69 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 69 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 69 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 70 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 70 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 70 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 71 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 71 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 72 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 73 

ii 

In
this Annual Report, references to the Company, Sharing Services, our company, we, 
 our, ours and us refer to Sharing Services Global Corporation (formerly Sharing Services, Inc.)
and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires. 

cautionary
notice regarding forward-looking statements 

Statements
in this Annual Report and in any documents incorporated by reference therein which are not purely historical, or which depend upon future
events, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements generally contain
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, 
 potential, project, target, can, could, may, should, 
 will, will likely, would, or the negative of such words and/or similar expressions. However,
not all forward-looking statements contain these words. 

Readers
should not place undue reliance upon the Company s forward-looking statements, since such statements speak only as of the date
they were made. Such forward-looking statements may refer to events that ultimately do not occur, or may occur to a different extent,
or occur at a different time than such forward-looking statements describe. Except to the extent required by federal securities laws,
the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report and
in any documents incorporated by reference therein, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. The Company
acknowledges that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and/or results to differ
materially from the events and/or results described in the forward-looking statements. 

iii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Sharing
Services Global Corporation Sharing Services and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company aim to build
shareholder value by developing or investing in innovative emerging businesses and technologies that augment the Company s products
and services portfolio, business competencies, and geographic reach. 

Our
combined platform leverages the capabilities and expertise of various companies that market and sell products and services direct to
the consumer through independent contractors. The Company s new shared service platform is intended to service the direct selling
 gig economy sector by providing needed services (such as equity and inventory financing, advisory services, mobile application
tools, merchant processing services, commercial insurance, and event planning) to smaller direct sales companies initially in the United
States U.S. ). 

Currently,
the Company markets and distributes its health and wellness products primarily in North America (the U.S., Canada and Mexico) using a
direct selling business model. In addition, the Company delivers its member-based travel services primarily in the U.S. using a direct
selling business model. The Company markets its health and wellness products through its proprietary websites: www.thehappyco.com ;
and its subscription-based travel services using www.mytravelventures.com . 

The
Company intends to continue to grow its business both organically and by making strategic acquisitions from time to time of businesses
and technologies that augment its product portfolio, complement its business competencies, and fit its growth strategy. 

Our
History 

Sharing
Services was originally incorporated under the name Sharing Services, Inc. on April 24, 2015. In December 2017, the Company, through
its U.S.-based subsidiaries, launched its Elevate brand of health and wellness products. 

In
January 2019, Sharing Services, Inc. changed its corporate name to Sharing Services Global Corporation to better reflect the Company s
strategic intent to grow its business globally. In connection with the name change, the Company adopted the trading symbol SHRG effective
April 4, 2019. Prior to this, the Company s Common Stock traded under the trading symbol SHRV. 

In
February 2021, the Company rebranded its product offerings under the new marketing banner, The Happy Co TM , 
to capitalize on its vision that Everyone Deserves to be Happy . As part of this business initiative, the Company updated its customer
messaging to re-emphasize the Company s core values, including, among others: harnessing the power of happiness; 
 offering products you love; achieving more together; and offering products by people, for people. 

In
September 2021, the Company expanded its geographical footprint, and through its wholly-owned subsidiary, commenced operations in the
Republic of Korea (South Korea). 

In
late 2022, through its subsidiary, Hapi Travel Destinations MyTravelVentures or MTV ), the Company launched
a subscription-based travel service. MyTravelVentures services are designed to offer discounts in connection with travel, including
on airfare, cruises, hotels, resorts, time shares and rental cars for destinations throughout the world for people of all ages, demographics,
and economic backgrounds. MTV also provides entrepreneurial opportunities to its subscribers by capitalizing on both the direct selling
model and the retail travel business model. 

1 

Strategic
Growth Initiatives 

The
Company intends to grow its business by pursuing a multipronged growth strategy, that includes expanding: (a) its product offerings,
both within the health and wellness category and in new product categories, (b) its direct-to consumer geographic footprint (primarily
in Asia), and (c) its membership-based consumer travel products line worldwide. This growth strategy may also include the use of strategic
acquisitions of businesses that augment the Company s product and services portfolio, business competencies and geographic reach. 

Key
Global Industry and Business Trends 

We
believe the following industry and business trends will provide opportunities for the Company to grow its business in a sustained manner
in the future: 

The
 Global direct selling industry remains strong. According to the World Federation of Direct Selling Associations (the WFDSA ),
 worldwide industry sales were 186 billion an increase of 7.0 billion from prior year of 179 billion in 2020, with the Americas
 and Asia accounting for more than 124 billion in sales. 

Global
 interest in direct selling is strong. According to the WFDSA, the worldwide direct selling industry salesforce has grown from 114
 million in 2016 to 128 million in 2021, an increase of over 12 . 

The
 U.S. direct selling industry continues to grow. For example, total industry sales in the U.S. grew from 40.1 billion in 2020 to
 42.7 billion in 2021, an increase 6 , according to the U.S.-based Direct Selling Association (the DSA ). 

Interest
 in direct selling in the U.S. has grown in recent years. The number of direct sellers in the U.S. grew from 6.2 million in 2018 to
 7.3 million in 2021, an increase of over 18 , according to the DSA. 

Consumer
 attitudes to direct selling continue to be favorable. The results of a consumer attitude survey released by the DSA show that 80 
 of consumers consistently gave the direct selling industry a positive rating during the past 10 years. 

The
 level of interest in the direct selling industry is high among younger sectors of the population. Over 70 of the people involved
 in direct selling, in the U.S. and worldwide, were between the ages of 20 and 54, according to the WFDSA and the DSA. 

Participation
 in the industry by women is high. For example, women made up approximately 75 of the people involved in direct selling in 2021,
 in the U.S., according to the DSA. By comparison, the U.S. Census Bureau estimates that women make up about 51 of the overall 2020
 U.S. population. 

Wellness
 products are the largest sector in the industry. Wellness products (such as our Elevate product line), accounted for over 36 of
 the industry s sales in 2021, in the U.S., according to the DSA. 

The
 initial costs and business risks in direct selling are relatively lower. According to 2020 Consumer Attitudes Entrepreneurship
 Study, published by the DSA, the required start-up costs and business risks associated with direct selling in the U.S. are
 lower than those for most competing entrepreneurial business opportunities. 

2 

Travel
Services 

Travel
is essential to driving economic growth and job creation in states, destinations, and communities across the U.S., and it is indispensable
to our nation s global competitiveness. Travel accounted for 1.2 trillion in direct spending in 2022 which produced an
economic footprint of 2.6 trillion a return to 2019 levels. In 2022, travel supported nearly 15 million American workers and
directly employed 8 million. This economic and job growth was largely due to the robust return of domestic leisure travel, which far
outpaced the recovery of the business travel and international travel segments. 

International
travel plays a critical role in the US economy. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2019, international visitors spent 233.5 billion
experiencing the U.S.; injecting nearly 640 million a day into the U.S. economy. The U.S. travel and tourism industry generated 1.9
trillion in economic output, supporting 9.5 million American jobs, and accounted for 2.9 of U.S. Gross Domestic Product. At 14.5 of
international travel spending globally, international travelers spend more in the U. S. than any other country. 

Global
Travel 

The
travel industry accounted for approximately 5.8 trillion dollars globally, in 2021 a large portion of which came from the largest
travel companies in the world. These outfits cater to both businesses and individuals and make the process of transit and accommodation
a streamlined affair, with most transactions booked online. 

Business
Segments, Geographic Area Information and Seasonality 

The
Company operates primarily in two business segments: sale of health and wellness products, and sale of member-based travel services
through an independent sales force. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, approximately 99 and 93 , respectively,
of the Company s consolidated sales were derived from sales of health and wellness products. 

During
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, 91 and 87 , respectively, of the Company s consolidated sales were made to
customers and independent contractor distributors located in the United States (the U.S. ). See Note 20 -
 BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA INFORMATION of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report for more details. 

While
the Company s business generally is not highly seasonal in nature, sales activity is normally slower during November and December,
when many customers and independent contractor distributors in the U.S. traditionally take a holiday break. 

Competition

The
health and wellness direct selling industry is highly fragmented and competitive, and there are few barriers to entering the industry.
We compete with other direct selling businesses, including many that have a longer operating history, higher visibility and name recognition,
and more financial resources than we do. Among others, these network marketing companies include Amway Corporation, Avon Products, Herbalife
Nutrition, Mary Kay, Nature s Sunshine Products, The Body Shop, Nu Skin Enterprises and Youngevity International. Our competitors
also include a wide range of retailers, including traditional retail stores that offer their products in brick and mortar 
outlets and/or online, and e-commerce-based retailers. These retailers include, among other: CVS Health Corporation (Pharmacies), GNC
Holdings (a specialty retailer), Target Corporation, The Vitamin Shoppe, Walgreens Boots Alliance (Pharmacies) and Walmart. 

The
marketplace for subscription-based travel and leisure services is currently very dynamic and competitive, and highly fragmented. The
barriers to entry are low and new competitors continuously emerge. We compete with many well-known companies, including some with greater
resources, such as: Costco, Inspirato, Travel Leisure Club, TripAdvisor, and Virgin Hotels, just to name a few. Our competitors
may adopt aspects of our business model or may introduce new business models or services that we may need to adopt or otherwise adapt
to in order to compete effectively, which could reduce our ability to differentiate our travel services from those of our competitors.
Increased competition could result in a reduction in revenue, higher cost or reduced market share. We compete with many well-known companies,
including some with greater resources, such as: Costco Travel (a division of Costco Wholesale), Inspirato Inc., Travel Leisure
Co., TripAdvisor, Inc., and Virgin Hotels (a division of Virgin Group), just to name a few. 

3 

We
compete in these marketplaces by emphasizing differentiators such as our access to exclusive products and services, the quality and efficacy
of our product and service offerings, the reliability and convenience of our distribution system, and a personalized customer service
experience. We offer products and services that aim to improve the health and happiness of our customers and distributors. In addition,
our direct selling business model, provides our independent contractor distributors the opportunity to build wealth by growing and operating
of their own distribution business. 

We
also compete with other direct selling organizations in our efforts to attract and retain our independent contractor distributors by
emphasizing the strengths of our product line, entrepreneurship and leadership training, a comprehensive sales compensation plan, a strong
marketing focus, positive corporate values, and strong management leadership. 

Travel 

Thanks
to the 10 largest travel companies in the world, consumers are able to book a plane, hotel, cruise, rental car, and more, often through
one single web page. These companies can be dedicated to both businesses and consumers (oftentimes both) and are the biggest contributors
to the travel industry s nearly 5.8 trillion global economic contribution in 2021. 

Beginning
with the widespread adoption of the internet, the travel industry has split into two different sectors. The more traditional travel agency
is one where most customers interact on a personal one-to-one basis with a travel agent, and these have existed for many decades. Today,
the largest travel companies are all online and skip personal interaction to instead opt for integrated systems that work for every method
of travel. 

Currently,
the largest travel online companies in the world include: Booking.com; Priceline.com; Trivago; Expedia.com; Hotels.com; Hotwire.com; Orbitz.
Com; and Kayak.com. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe the following competitive strengths differentiate us from our competitors and will help drive our future growth: 

A
 strong management team consisting of senior and middle management professionals with significant direct selling industry and global
 business experience. 

An
 exclusive line of Nootropic products sourced through one or more exclusive strategic partnerships and not available through traditional
 sales channels. 

Best
 in class marketing process that focuses on the nutritional value and/or other health benefits of our health and wellness products. 

Our
 ability to offer our industry-exclusive brands directly to consumers using a friendly, highly trained entrepreneurial sales force. 

Our
 30-day, full customer satisfaction or your money back product return policy. 

4 

Travel 

Unlike
the other online travel companies that sell to the public and spend millions of dollars each month on radio, television and billboards,
MTV sells direct to consumers by way of independent sales representatives who promote and sell direct to consumers for a commission base
payout. We only sell to consumers that join their membership-based subscription, which then offer the lowest rates available and do not
mark up the travel unlike their competitors. Similar to large wholesale buying clubs like Costco and Sam s club, where the consumer
pays for a membership to offset the retail prices of consumer goods. Travel is sold at up to 65 off any companies, because we collect
a monthly membership fee which offsets the expenses. 

International
Reach 

During
our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, sales to customers and independent contractor distributors located in the U.S. accounted
for approximately 91 and 87 of consolidated sales, while sales to customers located in Korea were approximately 3 . 

In
June 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, commenced operations in the Republic of Korea (South Korea). During our
fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, 93 and 87 of our sales, respectively were denominated in U.S. dollars. 

Our
Health and Wellness Product Line 

The
Company launched its current health and wellness product line, under the name Elevate , in 2017. In 2021, we rebranded our products
under The Happy Co trademark. The Company s health and wellness product line consists of Nootropics, natural products aimed at
improving the health and happiness of its customers and distributors. We aim to grow health and wellness product offerings by developing,
acquiring, and introducing new products and services. In fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, 99 and 93 , respectively, of
the Company s consolidated sales were from sale of its health and wellness products. 

Key
Products and Services 

We
purchase our proprietary and non-proprietary products from independent formulators and manufacturers who specialize in wellness and skincare
products. We take pride in our commitment to offer the finest products in the industry, including, but not limited to: 

Health
 Wellness Products 

Elevate
MAX Happy Coffee - A delicious 100 Arabica coffee drink with a combination of at least five powerful mood-enhancing
ingredients and a non-stimulant thermogenic agent, p-synephrine, known to increase the breakdown of fats. When combined with XanthoMax ,
Elevate MAX coffee completes the set of four hormones that are associated with happiness. 

XanthoMax 
 Happy Caps - An encapsulated wellness supplement designed to deliver Xanthohumol, a powerful antioxidant, and Turmeric.
Xanthohumol is a natural ingredient that helps the body release elevated amounts of Oxytocin, commonly referred to as the hormone
of happiness. When combined with any of the Company s functional beverages XanthoMax completes the set of
four hormones that are associated with happiness. 

5 

KetoCre 
 Keto Creamer - A delicious Ketogenic creamer designed to support a healthy Keto diet, and a great addition to any weight
management program. 

Elevate
ZEST Happy + Lemonade - A refreshing, potent Nootropic blend with a smooth lemonade twist and a proprietary blend
of natural Nootropic ingredients designed to assist with mental clarity, memory, and energy. When combined with XanthoMax ,
Elevate ZEST completes the set of four hormones that are associated with happiness. 

ElevaciTea 
 Georgia Peach - A flavorful, Southern-style tea that delivers natural Georgia Peach flavor in every sip. ElevaciTea 
 Georgia Peach is a perfect afternoon pick-me-up with a proprietary blend of Nootropic ingredients designed to assist with mental
clarity, memory, and energy. 

ElevaciTea 
 Vanilla Chai - A flavorful afternoon pick-me-up, ElevaciTea Vanilla Chai is a creamy, spiced black tea
with a proprietary blend of Nootropic ingredients designed to assist with mental clarity, memory, and energy. 

Skincare
Products 

Age-Defying
Intensive Repair Serum - An age-defying serum that can help you restore the appearance of healthy and glowing skin. Our
proprietary Synchronized Peptide Complex TM has been stabilized through a patented process to deliver outstanding results.
This potent serum locks in moisture to help restore the skin s youthful look. 

Ultimate
Revitalizing Cream - A rich, anti-aging cream that helps illuminate and firm up the skin. Our proprietary Synchronized
Peptide Complex TM has been stabilized through a patented process to deliver outstanding results. This luxurious cream helps
the skin retain moisture and improve skin texture, for a firm and radiant looking skin. 

Member-Based
Travel Services 

In
late 2022, through its subsidiary, Global Travel Destinations (doing business as MyTravelVentures or MTV ),
the Company launched a subscription-based travel service. MyTravelVentures services are designed to offer discounts in connection
with travel, including on airfare, cruises, hotels, resorts, time shares and rental cars for destinations throughout the world for people
of all ages, demographics, and economic backgrounds. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
rely on a direct selling model consisting of independent contractor distributors and on customer referrals to promote and sell a majority
of our products. We believe this is an effective selling model since our independent contractor distributors can educate consumers about
our products in person, provide testimonials, and provide higher levels of customer support, compared to more traditional selling models.
The Company markets and sells its health and wellness products using its proprietary website: www.thehappyco.com and market
its subscription-based travel services through www.mytravelventures.com . 

We
provide support to our independent contractor distributors with marketing content, websites, events, and technology. We offer our products
and services online and provide our independent distributors with a virtual online Back Office website. This website is where independent
distributors can manage, monitor, and operate their businesses 24 hours a day from any location. In addition, we actively communicate
with our independent distributors about new products, price changes, policy changes, recruiting opportunities, sales promotions, and
other important matters via electronic mail, by phone and during our sales conventions. As deemed appropriate, sales conventions are
generally held once or twice a year and are attended or viewed digitally by our independent distributors. Each sales convention includes
the participation of one or more key personalities, including social media influencers, engaged in promoting our products and services.
In addition, each sales convention is attended by members of our executive team, providing an opportunity for our sales force to learn
about latest corporate and business initiatives, new products, and other matters relevant to their businesses. 

6 

Distribution
of Products and Services 

Distribution
and delivery of our health and wellness products in the North America is handled primarily by our distribution center in Addison, Texas.
On the other hand, sales, distribution, and delivery of our products in Asia is handled by our South Korean subsidiary. 

Retail
Customers and Independent Contractor Distributors 

The
Company distributes its health and wellness products and its subscription-based travel services through two distribution channels: (1)
sales to our retail customers consumers that buy our products from a distributor or through one of our websites, for personal
use and (2) sales to our independent contractor distributors that buy product for resale or for personal use. The Company s goal
is to monitor and grow both sales channels using different strategies. To grow our retail customer base, we offer high-quality, unique
products and travel services. Our strategy for growing our sales force of independent distributors includes providing a meaningful business
opportunity to them, a competitive sales compensation plan, sales incentives, and volume-based bonuses, as further discussed below. 

Any
person may join the Company as a distributor, or Brand Partner, by purchasing a Virtual Business System VBS for 49.00.
This kit includes the training and basic marketing materials which better enables our sales force to sell our products and build their
organization. Independent distributors may then purchase products for personal use or to build their sales organization. No product purchases
are required upon enrollment. 

Distributor
Agreement and Compensation 

Our
distributors are independent contractors, and the Company does not direct or control their efforts. However, the Company requires its
distributors to abide by its policies and procedures, and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. To become a distributor
an individual must affirmatively accept our standard Distributor Agreement as well as our Distributor Policies and Procedures. These
documents govern the relationship between the Company and each independent distributor. The Distributor Policies and Procedures outline
the scope of permissible marketing activities, and the Distributor Agreement defines the relationship between the distributor and the
Company. Our policies and procedures require that our distributors present our products, as well as the business opportunity, both ethically
and professionally. 

We
believe that our compensation plan offers our independent distributors an exciting and effective way to earn commissions. All our distributors
can earn commissions when they sell our products to their retail customers or their downline independent distributors. Additionally,
they can earn commissions when their own personally sponsored distributors (or downline) sell products to end users. There is no limit
as to the number of personally enrolled distributors or retail customers that an independent distributor may have. 

Each
distributor begins by purchasing a VBS. The VBS includes the training and basic marketing materials which better enables our sales force
to sell our products and build their organization. No commissions or bonuses are paid for enrolling other distributors. 

Additionally,
each month, our top producing distributors may also earn commission based on the sales levels achieved by such distributor and his/her
downline. This bonus commission is designed to compensate them for mentoring, training, and developing the distributors in their downline. 

The
Company s compensation plan is designed to promote customer acquisition and retention. The Company provides a back-office website
for our independent distributors to use in their ecommerce sales, but an affiliate may also sell directly to their customers. 

7 

We
rely upon our independent distributors to create customer demand and sales. We believe our plan is successful in helping to attract and
motivate our sales force and key industry leaders. Please see ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The dependence
of some of our subsidiaries upon a direct selling business model to sell our products, and the highly competitive and dynamic nature
of the direct selling industry and Our subsidiaries ability to attract and retain independent distributors;
the ability of a distributor to successfully perform his or her role; and the potential adverse impact of the loss of a high-level distributor
or a significant number of distributors for causes out of our subsidiaries control below for more information. 

Full
Customer Satisfaction Product Return Policy 

If
a consumer is not completely satisfied with the products they purchased, we offer a full refund, or exchange of the product, for items
returned within 30 days from the date of purchase. For products purchased by our independent distributors, we also offer a generous product
return policy that allows our distributors to get full credit for unopened and resalable items returned for up to 30 days from the date
of purchase, generally subject to a customary restocking fee. 

Trademarks
and Other Intellectual Property 

We
have obtained 28 trademark registrations issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We anticipate obtaining additional
U.S. trademark registrations in the future, in connection with the 13 applications presently pending. 

In
addition, we intend to file for trademark protection in jurisdictions outside the U.S. where we market and distribute or intend to market
and distribute our products, including, among others, in Canada, Mexico, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, Thailand, and the Philippines.
Trademark protection is increasingly important to our growing business. 

Several
of our products are manufactured under formulations and processes owned by some of our key vendors. Some of our key vendors have registered
or applied for patent registrations to maintain exclusivity over the ingredients, formulation and processes, and the integrated products
they supply to us. Such potential patents, the underlying ingredients, formulation and processes, and integrated products are material
to the Company s business. The Company reserves the right to join in any future actions to defend against any infringement on such
patents that could adversely affect the products the Company sells. If our vendors and us were unsuccessful in protecting such intellectual
property rights, this could have a material adverse effect on our business. Please see - RISK FACTORS - Our dependence
on one supplier for a substantial portion of the products we sell and the potential for material disruptions in our supply chain or potential
increases in the prices of the products we purchase beyond what we can pass along to our customers below for more information. 

To
protect our own intellectual property and proprietary processes that are material to the long-term health and profitability of the Company,
we maintain disciplined business practices to manage trade secrets and use various forms of confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements.
We consider trademark protection to be very important to our business and utilize an internal compliance team to closely monitor the
usage of our intellectual property. Please see ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The success of our efforts
to register our trademarks and to protect certain intellectual property rights below for more information. 

Strategic
Supply Chain Partnerships 

We
strive to maintain positive relationships with key business partners to ensure the continuous manufacturing, supply, and quality of our
products. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, product purchases from one supplier accounted for 92 and 64 , respectively,
of our product purchases. Please see ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our dependence on one supplier
for a substantial portion of the products we sell and the potential for material disruptions in our supply chain or potential increases
in the prices of the products we purchase beyond what we can pass along to our customers. 

8 

Regulatory
Environment 

Our
business is regulated by various federal, state, and local governmental agencies in the U.S. and by similar agencies in Canada and other
jurisdictions in which we market and sell our products. These laws and regulations are related to: (a) the manufacturing, labeling, distribution,
and sale of our products; (b) product claims and advertising; and (c) our network marketing program. 

Regulation
of Direct Selling Activities 

In
the United States, direct selling programs are subject to a variety of federal and state regulations governed by the United States Federal
Trade Commission (the FTC or a similar state agency. These regulations are generally intended to protect consumers from
fraudulent or deceptive sales practices. They also ensure that product sales are made to the ultimate consumers and that compensation
within the organization is made based upon actual sales transactions, rather than upon recruitment into the organization. 

The
Company monitors and, if necessary, responds to regulatory developments that may adversely affect its network marketing program. We believe
the Company is in material compliance with all applicable laws and regulations relating to direct selling activities in the United States
and other countries where we operate. 

Regulation
of Personal Care and Nutritional Food Products 

Personal
care and nutritional food products (including the products we sell) and certain related marketing and advertising practices are subject
to governmental regulation by various federal, state, and local government agencies and other authorities in the U.S., Canada, and other
jurisdictions where we market and distribute or intend to market and distribute our products in the future. These agencies and authorities
include the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the FTC, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the U.S. Department
of Agriculture, and various similar state and Canadian regulatory agencies. To date, we have not experienced any governmental actions
related to health or safety, or food and drug regulations regarding our products. 

The
FDA regulates both finished dietary supplement products (including health and wellness products such as ours) and dietary ingredients.
Dietary supplements are specifically regulated under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (the DSHEA). Under the DSHEA,
manufacturers and distributors of dietary supplements are prohibited from marketing products that are adulterated or misbranded. Generally,
such regulations apply prior to a product reaching the market. Once a product reaches the market, the FDA is responsible for taking enforcement
action against any product found to be an adulterated or misbranded dietary supplement. Unlike medications, dietary supplements and dietary
ingredients, such as those sold by the Company, do not require FDA approval before such products can be marketed and sold. 

The
FTC, which enforces consumer protection laws regarding truth in advertising, and similar state and foreign agencies regulate how we advertise
and market our products. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, and similar state and foreign agencies, seek to protect the public
from unreasonable risks of injuries or death associated with consumer products. In the U.S., Canada and other jurisdictions where we
operate, our products are also subject to laws and regulations concerning product formulation, labeling and packaging. These laws and
regulations often require us to, among other things, conform product labeling to local language and content description requirements,
register or qualify the products with the applicable government authorities, or obtain approvals or file required notifications prior
to marketing such products within certain jurisdictions. Many of the jurisdictions where we operate also regulate product capability
claims and advertising content. These regulations control the type of claims and representations that can be made regarding the capabilities
of products. For example, in the United States, it is unlawful to make claims that nutritional supplements will help diagnose, cure,
mitigate, treat, or prevent disease. Please see ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our ability to comply with
current consumer product laws and regulations or our becoming subject to new or more stringent consumer product laws and regulations
in the future below for more information. 

9 

Employees

As
of March 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company employed 43 and 68 persons, respectively, as follows: 

Location 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 United States 
 41 
 58 
 
 Asia 
 2 
 10 
 
 Total 
 43 
 68 

The
amounts above do not include the Company s independent distributors, which are independent contractors. Our employees are
not represented by labor unions. We believe that our relationship with our employees is positive, and we do not expect a shortage in
qualified personnel to continue our business growth. 

Access
to Public Filings 

Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to such reports, are
available to any person, without charge, upon written request to our Investor Relations Department at 5200 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 400,
Plano, Texas. You may also access copies of such reports, and other information about the Company, by visiting our corporate website:
 www.shrginc.com . 

In
addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains any reports and other information that we file with the SEC: www.sec.gov . 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If any of these events occurs, the market price of our
Common Stock could decline, and you could experience the loss of all or a portion of the value of your investment in our Common Stock.
You should not draw any inference about the relative magnitude or relevance of any particular risk from its position in the following
discussion. 

A
- Risks Relating to the Stock Distribution 

The
Distribution may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all. 

DSS,
Inc. DSS expects the Stock Distribution to be treated as a taxable non-liquidating distribution to its stockholders.
As a result, a U.S. stockholder of DSS may have a U.S. Federal income tax liability in respect of the Distribution without the receipt
of cash from DSS. 

Prior
to May 4, 2023, DSS and its affiliates held a controlling interest in our common stock. On May 4, 2023, DSS and Decentralized Sharing
Systems, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of DSS, DSSI distributed 280,528,500 shares it held of SHRG to DSS, Inc. shareholders
in connection with the Form S-1 (file no. 333-271184) initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2023, and
declared effective on April 25, 2023. DSS expects the Distribution to be treated as a taxable, non-liquidating distribution to its stockholders.
As such, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each U.S. stockholder of DSS receiving shares of Sharing Services Shares in the Distribution
would be treated as if such stockholder had received a distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of Sharing Services Shares
received, which would result in (1) a taxable dividend to the extent of such stockholder s pro rata share of DSS s current
and accumulated earnings and profits, (2) a reduction in such stockholder s basis (but not below zero) in DSS common stock to the
extent the amount received exceeds such stockholder s share of earnings and profits and (3) a taxable gain to the extent the amount
received exceeds the sum of the amount treated as a dividend and the stockholder s basis in the DSS Common Stock. Accordingly,
such stockholder may have a U.S. federal income tax liability in respect of the Distribution without the receipt of cash from DSS. 

10 

B
- Risks Associated with the Direct Selling Business Model: 

The
dependence of some of our subsidiaries upon a direct selling business model to sell our products, and the highly competitive and dynamic
nature of the direct selling industry. 

Some
of our subsidiaries operate in the direct selling industry market and distribute our products and services through a sales force of independent
contractor distributors. The distribution of our products and services depends upon their continued efforts to recruit, train, and retain
qualified and effective independent distributors. The success of their efforts to recruit and retain distributors may be affected by
the competitive environment among direct-to-consumer companies, the conditions of the general labor market, including levels of employment,
the occurrence of demographic and cultural changes in the workforce, and the extent to which their brand is recognized in the geographies
in which they operate. There can be no assurance that our subsidiaries will be successful in recruiting and retaining enough independent
distributors to grow their business worldwide. 

The
direct selling industry worldwide is highly competitive and dynamic, and generally there are few barriers to entering the industry. In
addition, the sale of health and wellness products by direct selling industry participants, online resellers, and others is highly competitive.
There are several companies, including many with more resources than the Company that offer competing health and wellness products. The
primary competitive factors for health and wellness products are (a) price; (b) the quality, perceived value, brand recognition and package
appeal of the product; (c) the skills and effectiveness of the independent distributor and customer service staff interacting with the
customer or potential customer; and (d) the continuous availability of enough product to fulfill orders promptly. There can be no assurance
that our subsidiaries will remain competitive or that competition in the industry will not intensify. 

If
our subsidiaries do not remain competitive and promptly and effectively respond to increased competition, including competition for independent
distributors, and to marketplace changes in the future, future sales of our products and services could decline. This could have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

11 

Our
subsidiaries ability to attract and retain independent distributors; our subsidiaries ability to develop and maintain positive
relationships with our independent distributors; the ability of a distributor to successfully perform his or her role; and the potential
adverse impact of the loss of a high-level distributor or a significant number of distributors for causes out of our subsidiaries 
control. 

Our
subsidiaries operating in the direct selling industry depend on the skills and marketability of their independent distributors to promote
their brand and to market and distribute our products and services. The direct selling industry generally experiences a relatively high
rate of salesforce turnover and is very competitive. The success of our subsidiaries efforts to recruit and retain distributors,
or to develop and maintain positive relationships with our independent distributors, may be affected by the competitive environment among
direct-to-consumer companies, the conditions of the general labor market, including levels of employment, the occurrence of demographic
and cultural changes in the workforce, and the extent to which our subsidiaries brand is recognized in the geographies in which
they operate. Our subsidiaries inability to attract and retain qualified distributors in the future, our subsidiaries inability
to develop and maintain positive relationships with our independent distributors in the future, the inability or failure of a distributor
to fulfill his or her role, including his or her role to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to direct-to-consumer sales
activities, the ineffectiveness of a distributor as a spokesperson for our subsidiaries brand and products, or the loss of a high-level
distributor or a significant number of distributors for causes out of their control may adversely affect future sales of our products
and services. This could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Changes
to our subsidiaries sales compensation plan could be negatively perceived by members of their independent sales force, could fail
to achieve the desired long-term goals, and could adversely impact future sales. 

Some
of our subsidiaries operating in the direct selling industry modify aspects of their sales compensation plan from time to time in efforts
to keep their sales compensation plan competitive and attractive to their existing and future sales force, to address changing market
conditions, to provide incentives that they believe will help grow their business, and to ensure conformance with evolving government
regulations, among other reasons. In addition, our subsidiaries may be required to modify their sales compensation plan from time to
time to comply with existing or new regulations in the future, including in response to potential governmental enforcement action. Changes
to our subsidiaries sales compensation plan, including changes perceived to reduce sales commissions earned by their independent
sales force, could be negatively received by their sales force, could fail to achieve the desired long-term goals, and could adversely
impact future sales. This, in turn, could adversely affect our consolidated business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

Certain
of our subsidiaries may be held responsible for certain taxes or assessments relating to the activities of their independent distributors. 

The
success of our subsidiaries operating in the direct selling industry depends on the effective use of an independent sales force to market
and distribute our products and services. Our subsidiaries business activities and the activities of their independent distributors
are subject to various local, state, and national laws and regulations and, in some instances, governmental agencies may seek to impose
on our subsidiaries an obligation to collect taxes, such as sales or value-added tax, to maintain appropriate tax records, or to otherwise
ensure compliance with local, state, or national laws and regulations by their distributors. In addition, some jurisdictions may challenge
a company s classification of its distributors as independent contractors and seek to make the company pay additional compensation
to its distributors or seek to make the company responsible to withhold and remit payroll and similar taxes with respect to compensation
paid to its distributors or with respect to the activities of its distributors. For example, in 2020, the State of California passed
legislation which seeks to expand the classification of employees. Other states and other jurisdictions where we operate, now or in the
future, may pass similar laws or interpret existing laws, rules, and regulations to expand the classification of employees. Although
the California legislation provides an exemption for direct sellers, such as the Company s subsidiaries operating in the direct
selling industry, there can be no assurance that other jurisdictions where we operate now or in the future will provide a similar exemption
or that judicial or regulatory authorities will not assert interpretations of law that would mandate that we change our classification.
In the event that any governmental agency challenges the classification of our subsidiaries distributors as independent contractors
or otherwise seeks to make our subsidiaries responsible to withhold and remit payroll or other taxes in connection with the activities
of their independent distributors, we may incur significant costs and expenses to defend us and our subsidiaries from such actions, with
no assurance that we will prevail, and our subsidiaries may ultimately be held responsible for such taxes in those jurisdictions in the
future. The occurrence of any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Civil
or governmental challenges to our subsidiaries direct selling system or independent distributor policies could harm our business. 

The
direct-to-consumer industry is subject to extensive governmental scrutiny, including as a result of various national, state, and local
laws and regulations. For example, in the U.S., the FTC has actively warned several direct selling companies, and the industry as a whole,
about certain business practices associated with direct selling and has entered into settlements with several direct selling companies
that required those companies to modify their compensation plans and business models. Those settlements resulted from FTC enforcement
actions involving a variety of alleged violations of consumer protection laws, including allegations of earnings potential misrepresentations
and challenges about the legal validity of the distributor compensation plans and business models. Elements of the network marketing
system or distributor policies of some of our subsidiaries may also be challenged by third parties, including their independent distributors,
by competing direct-to-consumer companies, and by others. 

12 

In
the countries where we operate, including the United States, the direct selling industry relies on the implementation of distributor
rules and policies designed to protect consumers, prevent inappropriate sales activities and marketing practices, and distinguish between
legitimate direct selling distribution systems and unlawful pyramid schemes. We and our subsidiaries have adopted formal rules and policies
that we believe are consistent with best domestic and global direct-to-consumer industry standards. The laws and regulations covering
the direct selling industry, however, often involve a high level of subjectivity and are subject to judicial interpretation. Because
of this, there can be no assurance that elements of our subsidiaries network marketing system, including representations made
by their independent distributors, or elements of their distributor policies will not be challenged in civil or governmental actions,
or that the application and interpretation of laws or regulations governing the direct-to-consumer industry in the future would not be
harmful to our subsidiaries business. The occurrence of any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

C
 Risks Associated with our Growing Business: 

The
success of our growth initiatives, including our efforts to attract new customers, build brand awareness, and expand into international
areas, and our efforts to generate recurring customer orders, which we call SmartShip orders. 

Our
long-term success is dependent on our ability to achieve sustained growth. We are a developing company and had no significant sales history
prior to December 2017, when our U.S.-based subsidiaries launched their Elevate health and wellness product line. During the period from
December 2017 through October 2019, our consolidated sales increased at a fast pace. During the following three years, however, we have
experienced sales declines or stagnation. In efforts to restore growth, in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2021,
we launched a multipronged growth strategy intended to accelerate sales growth, including by: (a) expanding our product offerings in
the U.S., (b) initiating operations in countries like South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, Thailand, and the Philippines, among others,
and (c) launching our previously announced membership-based consumer travel products line worldwide. In addition, we have made significant
investments in developing and launching a new business brand, The Happy Co . , in February 2021, in the U.S. There
can be no assurance that these strategic initiatives will result in the consolidated sales growth we anticipate, or any sales growth
at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

Our
ability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes in consumer preferences and buying trends in several countries in a timely manner. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to anticipate, evaluate, and respond in a timely manner to changes in consumer preferences and
buying trends, particularly for health and wellness products, in the countries we operate. We anticipate that continuously changing consumer
preferences and buying trends will affect future worldwide demand for health and wellness products, and other consumer products and services.
If we do not effectively identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving consumer preferences and buying trends, including consumer
demands for health and wellness products and services, our consolidated business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows may be adversely affected. 

Our
ability to maintain a positive image and brand acceptance in the dynamic, highly competitive, and sometimes unpredictable marketplace,
including the impact of social media. 

In
recent years, there has been a significant increase in the use by businesses of social media platforms, including informal blogs, social
media websites, and other forms of internet-based communications. Social media can enable a business to reach a wide selection of consumers
and other targeted audiences, generally in a more cost-effective way than more traditional forms of marketing and advertising. However,
negative, inaccurate, or false information about a company or the products it sells may be circulated through social media quickly and
may damage a company s reputation and business. In addition, negative, inaccurate, or false information about a company or the
products it sells may be circulated through more traditional communication means. Many consumers and independent distributors of direct-to-consumer
companies value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation. The harm caused by the
circulation of negative, inaccurate, or false information about a company or its products may be immediate, and opportunities to redress
and correct the information may be slow and costly. If we were the victim of allegations, or the dissemination of negative, inaccurate,
or false information, circulated through social media or otherwise, this could adversely impact our reputation and business and could
result in the loss of independent distributors and in a decline in our future sales. 

13 

The
Company also uses social media platforms, including Facebook and Instagram, to communicate with existing and prospective customers, independent
distributors, vendors, and employees, and to otherwise promote its products and services. Laws and regulations intended to govern the
use of the Internet and social media platforms are complex and evolving. If we, our employees, our subsidiaries independent distributors,
or other third parties acting on our behalf were found to be in violation of any of these laws and regulations, this could result in
fines and enforcement actions and adversely impact our reputation and business. 

The
occurrence of any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Our
dependence on one merchant processor for a material portion of our sales proceeds. 

The
availability of merchant processing providers willing to serve smaller companies is limited. Substantially all our credit card sales
in the U.S. are processed by one merchant processor. Any disruption in the operations of this merchant processor, as a result of organized
labor disputes, natural disasters, acts of cyberterrorism or otherwise, could disrupt or substantially decrease our cash flows from operation.
If this occurred, particularly for an extended period, we may not be able to meet our obligations, including servicing our debt now or
in the future. The occurrence of any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Our
long-term success depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees and management, and to develop effective management
succession plans. 

As
a growing business, our long-term success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain talented employees and senior executives
who have strong knowledge, experience, and managerial skills, including in the direct selling industry. From time to time, key employees
may retire or otherwise leave our business, and we may experience delays or be unsuccessful in attracting and integrating the new staff
required to grow and operate our business profitably. In addition, as a growing company with a relatively limited number of executives
currently on staff, our ability to develop effective management succession plans is limited. Effective management succession planning
is important to our long-term success because failure to effectively transfer knowledge and to complete a smooth management transition
could hinder or disrupt our strategic planning initiatives and/or adversely affect future execution of those initiatives and our performance.
The occurrence of any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Our
ability to effectively manage and control our operating expenses. 

We
are a growing company and have not achieved sustained growth and profitability. Our ability to consistently generate earnings from operations
depends in large part on our ability to successfully control our operating costs and expenses, while we continue to invest in strategic
initiatives intended to grow our sales volume and business infrastructure, including our international footprint. In furtherance of this
goal, we have intensified our ongoing activities to control operating costs and expenses, including by strengthening our financial management
processes. There can be no assurance that our strategic initiatives and cost control efforts will result in the levels of profitability
and positive cash flows that we expect, if at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

14 

Our
quarterly and annual financial performance and potential fluctuations therein. 

Our
quarterly and annual financial performance may fluctuate and adversely affect the price of our Common Stock, often for causes outside
of our control. For example, consumer demand for our products and services and, as a result, our quarterly and annual consolidated sales
levels, may increase or decrease materially, among other things, because of changes in actual or anticipated levels of employment, changes
in the interest rates applicable to consumer credit cards, inflation, national or local political uncertainty, increased competition,
and changes in consumer sentiment in general in the countries where we operate. In addition, our results of operations and cash flows
may decrease because of, among other things, potential increases in our product costs beyond that which we can pass along to our customers,
changes in the willingness or ability of our suppliers to provide product to us in a timely manner, increases in labor costs and in payroll
tax rates, and changes in the regulatory environment in the countries where we operate. The occurrence of any of these conditions could
have a material adverse effect on our quarterly financial performance and adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. 

Our
ability to generate sustained positive cash flows from operations or to obtain additional financing, if needed, with which to fund our
working capital needs, including servicing or refinancing our debt, now and in the future. 

We
are a developing company and have not consistently generated sustained positive cash flows from operations. We have experienced significant
fluctuations in our operating cash flows, or have otherwise depended on the issuance of equity securities and debt, including convertible
notes and short-term borrowings under financing arrangements, in order to meet our working capital needs. For example, during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, our net cash used in operating activities was 9.0 million and 15.2 million, respectively. If the
Company is unable to generate sustained positive cash flows from operations or to obtain additional equity or debt financing, if needed,
this could inhibit the Company s ability to implement its business strategies and to grow its business, service its debt, now or
in the future, and otherwise meet its business goals. This could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on its financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
financial performance could be adversely affected by economic downturns, particularly over an extended period. 

Our
results of operations may be materially impacted by changes in general economic conditions in the countries where our products are sold.
The economies in such countries may be adversely affected by changes in government policy and/or by, among other things, changes in levels
of employment, changes in tax laws, increases in energy costs, geopolitical conflict, natural disasters or acts of terrorism, widespread
health crises, changes in consumer credit card interest rates, inflation, and changes in consumer sentiment in general. For example,
as further discussed below, business activity in several sectors of the global economy were severely reduced because of the recent COVID
pandemic. These conditions, in turn, resulted in significant economic contraction in the countries where we operate. In the event of
a significant economic downturn, particularly over an extended period of time, whether as a result of a similar health crisis or otherwise,
consumer spending habits could be adversely affected over a longer term, and we could experience lower than expected sales. Any economic
downturn could also adversely affect one or more of our key suppliers. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
business and financial performance could be adversely affected by inflation. 

In
recent history, inflation has generally been low in the geographies where we operate. However, at the time of this Annual Report, the
inflation rate in the United States remains around 5 , primarily as a result of higher energy, housing, and food costs. In the event
of a significant increase in consumer prices, particularly over an extended period of time, consumer demand for discretionary products,
such as our health and wellness products, could be adversely affected, and we could experience lower than expected sales. In addition,
if any of our suppliers implemented price increases, in response to higher raw material, labor, and energy costs or otherwise, we may
not be able to pass along such price increases to our customers and our profitability may be reduced. The occurrence of any of these
events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
success of our efforts to register our trademarks and to protect certain intellectual property rights. 

We
have applied for, or are in the process of applying for, trademark protection in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions where we market
and distribute or intend to market and distribute our products. We have obtained 28 trademarks and have over 13 pending trademark applications
in the U.S. We anticipate securing additional U.S. trademarks and foreign trademarks. Trademark protection is increasingly important
to our business. If we fail to register or enforce our intellectual property rights or if our intellectual property rights are successfully
challenged, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

15 

Several
of our products are manufactured under formulations and processes owned by some of our key vendors. Some of our key vendors have registered
or applied for patent registrations to maintain exclusivity over the ingredients, formulation and processes, and the integrated products
they supply to us. Such existing or potential patents, the underlying ingredients, formulation and processes, and integrated products
could be material to our business. The Company reserves the right to join in any actions to defend against any infringement on such vendor-owned
patents that could adversely affect the products the Company sells. If we, and our vendors, were unsuccessful in protecting such intellectual
property rights, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
potential unintended infringement on the intellectual property rights of others. 

The
health and wellness industry is competitive and characterized by the need for trademarks to protect intellectual property rights, and
by claims of infringement or other violation of intellectual property rights. A third party may assert that one or more of our products
violates that party s intellectual property rights. Any successful intellectual property claim against us in the future could result
in significant financial liability and/or prevent us from selling the affected product afterwards. In addition, the resolution of infringement
claims may require that we redesign our products, obtain licenses to use intellectual property belonging to a third party, or cease using
the intellectual property altogether. Moreover, any intellectual property claim, regardless of its merits, could be expensive and time-consuming
to defend against. As a result, claims based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights, regardless
of the outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

From
time to time, we are a party to lawsuits and other claims that may result in adverse outcomes. 

In
recent years, we have been a party to several claims and lawsuits arising from a wide variety of business activities, including acquisition-related
contingencies, disputes between the Company and certain former officers, disputes between the Company and certain shareholders, and disputes
between the Company and former independent distributors. Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s
assessment of these uncertainties may change in the future, including as a result of new information. A material adverse impact to our
consolidated financial position and results of operations could occur in a period in which an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and
reasonably estimable, and a material adverse cash flow could occur in the period when these lawsuits or claims are settled. 

Our
efforts to expand into foreign markets will increasingly expose us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and other risks inherent
to foreign operations. 

During
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, 91 and 87 , respectively, of our sales have been to customers and independent
distributors located in the United States. However, as part of our strategic growth initiatives, in recent years we initiated efforts
to expand our operations in other countries, mainly in Asia. As a result, the amount of our reported consolidated sales, expenses, and
cash flows may be significantly affected by fluctuations in the relevant foreign currency exchange rates, as we translate the financial
statements of our foreign operations from their functional currency into our reporting currency, the U.S. Dollar. In addition, as a multinational
consolidated group, we and some of our domestic or foreign affiliates may obtain and hold assets and liabilities denominated in a currency
different from our or their functional currency, in the normal course of business. As a result, we and some of our affiliates may incur
foreign currency transaction gains and losses in connection with such assets and liabilities. 

16 

Our
business may also become exposed to more adverse economic, regulatory, and other conditions in the international areas to which we market
and distribute our products now or in the future, compared to those in the U.S. For example, our future international operations may
result in exposure to more restrictive consumer safety, product labeling and other consumer product regulations; more restrictive labor
laws and regulations; more frequent or unexpected changes in the regulatory environments; more economic volatility; higher rates of inflation;
or higher political instability, compared to the U.S. Furthermore, our international operations may expose us to higher consolidated
income tax rates, import and export restrictions and tariffs, restrictions on the expatriation of cash to the U.S., and potentially adverse
changes in trade agreements between the U.S. and a particular foreign country where we market and distribute our products now or in the
future. 

The
occurrence of any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

Our
ability to respond to any natural disasters, epidemics, and other health emergencies, or acts of violence or terrorism that may affect
our customers and/or our business effectively and cost-efficiently. 

The
occurrence of natural disasters, epidemics or other health emergencies, or acts of violence or terrorism in the geographies we market
and distribute our products now and in the future, could result in physical damage to our property, the temporary or long-term closure
of a facility, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products (or a substantial increase in the cost of those products)
to us, the temporary or long-term reduction in our ability to sell products and grow our business, and/or the temporary reduction in
consumer demand for our products and services. In addition, if one or more natural disasters, epidemics, or other health emergencies,
or acts of violence or terrorism were to impact our global business, our insurance costs may rise significantly afterwards. The occurrence
of any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

D
 Risks Associated with our Products, and with Product and Consumer Laws and Regulations: 

Our
dependence on one supplier for a significant portion of the products we sell and the potential for material disruptions in our supply
chain or potential increases in the prices of the products we purchase beyond what we can pass along to our customers. 

We
depend on one supplier for a significant portion of the products we sell. Any disruption or substantial decrease in the supply of product
by this supplier, as a result of a shortage of raw materials, organized labor disputes, natural disasters, acts of cyberterrorism, or
otherwise, could disrupt or substantially decrease our ability to fulfill customer orders. If this occurred, particularly for an extended
period, we may not be able to continue to offer these or similar products and our future sales may decline. In such event, we may not
be able to offset the decline in sales through substitution of product, price increases, or otherwise. In addition, if this supplier
or any of our suppliers implemented unilateral price increases, we may not be able to pass along such price increases to our customers
and our profitability may be reduced. Further, if this supplier or any of our suppliers fails to continue to supply product of adequate
quality and in a timely fashion to us, this could adversely affect our future sales. The occurrence of any of these conditions could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Past
or future reformulations of our products, including in response to potential governmental enforcement action, could be negatively received
by our independent sales force and customers, and adversely impact future sales. 

As
part of our commitment to continuously improve our products, we introduce product reformulations and other product enhancements from
time to time. In addition, we may be required to modify our product formulations from time to time to comply with existing or new regulations
in the future, including in response to potential governmental enforcement action. Changes to our product formulations, whether as a
result of potential governmental enforcement action or not, could be negatively received by our independent sales force and customers,
and could adversely impact future sales, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Potential
product liability claims could harm our business. 

Historically,
product liability claims have not been material to our business. However, given the increase in product liability claim activity in recent
years and the increased application of a strict liability legal standard to those claims particularly in the U.S., we purchase
product liability insurance to minimize the financial risks associated with such claims or potential claims. The sources of product liability
insurance coverage in the countries where we market and distribute our products are limited, product liability coverage is increasingly
expensive, and product liability insurance policies contain many exclusions. We believe our product liability insurance policies significantly
mitigate the potentially adverse financial impact to us resulting from most potential product liability claims. However, there can be
no assurance that our product liability coverages are adequate to protect us sufficiently and against all potential claims. For example,
if any of our products is found to have caused personal injury to a consumer, we might be subjected to liability substantially in excess
of our insurance coverages. Any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

17 

Nutritional
supplements are often supported only by limited available clinical studies. 

Nutritional
supplements, such as many of the Company s health and wellness products, have a long history of human consumption. Some of our
products may contain innovative ingredients or contain combinations of ingredients. Although we believe that all our products are safe
when taken as directed, there is only limited data available about human consumption of certain of these product ingredients or combinations
of ingredients in concentrated form. We and our key suppliers conduct research and test the formulation and production of our products,
however, there are only limited, if any, conclusive clinical studies available about our products and similar product in the marketplace.
Furthermore, because we are highly dependent on consumer perception of the efficacy, safety, and quality of our products, we could be
adversely affected in the event that our products, or similar product in the marketplace, are proven or asserted to be ineffective or
harmful to consumers or in the event of publicity associated with any adverse effects resulting from the use or misuse of our products,
or similar products in the marketplace. Any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

If
we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with the regulations of the United States Food and Drug Administration and other governmental
agencies in the United States and abroad, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could
be subject to civil, criminal or monetary penalties. 

Our
operations are subject to regulation by different state and federal government agencies in the United States and other countries, as
well as to the standards established by international standards bodies. If we fail to comply with those regulations or standards, we
could be subject to fines, penalties, criminal prosecution or other sanctions. Some of our products are subject to regulation by the
United States Food and Drug Administration and similar foreign and domestic agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of product
activities, from design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. If we fail to comply with those
regulations or standards, we may have to recall products, cease their manufacture and distribution, and may be subject to fines or criminal
prosecution. 

We
are also subject to a variety of laws, regulations and standards that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of
products, the handling, transportation and manufacture of toxic or hazardous substances, the collection, storage, transfer, use, disclosure,
retention and other processing of personal data, and our business practices in the United States and abroad such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption
and competition laws. This requires that we devote substantial resources to maintaining our compliance with those laws, regulations and
standards. A failure to do so could result in the imposition of civil, criminal or monetary penalties having a material adverse effect
on our operations. 

18 

Our
ability to comply with current consumer product laws and regulations or our becoming subject to new or more stringent consumer product
laws and regulations in the future. 

Our
business and the products we sell are subject to several national, state, and local laws and regulations in the countries where we currently
market and distribute or intend to market and distribute our products. These laws and regulations generally govern the composition, packaging,
labeling and consumer safety of the products we sell, as well as the information we use to market these products. In addition, the laws
and regulations applicable to us and our products may become more stringent in the future. For example, the State of California enforces
recent legislation that requires that clear and reasonable warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals
known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. Although we actively seek to comply with the requirements
of this and all other laws and regulations applicable to our business and products, there can be no assurance our products would not
be found to be defective in labeling or content, or that the labeling and content of our products will not be challenged in civil or
enforcement actions in the future. Our continued compliance with existing or new consumer product laws and regulations could also require
the review and possible reformulation or relabeling of our products, as well as the potential removal of some products from the marketplace.
In addition, the existence of more stringent consumer product laws and regulation in countries where we intend to market and distribute
our products, could hinder our ability to grow our business into such countries. If we were found to be in violation of existing or new
consumer product laws or regulations in the future, this could result in significant fines or damages and other enforcement actions,
in addition to significant costs and expenses to defend the resulting claims. The occurrence of any of these conditions could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

E
- Risks Associated with our System of Internal Controls, and with our Disclosure Controls: 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result,
the value of our securities. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, and disclosure
controls and procedures. Under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to furnish a report by management on, among
other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This report must include disclosure of any material
weaknesses identified by our management during its periodic assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness
is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that results in more than a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our compliance
with Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we incur substantial accounting expense, and that our management spend significant
time and efforts in its assessment of such internal control over financial reporting. 

During
the evaluation process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting,
we would be required to implement remediation procedures aimed at mitigating the control weakness or weaknesses. Until such remediation
procedures succeed in mitigating the control weakness or weaknesses, we would be unable to assert that our internal control over financial
reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control
over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our
ability to timely and accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that
our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have
a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, we could lose investor
confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our securities could decline, and we could
be subject to enforcement actions by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Any failure to promptly remedy any material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies,
could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
we file or submit under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures
or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and executed, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple human error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by
the individual acts of a person, by collusion of two or more people, or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because
of the inherent limitations in any control system, misstatements, or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not
be detected. 

19 

F
 Risks Associated with our Information Technology Systems and with Cybersecurity and other External Factors: 

We
may be adversely affected by any disruption in our information technology systems. 

We
depend on our information technology systems to manage most of our major business functions, including sales order processing, independent
sales force service and support, billings and collection, human resources and recordkeeping, and accounting and reporting. More specifically,
we rely upon our information technology systems to procure and replenish inventory, to fulfill and ship customer orders, to coordinate
our sales activities across several functional areas, to carry out our administrative activities, and to protect personal or sensitive
information about our customers, independent distributors, employees, vendors, and other business partners that we received in the ordinary
course of our business. A substantial disruption in our information technology systems could result in delays in receiving product and
in filling customer orders, and adversely affect our relationships with our customers, independent distributors, employees, vendors,
and other business partners, and damage our reputation and business. 

As
our operations rapidly grow in both size and scope, we continuously need to scale and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to meet
increased demand, while preserving their reliability and integrity. For example, we recently implemented an information system upgrade
in the U.S. to better accommodate our current and anticipated growth. Any expansion or upgrade to our systems and infrastructure in the
future will require us to commit substantial financial, operational, technical, and human resources before the volume of our business
increases, with no assurance that the volume of business will increase to the extent we expect or at all. Also, there can be no assurance
that any system expansion or upgrade will result in the anticipated benefits and efficiencies, or that the costs of such system expansion
or upgrade will not outweigh the benefits and efficiencies derived. 

Any
of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
may be adversely affected by potential acts of cyberterrorism. 

The
normal course of our business requires the collection, transmission, and retention of large volumes of confidential and proprietary information,
including personal or confidential information of our customers, independent distributors, suppliers, and employees in the information
technology systems that we maintain and in those maintained by certain third parties with which we do business. We operate in a global
environment characterized by increasing threats of cyberterrorism. Information technology system threats can take a variety of forms.
Individual hackers, groups of hackers, and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored organizations or nation-states, often
commit cyberattacks that pose threats to government, military, educational, and business institutions, among others. These actors could
use a wide variety of methods, which could include the development and deployment of malicious software or exploiting vulnerabilities
in hardware, software, or other infrastructure in order to gain access to networks and data, potentially compromising sensitive customer,
independent distributor, supplier, employee, or other information. 

Cyber-threats
are constantly evolving, making it increasingly difficult to prevent, detect and successfully defend against. A potential breach of our
facilities, data systems or data security could disrupt the operations of our information technology systems and business, impair our
ability to ship product or provide services to our customers, and potentially compromise the privacy of our data, including our confidential
or technical business information. In addition, the risk of one or more cybersecurity incidents may be heightened as many of our employees
work remotely, for example, as a result of the COVID pandemic. Any of these things could harm our reputation or competitive position, require
us to allocate more resources to improve our systems, technologies, and infrastructure, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

20 

The
long-term effects of the COVID pandemic, if any, or other similar public health crises, may continue to amplify the risks and uncertainties
facing our business. 

The
long-term impacts of the social, economic, and financial disruptions caused by the COVID pandemic and the government responses to such
disruptions are unknown. In addition, the impact on our business of the long-term effects of the COVID pandemic, or other similar public
health crises, will depend on numerous factors that we cannot accurately predict. 

The
long-term effects of the COVID pandemic, or other similar public health crises, may also continue to amplify other risks discussed in
this ITEM 1A, RISK FACTORS, including risks related to macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence and spending, supply chain, information
security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, and our workforce, any of which could have a material effect on us. For example, the rise
in remote working arrangements by our employees, vendors, and other third parties that began during the COVID pandemic increases the
risk of a data security compromise and has amplified our already extensive reliance on computing and information systems and unimpeded
Internet access. 

G
 Risks Associated with our Common Stock, with our Preferred Shareholder Rights, and with our Smaller Reporting Company 
status: 

Future
sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase our Common Stock, including issuances pursuant to stock warrants
currently outstanding, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership by our existing stockholders and could cause
our trading price to decline. 

We
expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to fund our planned growth, including our ongoing efforts to
expand our footprint outside the U.S. To raise capital, we may sell substantial amounts of Common Stock or securities convertible into
or exchangeable for Common Stock. Future issuances of equity or equity-linked securities, together with future conversions of our Preferred
Stock and exercises of stock warrants currently outstanding or granted in the future, and shares issued in connection with future acquisitions,
if any, may result in material dilution to the equity interests of our existing investors. In addition, as a result of such future issuances,
new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the current holders of our Common Stock. 

Our
Board of Directors may adopt an equity compensation plan in the future to enhance our efforts to attract and reward employees, executives,
and consultants with grants of equity-based awards. Future issuances of equity-based awards, including issuances under any such future
equity compensation plan, may result in material dilution to the equity interests of our existing investors and have an adverse effect
on the market price of our securities. 

Our
Common Stock has historically had a limited market and high stock price volatility. If an active trading market for our Common Stock
develops, trading prices for our stock may be more volatile. 

The
principal U.S. market for our Common Stock is the OTCQB Market, an over-the-counter trading platforms market operated by OTC Markets
Group Inc. Our Common Stock has historically had limited daily trading activity. In addition, the price of our stock has historically
been volatile. For example, the 52-week trading price for our Common Stock has ranged from 0.036 to 0.012 per share. Many factors,
some of which are beyond our control, may cause the price of our Common Stock to decline over the short-term or over a long-term, regardless
of our operating results. These factors include, among others, fluctuations in our operating results; trends or adverse publicity related
to our business, products, competitors or industry; the unwillingness of some stockbrokers to place trading orders in our stock and the
resulting limitations in the number of stockbrokers willing to trade our stock; the concentration of a large number of shares of our
Common Stock in one or a few stockholders, the sale of our Common Stock by one or more significant stockholders, changes in the economic
conditions in the geographies where we operate, and a decline in the stock market in general. If an active market for our Common Stock
develops, trading prices for our stock may be more volatile and expose our stockholders to a higher risk of loss of principal over the
short-term or over a long-term. 

21 

Certain
rights of our Preferred Stockholders may limit your rights as a Common Stockholder. 

The
Company s authorized capital stock structure is comprised of multiple classes of Common Stock (Class A and Class B) as well as
Preferred Stock (Series A, B and C). As of March 31, 2023, there were 347,451,880 shares of its Class A Common Stock, 3,100,000 shares
of its Series A Preferred Stock; and 3,220,000 shares of its Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. There are no shares of
the Company s Class B Common Stock or Series B Preferred Stock currently issued and outstanding. 

The
rights of the holders of Series A and C Preferred Stock are set out in a Certificate of Designation (for each such series) filed in the
State of Nevada. Pursuant to such Certificates of Designation, each share of Series A and Series C Preferred Stock entitles the holder
to one vote and is convertible into one share of our Class A Common Stock, at the option of the holder, subject to certain regulatory
restrictions. In addition, pursuant to such Certificates of Designation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 86 of the shares
of the Series A and the Series C Preferred Stock outstanding is required for the Board to declare and pay dividends and other distributions
upon the shares of the Company s Common Stock, unless, with respect to a cash dividend, the holders of the Company s Preferred
Stock (including the Series A and the Series C Preferred Stock) are to receive the same cash dividend as the Common Stock, on an if converted
basis. Further, the shares of our Preferred Stock are senior to the shares of our Common Stock with regards to distributions in the event
of dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary. 

The
preferred shareholder rights discussed above may constitute a material limitation on the rights of our Common Stockholders, including
the right to receive dividends and other to distributions, if any. The reduced disclosure requirements applicable to us as a smaller
reporting company may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As permitted by scaled disclosure requirements
applicable to smaller reporting companies under the Exchange Act, the information we disclose may differ or be less comprehensive, when
compared to that of larger filers. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of less comprehensive information
we may disclose pursuant to the exemptions available to us as a smaller reporting company, there may be a less active trading market
for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile than that of an otherwise comparable company that does not avail itself
of the same or similar exemptions. 

H
- Risks Related to Current World Events 

An
escalation of the current war in Ukraine, generalized geopolitical conflict in Europe, or the emergence of conflict elsewhere, may adversely
affect our business. 

An
escalation of the current war in Ukraine, generalized conflict in Europe, or the emergence of conflict elsewhere may adversely affect
our business if the U.S. capital markets become risk averse for a prolonged period of time, and/or there is a general slowdown in the
global economy. 

22 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
following table provides information about our material facilities: 

Location 
 Type of Facility 
 Leased/Owned 
 Sq. Feet 
 
 Plano, Texas 
 Corporate Headquarters 
 Leased 
 5,560 
 
 Addison, Texas 
 Distribution Center 
 Leased 
 11,100 
 
 Lindon, Utah 
 Office Building 
 Owned 
 25,800 
 
 Seoul, South Korea 
 Asian Office 
 Leased 
 2,612 

In
March 2022, the Company entered into a 7-year lease for its current Corporate Headquarters in Plano, Texas. The Company relocated to
its current headquarters during the second quarter of its fiscal year 2023. 

In
June 2021, the Company commenced operations in Seoul, South Korea in a facility subleased from HWH World, Inc. HWH
World ), a subsidiary of DSS and a company affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, a Director of the Company. In May 2022, the
Company and HWH World amended the related sublease agreement to reduce the space subleased by the Company and to reduce the related
rent obligation. As of March 31, 2023, the agreement constitutes a month-to-month arrangement. 

During
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, a significant portion of the Company s products were warehoused at a facility
operated by a third-party warehouse and logistic partner located in Addison, Texas. That facility is not listed on the table above and
is not owned or leased by the Company. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be involved, from time to time, in claims and lawsuits incidental to the conduct of our business in the ordinary course. We carry
insurance coverage in such amounts as we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and that may or may not cover any or all of
our liabilities in respect of these matters. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse
impact on our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 

We
are subject to several U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, labor
relations, the labeling and safety of the products we sell, and the methods we use to sell these products. We believe that we are in
material compliance with all such laws and regulations, although no assurance can be provided that this will remain true indefinitely
in the future. 

(a) 
 Case
 No. 4:20-cv-00946; Dennis Burback, Ken Eddy and Mark Andersen v. Robert Oblon, Jordan Brock, Jeff Bollinger, Four Oceans Global,
 LLC, Four Oceans Holdings, Inc., Alchemist Holdings, LLC, Elepreneurs U.S., LLC, Elevacity U.S., LLC, Sharing Services Global Corporation,
 Custom Travel Holdings, Inc., and Does 1-5, pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. On
 December 11, 2020, three investors in Four Oceans Global, LLC filed a lawsuit against the Company, its affiliated entities, and other
 persons and entities related to an investment made by the three Plaintiffs in 2015. The Company and its affiliated entities filed
 an answer denying the three investors claims. Plaintiffs filed a First Amended Complaint on October 14, 2021. The Company
 and its affiliated entities responded in November 2021 by filing a Motion to Dismiss the claims contained in the Amended Complaint.
 The Motion was granted on July 20, 2022, by Court Order dismissing with prejudice the Company and all affiliated entities from the
 lawsuit. In early August 2022, Plaintiffs on their own motion moved to dismiss all claims against the remaining parties in the case
 to enable the Order of Dismissal to become an appealable, final Order. On September 7, 2022, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal
 to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The Plaintiffs filed their Proposed Sufficient Brief of Appellants with
 the Fifth Circuit on January 2, 2023. The Company filed e a Response Brief on February 22, 2023. The appeal is still pending as of
 March 31, 2023. 

23 

(b) 
 Case
 No. 4:21-cv-00026; Elepreneurs Holdings, LLC d/b/a Elepreneur, LLC, Elepreneurs U.S., LLC d/b/a Elepreneurs, LLC, and SHRG IP
 Holdings, LLC v. Lori Ann Benson, Andrea Althaus and Lindsey Buboltz, pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern
 District of Texas. On December 31, 2020, the Company filed suit against three former distributors and obtained injunctive relief
 from the 429 th Judicial District of Collin County, Texas. The lawsuit was removed by the three former distributors to
 federal court. The Company subsequently obtained injunctive relief from the federal court. The parties settled their disputes, and
 a Joint Motion for Final Dismissal was entered on October 7, 2022. 

(c) 
 Case
 No. 429-01137-2022; Elevacity U.S., LLC d/b/a The Happy Co. and Elepreneurs U.S., LLC d/b/a Elepreneurs, LLC v. Mark Willodson,
 Judy Willodson and Valentus, Inc., pending in the 429 th Judicial District Court of Collin County, Texas. On March
 9, 2022, the Company filed suit against a competitor and former distributors. On March 9, 2022, the Company filed suit against a
 competitor and former distributors. An Agreed Temporary Injunction was entered by the Court against the Willodsons in April 2022.
 On April 4, 2023, this legal proceeding was settled between the parties. 

(d) 
 Case
 No. 4:22-cv-00042; Elevacity U.S., LLC d/b/a The Happy Co. and Elepreneurs U.S., LLC d/b/a Elepreneurs, LLC v. Brian Christopher
 Schweda, Jr., pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. On January 20, 2022, the Company
 filed suit against a former distributor. The Defendant filed two motions to dismiss. The Court entered an Order recently denying
 Defendant s motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction over the Defendant in Texas. As of December 31, 2022, Defendant s
 motion to dismiss Plaintiff s claim of tortious interference remains pending. Regardless of the outcome of that pending motion,
 the case will move forward with breach of contract claims against the Defendant. On April 10, 2023, this legal proceeding was settled between the parties. 

(e) 
 Case
 No. 9:22-cv-00146; Travel Gig, LLC and Happitravel, LLC v . Sharing Services Global Corporation, SHRG IP Holdings, LLC;
 Global Travel Destinations, LLC. , and Does 1-25, pending in the United States District Court for the District of Montana. On
 September 7, 2022, Plaintiffs filed a lawsuit against the Company and two affiliated entities alleging trademark infringement concerning
 the Company s affiliated travel entity. Plaintiffs filed a motion seeking a Preliminary Injunction and the Court set a hearing
 on the motion for November 1, 2022. On December 30, 2022 the Plaintiffs filed a status report to the Court that a settlement had
 been reached. On February 2, 2023 the Parties filed a Joint Motion for Dismissal. The Court entered a Dismissal with Prejudice on
 February 6, 2023. 

(f) 
 Case
 No. 4:22-cv-00047; Elevacity U.S., LLC d/b/a The Happy Co. and Elepreneurs U.S., LLC d/b/a Elepreneurs, LLC v. Kimberley McLean,
 pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. On January 20, 2022, the Company filed suit against
 a former distributor. On April 10, 2023, this legal proceeding was settled between the parties. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable 

24 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for the Company s Common Stock 

(a)
- Market Information 

The
principal U.S. market for our Common Stock is the OTCQB Market, an over-the-counter trading platforms market operated by OTC Markets
Group Inc. Readers should be aware that over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Our
Common Stock is traded under the symbol SHRG. Sharing Services, Inc. s Common Stock commenced trading on March 7,
2017, under the symbol SHRV. In January 2019 the Company changed its corporate name to Sharing Services Global Corporation, as discussed
elsewhere in this Annual Report. In connection with the name change, effective April 4, 2019, the Company s Common Stock commenced
trading under the symbol SHRG. 

(b)
- Holders 

As
of June 21, 2023, there were 473 stockholders of record of our Common Stock. 

(c)
- Dividends 

We
have not declared or paid dividends at any time during our past two fiscal years. We currently anticipate that we will retain future
earnings to support reinvestments in our business and our growth plans. Any payment of cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion
of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, future operating earnings and cash flows, future capital requirements,
contractual restrictions (including those contained in the agreements and instruments governing our debt and the Certificates of Designation
of our convertible Preferred Stock) and general business conditions. 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
information contained under the caption Equity Compensation Plans in ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS is incorporated herein by reference. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company agreed with DSS to enter into a Letter Agreement (the DSS Letter Agreement ), pursuant to
which the Company and DSS have agreed to terminate and release all obligations of a certain Consulting Agreement among the parties effective
as of December 31, 2022. In accordance with the DSS Letter Agreement, the Company also agreed to issue 33,333,333 shares of the Company s
Common Stock in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the accrued and unpaid consulting service fees equal to 700,000 owed to DSS under the
Consulting Agreement. See Note 16 Related Party Transactions in ITEM 8 of this Annual Report for further details. 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company and DSSI mutually agreed in a Letter Agreement (the First DSSI Letter Agreement to a mutual
settlement of the interest accrued on the 2022 Note issued by the Company to DSSI. In accordance with the DSSI Letter Agreement, the
Company agreed to issue 26,285,714 shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a price per share of 0.021 in lieu of cash payment
to satisfy the accrued and unpaid interest through and including December 31, 2022, in the amount of 552,000 owed to DSS. See Note 16
 Related Party Transactions in ITEM 8 of this Annual Report for further details. 

On
March 24, 2023, the Company, DSS and DSSI, entered into a Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement (the Agreement pursuant
to which the parties agreed to: (1) exchange and surrender the Assigned Warrants; (2) exchange and surrender the Service Warrants; (3)
exchange and surrender the DSSI Warrants; and (4) amend the 2022 Note by removing all conversion rights granted by the 2022 Note. Accordingly,
the Company issued 25,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock in full satisfaction, exchange and payment for the exchanges
and amendments set forth in the Agreement. See Note 13 Convertible Notes Payable in ITEM 8 of this Annual Report for further
details. 

In
connection with the transactions described in the preceding three paragraphs, no underwriters were involved, there were no proceeds generated
(except as indicated in the preceding paragraphs), and the issuances were made in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933 provided under Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 

25 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

We
are a Smaller Reporting Company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, we have omitted the performance graph otherwise
required by Item 5 of this Annual Report as permitted by applicable scaled disclosure rules. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
section reflects management s views of the consolidated financial condition as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, and the consolidated
results of operations and changes in financial condition for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 of Sharing Services Global
Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries. This section should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes contained in ITEM 8 of this Annual Report. We believe the COVID pandemic is likely to have had and continues
to have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. See Overview Continuing
Uncertainty Regarding the COVID Pandemic below. This section may contain forward-looking statements. See Cautionary
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. located at the front of this report. 

Summary
Results of Operations: 

Fiscal
 Year Ended March 31, 
 Increase 

2023 
 2022 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 
 
 Net sales 
 16,102,136 
 34,424,314 
 (18,322,178 
 -53.2 
 
 Gross profit 
 9,256,670 
 23,622,443 
 (14,365,773 
 -60.8 
 
 Operating expenses 
 (24,071,575 
 (36,954,618 
 (12,883,043 
 -34.9 
 
 Operating loss 
 (14,814,905 
 (13,332,175 
 1,482,730 
 11.1 
 
 Non-operating loss, net 
 (22,870,258 
 (6,810,312 
 16,059,946 
 235.8 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (37,685,163 
 (20,142,487 
 17,542,676 
 87.1 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 - 
 (3,035,990 
 (3,535,990 
 -100.0 
 
 Net loss 
 (37,685,163 
 (17,106,497 
 20,578,666 
 120.3 

Highlights
for the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023: 

For
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated net sales decreased by 18.3 million, to 16.1 million, compared to 34.4
 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, primarily as a result of a decline in consumer orders, a decline in the number
 of new and continuing active distributors, and the generally adverse impact on consumer buying trends resulting from the COVID pandemic. 

For
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated gross profit decreased by 14.4 million, to 9.3 million, compared to 23.6
 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, and our consolidated gross margin was 57.5 and 69.1 , respectively, primarily
 as a result of an increase in our provision for expiring, damaged or excess (slow-moving) inventory of 1 .8 million and by
 aggressive product pricing. 

For
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated operating loss was 14.8 million compared to 13.3 million for the fiscal
 year ended March 31, 2022. 

26 

For
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated net non-operating expenses were 22.9 million compared to 6.8 million for
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, primarily as a result of higher losses on impairment of assets, higher unrealized losses on
 investment in unconsolidated entities, and lower gains on employee warrants liability in connection with certain stock-based awards. 

For
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated net loss was 37.7 million, compared to 17.1 million for the fiscal year
 ended March 31, 2022. Our diluted loss per share was 0.14 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, compared 0.08 for the fiscal
 year ended March 31, 2022. 

For
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated net cash used in operating activities was 8.7 million compared to 15.2 million
 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

In
 April 2021, Sharing Services borrowed 30.0 million from Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. DSSI ), a subsidiary of
 DSS, Inc. DSS ), and, together with DSS, then a majority shareholder of the Company. 

In
 June 2022, Sharing Services issued a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 27.0 million in favor of DSSI (the 2022
 Note ), among other things, and rescinded the April 2021 Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 30.0 million
 issued in connection with the loan discussed in the preceding item. 

In
February 2023, Sharing Services issued 33,333,333 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSS in connection with the February 2023
agreement between the Company and DSS to terminate the January 2022 consulting agreement between the parties. 

In
February 2023, Sharing Services issued 26,285,714 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSSI in lieu of cash payment to satisfy
the accrued and unpaid interest through and including December 31, 2022, in the amount of 552,000, owed to DSSI in connection with the
2022 Note. 

In
March 2023, Sharing Services issued 25,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock to DSS and its affiliate in connection
with the Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement dated March 24, 2023, pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the 2022 Note
by removing the conversion rights granted by the 2022 Note and to rescind certain stock warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
Common Stock. 

In
April 2023, Sharing Services issued 28,877,005 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSSI in lieu of cash payment to satisfy
the accrued and unpaid interest from January 1, 2023, through and including March 31, 2023, in the amount of 540,000, owed to DSSI in
connection with the 2022 Note. 

In
 May 2023, DSS and DSSI distributed, in the aggregate, 280,528,500 shares of SHRG they then held to the shareholders of DSS, Inc.
 and DSS ceased to be a majority shareholder of the Company. 

Overview 

Summary
Description of Business 

Sharing
Services Global Corporation and subsidiaries Sharing Services , we, or the Company aim to
build shareholder value by developing or acquiring businesses and technologies that increase the Company s product and services
portfolio, business competencies, and geographic reach. 

Currently,
the Company markets and distributes its health and wellness products primarily in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, and delivers its member-based
travel services, primarily in the U.S., using a direct selling business model. The Company markets its health and wellness products through
its proprietary website: www.thehappyco.com ; and its member-based travel services using www.mytravelventures.com . 

27 

Sharing
Services was originally incorporated in the State of Nevada under the name Sharing Services, Inc. on April 24, 2015. 

As
further discussed below, the Company intends to continue to grow its business both organically and by making strategic acquisitions from
time to time of businesses and technologies that augment its product portfolio, complement its business competencies and fit its growth
strategy. 

Corporate
Name Change 

In
January 2019, Sharing Services, Inc. changed its corporate name to Sharing Services Global Corporation to better reflect the Company s
strategic intent to grow its business globally. In connection with the name change, the Company adopted the trading symbol SHRG effective
April 4, 2019. Prior to this the Company s Common Stock traded under the trading symbol SHRV. 

Change
of Fiscal Year 

In
March 2021, Sharing Services changed its fiscal year-end from a fiscal year ending on April 30 th to a fiscal year ending on
March 31 st . In connection with this change, the Company decided not to restate the information reported for prior accounting
periods, because: (a) the Company s businesses are not inherently seasonal, (b) the change in fiscal years did not otherwise materially
distort comparability of the Company s results of operations and cash flows, and (c) the cost to restate the data reported for
prior periods outweighs the usefulness of such restated data. 

Strategic
Growth Initiatives 

The
Company intends to grow its business by pursuing a multipronged growth strategy, that includes: (a) expanding its product offerings,
both within the health and wellness category and in new product categories, (b) expanding its direct-to consumer geographic footprint
(primarily in Asia), and (c) expanding its previously launched membership-based consumer travel products line. This growth strategy may
also include the use of strategic acquisitions of businesses that augment the Company s product and services portfolio, business
competencies and geographic reach. 

Continuing
Uncertainty Regarding the COVID Pandemic 

We
believe the actual impact of the COVID pandemic, and/or actions taken to contain the spread of the virus, have had and continue to have
an adverse impact on the economies in the geographies we serve. Consumer demand for discretionary products such as ours is sensitive
to significant downturns in the economy, increases in unemployment or decreases in perceived employment security, and decreases in consumer
sentiment in general. 

In
efforts to protect our customers, distributors, employees, and other business partners, in 2020, we instituted several preventive measures,
including temporarily transitioning a significant number of our corporate employees to working remotely, and transitioning our sales
conventions to a virtual convention platform. While these temporary measures have substantially been relaxed or fully reversed at the
time of this Annual Report, we believe these necessary, temporary measurements likely had an adverse impact on our business. 

As
a result of the foregoing, we cannot predict with certainty the scope, duration, and ultimate impact of this public health emergency
in the countries where we operate, including its impact on the economy, but we believe these conditions are likely to have had and continue
to have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations (including revenues and
profitability), and those of our key suppliers. 

28 

The
COVID emergency also may have the effect of exacerbating some of the other risk factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report, including
the success of our growth initiatives, our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes in consumer preferences and buying
trends in a timely manner, our dependence on one supplier for a significant portion of the products we sell, potential fluctuations in
our quarterly financial performance, our ability to generate sustained, positive cash flows from operations with which to fund our working
capital needs, the potential impact on our financial performance from economic slowdowns, our ability to effectively and cost-efficiently
respond to any epidemics and other health emergencies, and the potential impact on our business of any disruption in our information
technology systems. 

The
Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023, Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2022 

Results
of Operations 

Net
Sales 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated net sales decreased by 18.3 million, to 16.1 million, compared to the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in net sales mainly reflects: (a) continuation of the decline in consumer orders that we experienced
since the fiscal year 2020, (b) a decline in independent distributor orders, in the number of new independent distributors and in the
number of continuing active distributors, resulting, in part, from recent product reformulations and increased competition for independent
distributors, and (c) the generally adverse impact on consumer buying trends resulting from the COVID pandemic and actions taken to help
mitigate the spread of the virus in the U.S. and Canada. In efforts to restore sales growth, in the past several months, we have developed
and launched our new business brand, The Happy Co TM , at our Elevacity division, have accelerated our previously
announced initiatives to expand our operations into additional international geographies, and have further intensified our efforts to
recruit, develop and reward our distributors and our efforts reach new consumers, including through the continued introduction of new
products. 

We
believe there has been and continues to be significant uncertainty about the potentially adverse impact of the COVID health crisis on
the economies and employment markets of several countries, including the U.S. and Canada. Please see Overview Continuing
Uncertainty Regarding the COVID Pandemic above. 

The
decrease of 18.3 million in consolidated net sales is primarily as a result of a decrease in the number of comparable product units sold. 

During
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company derived approximately 99 and 93 , respectively, of its consolidated net
sales from the sale of its health and wellness product line. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, approximately 63 of consolidated net sales were to consumers and approximately 37 of consolidated
net sales were to independent distributors. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, approximately 66 of consolidated net sales
were to consumers and approximately 34 of consolidated net sales were to independent distributors. 

Gross
Profit 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated gross profit decreased by 14.4 million, to 9.3 million, compared to the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022, and our consolidated gross margin was 57.5 and 68.6 , respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31,
2023, gross margin was adversely affected by an increase in our provision for expiring, damaged or excess (slow-moving) inventory of
 1.8 million and by aggressive product pricing. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our consolidated selling and marketing expenses decreased to 7.0 million, or 43.4 of consolidated
net sales, compared to 17.2 million, or 50.1 of consolidated net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease of 10.2
million in consolidated selling and marketing expenses is due to lower sales commissions of 10.5 million (which reflects the decrease
in consolidated net sales discussed above), partially offset by higher sales convention expenses of 281,164. 

29 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our general and administrative expenses (which include corporate employee compensation and benefits,
share-based compensation, professional fees, rent and other occupancy costs, certain consulting fees, telephone and information technology
expenses, insurance premiums, and other administrative expenses) decreased to 17.1 million, or 106.1 of consolidated net sales, compared
to 19.7 million, or 57.3 of consolidated net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease of 2.6 million in general
and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower compensation and compensation-related expenses of 3.0 million, lower legal and
other professional fees of 1.1 million, lower losses on impairment of notes receivable of 0.7 million and lower rent and other corporate
expenses of 0.5 million, partially offset by higher consulting and professional fees of 2.7 million (including incremental consulting
fees of 2.6 million in connection with a Consulting Agreement with DSS). 

Interest
Expense, Net 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, interest expense was 2.9 million, excluding amortization of debt discount and deferred financing
costs, in the aggregate, of 10.3 million, and interest income of 178,072. Interest expense of 2.9 million represents primarily interest
associated with borrowings under the 27.0 million loan from DSSI. See Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for more details. 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, interest expense was 2.4 million, excluding amortization of debt discount and deferred financing
costs, in the aggregate, of 9.9 million, and interest income of 83,356. Interest expense of 2.4 million represents primarily interest
associated with borrowings under the 30.0 million loan from DSSI. See Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for more details. 

Gain
on Employee Warrants Liability 

For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, gains in connection with employee warrants with a variable exercise price after the service
period was completed were 173,432 and 2.5 million, respectively. 

Gain
on Extinguishment of Debt 

In
June 2021, Sharing Services borrowings under the Paycheck Protection Program features of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic
Security Act of 2020 (the CARES Act were forgiven pursuant to the CARES Act. The Company recognized a gain on extinguishment
of debt of approximately 1,040,400 in connection therewith. 

Realized
and Unrealized Gains/ Losses on Investment in Unconsolidated Entities and Marketable Securities 

For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, net realized and unrealized gains/losses in connection with our investment in equity
instruments (including investments in unconsolidated entities) were losses of approximately 5.0 million and gains of 3.6 million,
respectively. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 

Realized Loss on Investment in Marketable Securities 

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
realized loss on investments in marketable securities were 4.9 million and 0.0, respectively. 

Impairment
Losses on Assets 

For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, impairment losses, before income tax, in connection with our investment in unconsolidated
entities and in connection with long-lived assets, in the aggregate, were 0.0 and 1.6 million, respectively. 

Other
Non-operating Income/Expense, net 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, other non-operating income, net, was approximately 108,200. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, other non-operating expense of approximately
 211,000. These amounts consisted primarily of foreign currency transaction gains (losses) of approximately
 39,000 and (170,000), respectively, and net litigation settlement recoveries (expenses) of approximately 69,200 and (26,000),
respectively. 

30 

Income
Tax Benefit 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recognized income tax benefit of 0.0,net of the impact of the extinguishment of debt
on March 24, 2023 . During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized a current federal income tax benefit of
 2.1 million, including a valuation allowance of 2.1 million placed on certain deferred tax assets being carried forward or projected
to reverse in future years due to the uncertainty of the Company generating sufficient taxable income in the foreseeable future to make
realization probable, a deferred income tax benefit of 1.0 million, and a provision for state and local taxes of 100,569. See Note
3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in ITEM 8 Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data contained elsewhere in this Annual Report for information about the Company s accounting
policies regarding accounting for income taxes. 

Net
Loss and Loss per Share 

As
a result of the foregoing, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, our consolidated net loss was approximately 37.7
million and 17.1 million, respectively. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, our diluted loss per share was 0.14
and 0.08, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
broadly define liquidity as our ability to generate sufficient cash, from internal and external sources, to meet our obligations and
commitments. We believe that, for this purpose, liquidity cannot be considered separately from capital resources. 

Working
Capital 

We
had a deficiency in our working capital of approximately 33.9 million as of March 31, 2023, and working capital of approximately
 7.4 million as of March 31, 2022. 

As
of March 31, 2023, and 2022, cash and cash equivalents were 3.0 million and 17.0 million, respectively. Based upon the current level
of operations and anticipated investments necessary to grow our business, we believe that existing cash balances and anticipated funds
from operations will likely be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements over the next 12 months. However, when needed to compensate
for any temporary fluctuations in our working capital needs, compared to our operating cash flows, we may obtain occasional additional
financing through the issuance of equity securities and secured and unsecured debt, including borrowings under convertible notes and
short-term financing arrangements. Please see ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS - Our ability to generate sustained
positive cash flows from operations or to obtain additional financing, if needed, with which to fund our working capital needs, including
servicing or refinancing our debt, now and in the future. 

Historical
Cash Flows 

Historically,
our primary sources of cash have been capital transactions involving the issuance of equity securities and secured and unsecured debt
(See Recent Issuances of Equity Securities and Short-term Borrowings and Convertible Notes below) and cash
flows from operating activities; and our primary uses of cash have been for operating activities, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
net cash advances to related parties, and debt repayments in the ordinary course of our business. 

31 

The
following table shows our cash flow activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, compared to the fiscal year ended March 31,
2022: 

Fiscal
Year Ended March 31 

2023 
 2022 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (9,025,388 
 (15,226,654 
 (6,201,266 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (6,830,094 
 (12,843,757 
 (6,013,663 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,918,706 
 32,978,607 
 (31,059,901 
 
 Impact of currency rate changes in cash 
 (91,605 
 (29,339 
 62,266 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (14,028,381 
 4,878,857 
 (18,907,238 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities decreased by 6.2 million, to 9.0
million, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The 6.2 million decrease was due
to net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 9.9 million, partially offset by an increase in our operating loss of 3.3 million,
excluding non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, provision for obsolete inventory losses,
amortization of debt discount, gains (losses) on investments in unconsolidated entities and losses on impairment of notes receivable and
other assets, and deferred income taxes. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities decreased by 6.0 million, to 6.8 million, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, compared to the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The 6.0 million decrease was primarily due to lower capital expenditures of 8.1 million (including
the impact of the purchase of our Lindon, Utah building of 8.9 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022), lower payments for
investments in unconsolidated entities of 2.5 million, and lower payments for notes receivable of 266,198. This decrease was partially
offset by net purchases of marketable securities of 4.9 million. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities decreased by 31.1 million, to 1.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, compared
to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The 31.1 million decrease was mainly due to lower net proceeds from borrowings under promissory
notes of 19.1 million (including the impact of borrowings of 30.0 million from DSSI in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022), higher
repayments of borrowings under promissory notes of 8.2 million, lower proceeds from issuances of common stock of 3.1 million, and payment
in connection settlement agreement of approximately 1.0 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Impact
of Currency Rate Changes in Cash 

Prior
to April 2021, substantially all consolidated net sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. Effective April 1, 2021, the Company s
consolidated financial statements reflect the operation of our wholly owned subsidiaries operating in the Asia Pacific region. See Note
3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report for information about our translation of foreign currency financial statements. 

32 

Potential
Future Acquisitions 

The
Company intends to further grow its business by pursuing a multipronged growth strategy, which includes increasing the number of product
offerings in the U.S. and Canada, expanding its geographic footprint primarily in the Asia Pacific region, and expanding its line of
consumer travel services. This growth strategy may also include the use of strategic acquisitions, subject to the approval of the Company s
Board of Directors, of businesses that augment the Company s product and services portfolio, business competencies and geographic
reach. Such potential acquisitions and purchases of equity interests are expected to be funded with cash and cash equivalents, cash provided
by operations, and issuance of equity securities and debt, including convertible debt. See Short-term Borrowings and Convertible
Notes below. 

Recent
Issuances of Equity Securities 

In
 February 2023, Sharing Services issued 26,285,714 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSSI in lieu of cash payment to satisfy
 the accrued and unpaid interest through and including December 31, 2022, in the amount of 552,000, owed to DSSI in connection with
 the 2022 Note. 

In
 February 2023, Sharing Services issued 33,333,333 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSS in connection with the February
 2023 agreement between the Company and DSS to terminate the January 2022 consulting agreement between the parties. 

In
 March 2023, Sharing Services issued 25,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSS and its affiliate in connection
 with the Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement dated March 24, 2023, pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the 2022
 Note by removing the conversion rights granted by the 2022 Note and to rescind certain stock warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
 Common Stock. 

In
 April 2023, Sharing Services issued 28,877,005 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSSI in lieu of cash payment to satisfy
 the accrued and unpaid interest from January 1, 2023 through and including March 31, 2023, in the amount of 540,000, owed to DSSI
 in connection with the 2022 Note. 

Short-term
Borrowings and Convertible Notes 

Borrowing
Under Financing Arrangements (Notes Payable) 

In
May 2020, the Company applied for and was granted a loan (the PPP Loan by a commercial bank in the amount of 1,040,400,
pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program features of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the CARES
Act ). The Company s borrowings under the PPP Loan were eligible for loan forgiveness under the provisions of the CARES Act.
In June 2021, the Company was formally notified by the lender that the Company s obligations under the loan were forgiven effective
May 25, 2021. 

In
May 2022, Linden Real Estate Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, American Pacific Bancorp, Inc. APB ),
and the Company entered a term sheet pursuant to which APB agree to extend a loan to the Company for approximately 5.7 million. The
loan would bear interest at 8 , mature on June 1, 2024, and be secured by a first mortgage interest on the Company s Lindon, Utah
office building. APB is a subsidiary of DSS. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, Frank D. Heuszel and John JT Thatch, each a Director
of the Company, also serve on the Board of Directors of DSS, and Messrs. Chan and Heuszel also serve on the Board of Directors of APB. 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

In
April 2021, the Company and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. DSSI who, together with its parent, DSS, Inc., was then
a majority shareholder of the Company, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company issued: (a) a Convertible
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 30.0 million (the Note in favor of DSSI, and (b) a detachable Warrant to purchase
up to 150,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at 0.22 per share. 

On
June 15, 2022, the Company and DSSI entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA pursuant to which the Company
issued: (a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 27.0 million (the 2022 Note in favor of DSSI and
(b) a detachable Warrant to purchase up to 818,181,819 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Warrant ),
at 0.033 per share. At any time during the term of the 2022 Note, all or part of the Note was convertible into up to 818,181,819 shares
of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the option of the holder. In connection with the SPA, DSSI surrendered to the Company
all DSSI s rights pursuant to: (a) the Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 30.0 million discussed in the preceding
paragraph, and (b) the detachable Warrant to purchase up to 150,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock discussed
in the preceding paragraph. In March 2023, the parties entered into a Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement pursuant to which the
parties agreed to amend the 2022 Note by removing the conversion rights granted by the 2022 Note. 

33 

In
February 2023, the Company issued 26,285,714 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSSI in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the
accrued and unpaid interest through and including December 31, 2022, in the amount of 552,000, owed to DSSI in connection with the 2022
Note. 

In
April 2023, the Company issued 28,877,005 shares of the Company s Common Stock to DSSI in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the accrued
and unpaid interest between January 1, 2023, through and including March 31, 2023, in the amount of 540,000, owed to DSSI, owed to DSSI
in connection with the 2022 Note. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company s notes payable outstanding are not convertible. 

Capital
Resources 

During
the two fiscal years in the period ended March 31, 2023, the Company did not have material commitments for capital expenditures.
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, our consolidated capital expenditures were approximately 1.2 million and
 0.4 million, respectively, primarily consisting of the purchase of furniture and fixtures, computer equipment and software, and
leasehold improvements in the ordinary course of our business. 

In
addition, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, consolidated capital expenditures include our purchase, through one of our subsidiaries,
of an office building in Lindon, Utah for 8,942,640. 

Cash
Requirements from Known Contractual and Other Obligations 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company s contractual obligations consist of (a) future principal and interest payments in the aggregate
amount of 29.5 million in connection with the Company s debt and (b) obligations associated with Type B leases (as defined
by Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 842, Leases of 746,600. See Note 14 LEASES 
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report for more details about the Company s leases. 

As
discussed above, on June 15, 2022, the Company and DSSI entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA pursuant
to which the Company issued: (a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 27.0 million (the 2022 Note in favor of DSSI and (b) a detachable Warrant to purchase up to 818,181,819 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Warrant ),
at 0.033 per share. At any time during the term of the 2022 Note, all or part of the Note was convertible into up to 818,181,819 shares
of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the option of the holder. In March 2023, the parties entered into a Securities Exchange
and Amendment Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the 2022 Note by removing the conversion rights granted by the
2022 Note. 

In
connection with the SPA, DSSI surrendered to the Company all DSSI s rights pursuant to: (a) the Convertible Promissory Note in
the principal amount of 30.0 million issued by the Company in April 2021 in favor of DSSI, and (b) the detachable Warrant to purchase
up to 150,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at 0.22 per share, issued concurrently with such 30.0 million
note. 

34 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities at each balance sheet date, reported amount of revenues and expenses for each reporting period presented, and
related disclosures of contingent liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the Company s estimates
and assumptions are reasonable. 

Our
critical accounting estimates relate to the valuation of inventory, the assessment of long-lived assets for impairment, the valuation
of share-based compensation awards, the assessment of loss contingencies, and income taxes. 

Valuation
of Inventory - Our inventory is stated at the lower of cost, determined using the first-in, first-out FIFO method,
or net realizable value. Determining the net realizable value of inventory involves the use of judgment. In assessing the net realizable
value of inventory, we consider factors including estimates of the future demand for our products, historical turnover rates, and the
age and sales history of the inventory. When necessary, we adjust the carrying value of inventory for estimated inventory shrinkage and
damage. We estimate inventory shrinkage between physical counts and product damage based upon our historical experience. Actual results
differing from these estimates could significantly affect our inventory and cost of products sold. We take physical counts of inventory
on hand, at least annually, and adjust our financial statements to match actual quantities counted. 

Assessment
of Long-Lived Assets for Impairment - Long-lived assets, such as office furniture, fixtures, and equipment, are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. The recoverability
of long-lived assets is assessed by comparing the net carrying amount of each asset to its total estimated undiscounted future cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the sum of its undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment
charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. 

Valuation
of Share-Based Compensation Awards - The Company uses the Black Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value of share-based
compensation awards (such as stock options and warrants). The Black Scholes pricing model requires six data inputs: (1) the contractual
exercise or strike price, (2) the expected life (in years), (3) the risk-free interest rate, (4) the current stock price, (5) the expected
volatility for the Company s Common Stock, and (6) the expected dividend yield. Changes to these data inputs could result in a
significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. 

Loss
Contingencies - From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings. We record a contingent liability when it is probable that
a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. We also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies
where a loss is either not probable or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. If a loss
or an additional loss has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material,
we provide disclosure of the loss contingency in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. We review all contingencies at least
quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or the range
of the loss can be made. An adverse judgment or negotiated resolution in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Income
Taxes - Income taxes have a significant effect on our net earnings. As of March 31, 2023, we are subject to income taxes primarily
in the U.S. The determination of our provision for income taxes requires judgment, the use of estimates in certain cases and the interpretation
and application of complex tax laws and regulations. Our effective income tax rate is affected by many factors, including changes in
our assessment of certain tax contingencies, increases and decreases in valuation allowances, changes in tax law, outcomes of administrative
audits, the impact of discrete items, and may fluctuate as a result. 

The
benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining a more likely than not probability
that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from taxing authorities. When facts and circumstances change, we reassess
these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. We account for uncertain tax positions by determining
the minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. This determination
requires the use of judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. 

35 

Deferred
tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of
temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and
tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent
that a portion is not more likely than not to be realized. Many factors are considered when assessing whether it is more likely than
not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, including recent cumulative earnings, expectations of future taxable income, carryforward
periods and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. The recoverability of the deferred tax assets is evaluated by assessing
the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating
earnings and available tax planning strategies. This evaluation relies on estimates. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements and Accounting Changes 

The
information contained in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under the sub-headings: Recently Issued Accounting
Standards - Pending Adoption and Recently Issued Accounting Standards Recently Adopted, in ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data below, is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a Smaller Reporting Company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and, accordingly, are not required to provide the information
required by Item 7A of this Annual Report. 

36 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 38 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 39 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Fiscal Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 40 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 41 

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the Fiscal Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 42 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 

37 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Sharing Services Global Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sharing Services Global Corporation, formerly Sharing Services, Inc. (the
 Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and stockholders 
equity, for the each of the two fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two fiscal
ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a net loss and net cash used in operating activities of 37,685,163
and 9,025,388, respectively, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 106,456,378 at March
31, 2023. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
Plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Related
Party Convertible Note Payable 

As
described in Note 13 to the financial statements, the Company had a convertible note payable with detached warrants to a related party.
The note payable was modified twice during the year which was treated as extinguishment of debt and replacement with a new note payable. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the accounting treatment of the transaction is
a critical audit matter were (i) there was a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying procedures relating to
the fair value measurement of the transaction due to the significant amount of judgment by management when developing the estimate; (ii) significant
audit effort was required in evaluating the terms of note payable assumptions relating to the estimates. 

Our
audit of the valuation of the convertible notes payable and attached warrants included, but was not limited to, the following procedures: 

understanding
 of controls relating to the loan raised; 

examining
 original and amended convertible note and warrants agreements; 

reviewing
 management s assumptions used in the valuation of the note, warrants and related interest and fee; 

reviewing
 management s reasoning for treating the debt modification as extinguishment of a note payable; 

obtaining
 technical guidance from third party experts on the accounting treatment; 

reviewing
management s assumptions for accounting treatment of the whole transaction; 

evaluating
 the adequacy of the Company s disclosures relating to the loan raised from related party; 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since September 2017. 

June
23, 2023 

38 

SHARING SERVICES GLOBAL
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of March 31, 2023 
 As of March 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Income taxes receivable 
 - 

Inventory, net 

Other current assets, net 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 - 

Investment in unconsolidated entities, net 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Accrued sales commission payable 

Employee stock warrants liability 

State and local taxes payable 

Note
 payable, related party , net of unamortized debt discount and unamortized deferred loan cost of as of March 31, 2023 and as of March 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, related parties, net of unamortized
 debt discount and unamortized deferred loan cost of 
 as of March 31, 2023, and 
 as of March 31, 2022 

Total Current Liabilities 

Settlement liability, long term portion 
 - 

Lease liability, long-term 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized: 

Series A convertible preferred stock, par value, shares designated, shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

Series B convertible preferred stock, 
 par value, 10,000,000 shares designated, 
 shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series C convertible preferred stock, par value, shares designated, shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

Preferred
 stock value 

Class A common stock, 
 par value, 
 shares authorized, 
 shares and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value, shares designated, shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Treasury Stock, shares, at cost 
 
 - 
 
 Additional paid in capital 

Shares to be issued 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

39 

SHARING SERVICES GLOBAL
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, net 

Gain on employee warrants liability 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Impairment loss on assets 
 - 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investment 

Realized loss on investment in marketable securities 

() 

- 

Other non-operating income (expense), net 

Total other expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 
 - 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss (net of tax): 

Currency translation adjustments 

Total other comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss 

Loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

40 

SHARING
SERVICES GLOBAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2023 
 2022 

For
 the Fiscal Years Ended 
March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred income taxes 
 - 

Loss on disposal of property 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of prepaid consulting fees 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Impairment loss on assets 
 - 

Bad debt expense 
 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) on
 investments and other assets 

Non-cash consulting expense 

- 

Provision for obsolete inventory 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Other assets 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Lease liability 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Net Cash Used in Operating
 Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Payments for property and equipment 

Payments upon issuance of notes
 receivable 

Purchase of marketable securities, net 
 
 - 
 
 Collection of notes receivable 
 - 

Cash paid for acquisition of non-consolidated interests 

Net Cash Used in Investing
 Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from issuance of promissory notes 

Repayments of borrowings under promissory notes 

Refinance of notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Payment in connection with litigation settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of convertible note payable 

Proceeds from issuance
 of common stock 
 - 

Net Cash Provided by Financing
 Activities 

IMPACT
 OF CURRENCY RATE CHANGES ON CASH 

Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash
 equivalents, beginning of fiscal year 

Cash and cash
 equivalents, end of fiscal year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing
 and financing activities: 

Debt modification 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued to settle accrued interest payable 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued to settle management fees payable 
 
 - 
 
 Related party loan fees, consulting fees, and interest obligations settled
with shares of common stock 
 
 - 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 
 - 

Investment origination
 fee collected in shares of investee stock 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

41 

SHARING
SERVICES GLOBAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

 For
the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 
 
 Value 
 
 Shares 
 
 Value 
 
 Shares 
 
 Value 
 
 Shares 
 
 Value 
 
 Capital 
 Subscription
 Receivable 
 
 Issued 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive
 Loss 
 Total 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Series
 C Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Shares 

Accumulated
 Other 

Number
 of Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Number of
 Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Paid
 In Capital 
 Subscription
 Receivable 
 to
 be Issued 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 Balance March 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for
 cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for
 deferred financing costs and prepaid interest on debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversions or retirements
 of preferred stock 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of debt with beneficial
 conversion feature and in-the-money stock warrant, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Expiration of common stock
 puts 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock warrants exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance March 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Total 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Series
 C Preferred Stock 
 Class
 A and Class B Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Shares 

Accumulated
 Other 

Number of 
 Par 
 Number of 
 Par 
 Number of 
 Par 
 Number of 
 Par 
 Paid
 in 
 to
 be 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 Balance 
 March 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

- 

Beginning balance 

- 
 - 

- 

Refinancing
 of debt and detachable warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Repurchase of shares of Common
 Stock 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common Stock
 issued for debt modification 

Common stock
 issued to settle management fees payable 

- 

Common stock
 issued to settle accrued interest payable 

Common stock
 issued upon cancellation of stock warrants 

- 
 
 Stock based
 compensation award (stock warrants) 

Currency
 translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 March 31, 2023 

- 
 - 

Ending
 balance 

- 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

42 

SHARING
SERVICES GLOBAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million,
respectively, and net loss was approximately million
and million,
respectively. In addition, as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, accumulated deficit was approximately million
and million,
respectively. 

Historically,
the Company has funded its working capital needs primarily with capital transactions and with secured and unsecured debt, including the
issuance of convertible notes and borrowings under short-term financing arrangements. The Company intends to continue to raise capital
and use secured and unsecured debt, including the issuance of convertible notes and borrowings under short-term financing arrangements,
from time to time in the future as needed to fund its working capital needs and strategic acquisitions. 

In
the past eighteen months, the Company has initiated several business initiatives intended to stabilize its sales levels, to drive long-term
sales growth, and to create positive cash flows from operations, including by implementing stricter fiscal controls over operating costs
and expenditures. The Company believes it will be able to fund its working capital needs for the next 12 months with: (a) cash and cash
equivalents, as of March 31, 2023, of million, (b) secured and unsecured borrowings, including the issuance of convertible notes
and borrowings under short-term financing arrangements, (c) capital transactions, and (d) cash from operations. However, there can be
no assurance about the future success of the Company s growth and cost control initiatives or about the Company s ability
to raise sufficient capital and to issue sufficient secured and unsecured debt, including the issuance of convertible notes and borrowings
under short-term financing arrangements, in the future to fund its working capital needs. 

These
matters raise reasonable doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

million and 
million, respectively. In addition, as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, cash and cash equivalents held in bank accounts in foreign
countries in the ordinary course of business were approximately 
million and 
million, respectively. Amounts held by our merchant processor or held in bank accounts located in foreign countries are generally
not insured by any federal agency. 

million and 
million, respectively, including amounts due from one merchant processor of approximately million
and 
million, respectively. On a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates the collectability of its accounts receivable and reviews current
economic trends and its historical collection data to determine the adequacy of its allowance for doubtful accounts, if any, based
on its historical collection data and current information. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full
amount is no longer probable. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been
exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. As of March 31, 2023, the allowance for doubtful accounts was .
As of March 31, 2022, the Company determined that no allowance was necessary. 

million and , respectively, in connection with health and wellness products
that were either damaged, expired, or slow-moving, based on the Company s historical and anticipated sales. The Company reports
its provisions for inventory losses in cost of goods sold in its consolidated statements of operations. 

Cost
of goods sold includes actual product costs, vendor rebates and allowances, if any, inventory shrinkage and certain shipping and handling
costs, such as in-bound freight, associated with product sold. All other shipping and handling costs, including the cost to ship products
to customers, are included in selling and marketing expenses in our consolidated statements of operations when incurred. 

years or remaining useful life of the asset 

Furniture
 and fixtures years 

Office
 equipment years 

Computer
 Equipment years 

Computer
 software years 

Leasehold
 improvements shorter of the remaining lease term or estimated useful live of the asset 

The
estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when appropriate, changes are made prospectively. The recoverability of long-lived
assets is assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
fully recoverable, by comparing the net carrying amount of each asset to the total estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected
to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is
recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, a subsidiary of the Company introduced a Customer Loyalty Program which enables customers to earn
points in a purchase transaction or through other means. The points are not redeemable for cash or product. Upon reaching 1,500 points,
a customer may redeem the points and receive a 10 loyalty rewards card or certificate, that may be used when purchasing a product. Points
and loyalty rewards cards or certificates expire one year for the issuance date. However, points, loyalty rewards cards, and certificates
are forfeited if the customer fails to remain active for a period of 90-days. The Company allocates a portion of the sales transaction
price to each of its performance obligations therein, including points earned, and deferred revenue recognition until the earlier of
(a) redemption or expiration of the rights conferred by the points or (b) the date when it is not probable the points will be redeemed
(for example, because the holder is no longer an active customer). 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, deferred revenue associated with product invoiced but not received by customers at the balance sheet date
was and , respectively; deferred sales revenue associated with unfulfilled performance obligations for services offered
on a subscription basis was and , respectively; deferred sales revenue associated with unfulfilled performance obligations
for customers right of return was and , respectively; and deferred sales revenue associated with customer loyalty
points outstanding was and , respectively. Deferred sales revenue is expected to be recognized over one year. 

During
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, no individual customer, or related group of customers, represents 10 or more of our
consolidated net sales. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, approximately 
of consolidated net sales were to consumers and approximately 
of net sales were to independent distributors. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, approximately 
 of consolidated net sales were to consumers and
approximately 
 of net sales were to independent distributors. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, approximately and , respectively, of our consolidated net sales are to customers
and independent distributors located in the U.S. (based on the customer s shipping address). No other country represented more
than 10 of total sales. 

During
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately and , respectively, of the Company s net sales are from health
and wellness products. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, our ten top selling products represent approximately 
 and ,
respectively, of our consolidated net sales. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, product purchases from one U.S.-based supplier accounted for approximately 
and ,
respectively, of total product purchases. In addition, during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and , respectively,
of total product purchases, were from one third-party supplier located in South Korea. 

million and million, respectively, and is included in selling and marketing expenses in our consolidated
statements of operations. The Company measures and recognizes sales commission expense based on the Company s Distributor Compensation
Plan. The Company s independent distributors can earn commissions when they sell Company products to retail customers or to their
downline independent distributors. Additionally, they can earn commissions when their personally sponsored distributors (or downline)
sell products to end users. There is no limit as to the number of personally enrolled distributors or retail customers that an independent
distributor may have and earned compensation for. 

,
including: (a) compensatory expense of 
and (b) income associated with the subsequent measure of fully vested awards (see preceding paragraph) of .
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, income recognized in connection with stock-based compensation awards was approximately
 
million, including: (a) compensatory expense of 
and (b) income associated with the subsequent measure of fully vested awards (see preceding paragraph) of approximately 
million. 

and , respectively, of our consolidated net sales are denominated
in U.S. Dollars. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, sales denominated in no other currency accounted for 10 or more
of net sales. 

As
part of its growth initiatives, the Company recently expanded operations outside the United States. The functional currency of each of
our foreign operations is generally the respective local currency. Balance sheet accounts are translated into U.S. dollars (our reporting
currency) at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date, while the results of operations and cash flows are generally
translated using average exchange rates for the periods presented. Individually material transactions, if any, are translated using the
actual rate of exchange on the transaction date. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. 

In
2021, through its wholly owned subsidiary, the Company commenced operations in the Republic of Korea (South Korea). The following exchange
rates between the South Korean Won and the U.S. Dollar USD were used to translate the Company s Korean operation s
financial statements: 

Average exchange rate for the fiscal year then
 ended 

to , and other factors, such as representation on the board of directors, voting rights and the impact of commercial arrangements,
are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under this method of accounting, the Company records
its proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of equity method investments and a corresponding increase or decrease in the investment
balances. Dividends received from equity method investments are recorded as reductions in the cost of such investments. The Company generally
considers an ownership interest of or higher to represent significant influence. The Company accounts for the investments in entities
over which it has neither control nor significant influence, and no readily determinable fair value is available, using the investment s
cost minus any impairment, if necessary. 

Investments
are evaluated for impairment when facts or circumstances indicate that the fair value of a long-term investment is less than the carrying
value. An impairment loss is recognized when a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary. The Company reviews several
factors to determine whether a loss is other-than-temporary. These factors include, but are not limited to, the: (i) nature of the investment;
(ii) cause and duration of the impairment; (iii) extent to which fair value is less than cost; (iv) financial condition and near-term
prospects of the investment; and (v) ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery
in fair value. 

- 
 - 

Total assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities 

Notes
 payable 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Total 

Level
 1 

Level
 2 

Level
 3 

As
 of March 31, 2022 

Total 

Level
 1 

Level
 2 

Level
 3 

Assets 

Investment
 in unconsolidated entities 

- 

- 

Total
 assets 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Convertible
 notes payable 

- 

Total
 liabilities 

- 

Certain
of the Company s investments in unconsolidated entities are valued for purposes of this disclosure using unobservable inputs, since
there are no observable market transactions for such investments. The fair value of notes receivable approximates the carrying value
due to the short-term nature of the note. See Note 6 below for more information about our notes receivable. 

As
of March 31, 2023, notes payable (including current maturities) are reported in our consolidated financial statements at amortized
cost of 
million, less unamortized debt discount and deferred financing costs, in the aggregate, of approximately 
million. As of March 31, 2022, convertible notes payable (including current maturities) are reported in our consolidated financial
statements at amortized cost of approximately 
million, less unamortized debt discount of approximately 
million. Notes payable and certain convertible notes payable are valued for purposes of this disclosure using discounted cash flows
and observable interest rates whenever available. See Notes 10 and 12 below for more information about our notes and convertible
notes payable. 

Weighted average basic and diluted shares 

Loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

Stock warrants 

Convertible Preferred
 Stock 

Total potential incremental
 shares 

revolving credit line. In December 2021, the parties to the Funding Agreement entered into a modification to the Funding Agreement
pursuant to which the parties agreed to increase the amount of the revolving credit line to .
Borrowings under the credit line, as amended, are payable in monthly installments in amounts determined in relation to the amount of
each cash advance. In connection with the Funding Agreement, the Company acquired a 
equity interest in 1044Pro and a security interest in 1044Pro s cash receipts and in substantially all 104Pro s
assets. 

On
January 26, 2022, the parties to the Funding Agreement discussed in the preceding paragraph entered into a new Loan Agreement Revolving
Promissory Note pursuant to which the Company agreed to loan to 1044Pro up to an additional , of which was funded
immediately. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Note bear interest at , are payable in full on or before July 26, 2023, and are
secured by a security interest in substantially all 1044Pro s assets and a security interest in of 1044Pro s members 
interest. Borrowings under the Loan Agreement are further secured by a personal guaranty executed by a member of 1044Pro. 

On
August 29, 2022, the Company and 1044Pro entered into an agreement to modify the Revolving Promissory Note dated January 26, 2022. In
accordance with the amendment, the Company agreed to lend to 1044 for a membership interest in 1044Pro. The loan is secured
by the assets of 1044Pro as well as by a personal guaranty executed by a member of 1044Pro. 

On
January 14, 2022, the Company and MojiLife, LLC MojiLife ), an unconsolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
loan agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide to MojiLife a loan in the amount of . Borrowings are payable in
equal monthly installment of and are due in full on July 14, 2023. 

On
a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates the collectability of its notes receivable and reviews current economic trends and its historical
collection data to determine the adequacy of its allowance for impairment losses based on its historical collection data and other relevant
information. An estimate for impairment losses is recognized when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Note receivable
balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered
remote. 

MojiLife 

Other 

Subtotal 

Allowance for impairment
 losses 

Total
 Notes Receivable 
 - 
 - 

Provision for estimated impairment losses 

Write-offs and recoveries 
 - 

Balance at end of fiscal
 year 

Allowance for obsolescence 

Inventory, net 

The
decrease in finished goods as of March 31, 2023, compared to as of March 31, 2022, reflects the decline in sales volume for the Company. 

Provision for estimated obsolescence 

Write-offs and recoveries 

Balance at end of fiscal
 year 

Inventory-related deposits 

Accounts receivable, related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid insurance and other operational expenses 

Deposits for sales events 

Right to recover asset 

Subtotal 

Allowance for losses 

Other current assets 

Prepaid
consulting fees represent the fair value on the grant date of stock warrants issued to DSS in January 2022 for consulting services to
be rendered over a year from the issue date (see Note 16, RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS for more information). On February
3, 2023, the Company mutually agreed with DSS to enter into a Letter Agreement (the DSS Letter Agreement ), pursuant to
which the Company and DSS have agreed to terminate and release all obligations of the Consulting Agreement effective as of December 31,
2022. In accordance with the DSS Letter Agreement, the Company also agreed to issue shares of the Company s Common Stock
in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the accrued and unpaid service fees equal to owed to DSS under the Consulting Agreement. 

Prepaid
insurance and other operational expenses consist of payments for goods and services (such as freight, trade show expenses and insurance
premiums) which are expected to be realized in the next operating cycle. 

Right
to recover asset is associated with our customers right of return and is expected to be realized in one year or less. 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized a provision for losses in connection with certain inventory-related deposits
for which recoverability is less than certain. 

Computer
 software 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

Computer
 equipment 

Leasehold
 improvements and other 

Total
 property and equipment 

Impairment
 of property and equipment 

- 

() 
 
 Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense in connection with the Company s property and equipment for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and
2022 was and , respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized an impairment loss
of in connection with its formal plans to reorganize its Korean operations. 

In
December 2021, the Company, through as subsidiary, purchased an office building in Lindon, Utah for , including 
allocated to land. The capitalized costs include legal and other professional fees incurred directly in connection with the purchase
of the property. On June 15, 2022, the Company and American Pacific Bancorp, Inc. APB entered a Loan Agreement pursuant
to which APB loaned to the Company approximately million. The loan is secured by a first mortgage interest on the Lindon, Utah building.
See NOTE 16, RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS for more information. 

million in Stemtech in exchange
for: (a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of million in favor of the Company (the Convertible Note and
(b) a detachable Warrant to purchase shares of GNTW common stock (the GNTW Warrant ). Stemtech is a subsidiary of GNTW.
As an inducement to enter into the SPA, GNTW agreed to pay to the Company an origination fee of , payable in shares of GNTW s
common stock. The Convertible Note matures on , bears interest at the annual rate of , and is convertible, at the
option of the holder, into shares of GNTW s common stock at a conversion rate calculated based on the closing price per share of
GNTW s common stock during the 30-day period ended September 19, 2021. The GNTW Warrant expires on and conveys
the right to purchase up to million shares of GNTW s common stock at a purchase price calculated based on the closing price
per share of GTNW s common stock during the 10-day period ended September 13, 2021. In September 2021, GNTW issued to the Company
 shares of its common stock, or less than 1 of the shares of GNTW then issued and outstanding, in payment of the origination
fee. 

The
Company carries its investment in the Convertible Note, the GNTW Warrant and the shares of GNTW common stock at fair value in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized unrealized gains, before income tax, of million
in connection with its investment in the Convertible Note, the GNTW Warrant and the shares of GNTW common stock. During the fiscal
year end March 31, 2023, the Company recognized unrealized losses, before income tax, of million in connection with its investment
in the Convertible Note, the GNTW Warrant and the shares of GNTW common stock. 

In
September 2021, the Company entered into a Membership Unit Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired a equity
interest in MojiLife, a limited liability company organized in the State of Utah, in exchange for . MojiLife is an emerging
growth distributor of technology-based consumer products, such as cordless scent diffusers, for the home and the car, as well as proprietary
home cleaning products and accessories. 

Investment in GNTW common stock 

Investment in Stemtech convertible note 

Investment in MojiLife 

Subtotal 
 
 - 
 
 Allowance for impairment
 losses 

Investments 

On
a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates the recoverability of its investments and reviews current economic trends to determine the adequacy
of its allowance for impairment losses based on each investee financial performance data and other relevant information. An estimate
for impairment losses is recognized when recovery in fill of the Company s investment is no longer probable. Investment balances
are written off against the allowance after the potential for recovery is considered remote. 

- 
 
 Provision for estimated
 impairment losses 
 - 

Balance at end of fiscal
 year 

- 
 
 American Pacific Bancorp, Inc. Revolving
 Note 
 
 - 
 
 Unamortized discount
 and deferred financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Notes
 Payable 
 
 - 

In
May 2020, the Company was granted a loan (the PPP Loan by a commercial bank in the amount of , pursuant to the
Paycheck Protection Program features of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the CARES Act ).
The Company s borrowings under the PPP Loan were eligible for loan forgiveness pursuant to the CARES Act. As of March 31, 2021,
loan principal in the amount of , excluding accrued but unpaid interest of , was outstanding. In May 2021, the Company
was notified by the lender that the Company s obligations under the PPP Loan were forgiven effective May 25, 2021. 

On
June 15, 2022, Linden Real Estate Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, American Pacific Bancorp, Inc. APB ),
and the Company entered into a Loan Agreement pursuant to which APB loaned the Company approximately million. The loan bears interest
at the annual rate of , matures on , and is secured by a first mortgage interest on the Company s Lindon, Utah office
building. In connection with this loan, the Company received net proceeds of from APB on June 17, 2022. APB is a subsidiary
of DSS. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, Frank D. Heuszel and John JT Thatch, each a Director of the Company, also serve on the Board
of Directors of DSS, and Messrs. Chan and Heuszel also serve on the Board of Directors of APB. Monthly payments of principal and interest
in the amount of have been made since July 1, 2022, and are payable on the same date of each month thereafter. The Company paid
 in principal and interest related to the loan for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023. 

On
August 11, 2022, the Company executed a revolving credit promissory note with APB the APB Revolving Note pursuant to
which the Company has access to advances with a maximum principal balance not to exceed the principal sum of million. The APB Revolving
Note included origination fees of . The Note is collateralized by the assets of the Company, and it bears interest at the annual
rate of and such interest shall be due and payable quarterly. Interest payments on the loan are due and payable on the last day of
each consecutive third calendar month until the maturity date of . As of March 31, 2023, the Company had million
outstanding under the APB Revolving Note and accrued interest of . 

Liability
 associated with uncertain tax positions 

Accrued
 interest payable 

Payroll
 and employee benefits 

Settlement
 liability, current portion 
 - 

Lease
 liability, current portion 

Other
 accruals 

Accrued and other current
 liabilities 

Lease
liability, current portion, represents obligations due withing one year under operating leases for office space, automobiles, and office
equipment. See Note 14 LEASES below for more information. Other accruals as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, includes
accruals due to related parties and other operational accruals. 

N/A 

- 

Total
 convertible notes payable 

Unamortized debt discount and deferred financing costs 

() 

() 
 
 Subtotal 

Less:
 current portion of convertible notes payable 

Long-term
 convertible notes payable 

- 

- 

The
Company s convertible notes are convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of the Company s Common Stock at the
conversion prices indicated above. The April 2018 convertible note was paid in full in March 2022. 

In
October 2017, Sharing Services issued a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the Note to HWH
International, Inc. HWH or the Holder ). HWH is affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, who became a Director
of the Company in April 2020. The Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. Concurrent with issuance
of the Note, the Company issued to HWH a detachable stock warrant to purchase up to an additional shares of the Company s
Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share. Under the terms of the Note and the detachable stock warrant, the Holder is entitled
to certain financing rights. On August 9, 2022, HWH and the Company executed an agreement to settle the Note and cancel the related stock
warrant for , which amount represents the principal plus accrued interest. The Company made the payment to HWH on August 9, 2022. 

In
April 2021, the Company and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. DSSI entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant
to which the Company issued: (a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of million (the 2021 Note in favor of DSSI, and (b) a detachable Warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at 
per share, and DSSI loaned to the Company million. DSSI, is a subsidiary of DSS, Inc. (formerly Document Security Systems, Inc.) DSS ), and, together with DSS, then a majority shareholder of the Company. Under the terms of the loan, the Company agreed
to pay to DSSI a loan origination fee of million, payable in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the rate of
 per share. In connection with the issuance of the 2021 Note and the detachable Warrant, the Company allocated million of
the net proceeds from the loan to the detachable Warrant, allocated million of the net proceeds to the beneficial conversion feature
embedded in the 2021 Note and recognized deferred financing costs of million. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of its Class A Common Stock to DSSI, including shares in payment of the loan origination fee discussed
above and shares in prepayment of interest for the first year. In connection therewith, the Company recognized a deemed dividend
of for the excess of the fair value of the shares issued over the amounts settled. 

In
June 2022, the Company and DSSI entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA pursuant to which the Company
issued: (a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 
million (the 2022 Note in favor of DSSI and (b) a detachable Warrant to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Warrant ), at 
per share. At any time during the term of the 2022 Note, all or part of the Note was convertible into up to 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the option of the holder. In connection with the SPA, DSSI surrendered to the
Company all DSSI s rights pursuant to: (a) the Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 
million discussed in the preceding paragraph, and (b) the detachable Warrant to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock discussed in the preceding paragraph. The Company recognized the transaction with
DSSI as a debt extinguishment in accordance with GAAP . Since DSSI is a related party, the difference between the fair value
of the new equity instruments and the carrying value of the retired equity instruments was recognized as a capital contribution of 
million within additional paid-in capital in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2023, the Company and DSSI entered into a Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to
amend the 2022 Note by removing the conversion rights granted by the 2022 Note. The Company recognized the transaction with DSSI as
a debt extinguishment in accordance with GAAP . Since DSSI is a related party, the difference between the fair value of the
new equity instruments and the carrying value of the retired equity instruments was recognized as a deemed dividend of approximately 
million on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, interest expense associated with the Company s convertible notes was
approximately 
million and 
million, excluding amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing fees of approximately 
million and 
million, respectively. These amounts are included in interest expense, net, in our consolidated statements of operations. 

to years on the remaining Leases. Leases
with an initial term in excess of 12 months are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet based on the present value of future lease
payments over the defined lease term at the lease commencement date. Future lease payments were discounted using an implicit rate of
 to in connection with most leases. 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Operating leases 
 Accrued and other current liabilities 

Operating leases 
 Lease liability, long-term 

Total lease liabilities 

Operating lease cost 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease cost 
 Interest expense, net 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total lease cost 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total remaining payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease
 liability 

State
 and local 
 - 

Foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 current 
 - 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 - 

State
 and local 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 deferred 
 - 

Total
 consolidated income tax benefit 
 - 

State and local income taxes 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance for NOL carry-forwards 

Stock warrant transactions
 and other items 
 - 

Effective income
 tax rate 
 - 

Accruals and reserves not
 currently deductible 

Impairment of investments
 and inventory 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred
 tax assets, net 
 - 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized a valuation allowance of approximately 
million and million,
respectively, connection with certain deferred tax assets because of significant uncertainty about the Company s ability to
generate sufficient earnings in the foreseeable future to realize such assets. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and
2022, the Company recognized, in the aggregate, 
and ,
respectively, in deferred income tax benefits in connection with certain foreign start-up operations. In addition, during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized a valuation allowance of 
and ,
respectively, in connection with the associated deferred tax assets because these start-up operations do not yet have a history of
profits. 

The
Company has adopted the comprehensive model for how an entity should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in its financial statements
uncertain tax positions that it has taken or expects to take on a tax return, consistent with ASC 740. Accordingly, the Company recognizes
the impact of tax positions that meet a more likely than not threshold, based on the technical merits of the position.
The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position is measured based on the largest benefit that
has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and
2022, the Company had recognized a liability of 
 and ,
respectively, related to uncertain income tax positions, which is reported in other current liabilities. As of March 31, 2023, and 2022,
the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of 
 and ,
respectively, that, if recognized, would impact the Company s effective tax rate. 

Additions for tax positions related to the
 current year 

Balance at end of fiscal
 year 

The
company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to uncertain tax positions in current income tax provision. For the year ended March
31, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized interest and penalties, in the aggregate, of 0 and , respectively. Although
it is not reasonably possible to estimate the amount by which unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in the next twelve months
due to uncertainties regarding timing and outcome of any examinations, the Company is evaluating alternatives that may impact the recognition
of uncertain tax positions in the next twelve months. 

Republic of Korea 

Tax Jurisdiction 

Other Countries 
 N/A

million in the Company and the Company agreed to issue 
million shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock and a fully vested Stock Warrant to purchase up to million shares of
the Company s Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of per share (the Assigned Warrants ). Concurrently
with the SPA Agreement, Mr. Chan and DSS, then a major shareholder of the Company, entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement
pursuant to which Mr. Chan assigned to DSS all interests in the SPA Agreement. In July 2020, the Company issued million of its Class
A Common Stock pursuant to the SPA Agreement. The Stock Warrant issued pursuant to the SPA Agreement expires on the third anniversary
from the issuance date, unless exercised earlier. 

In
April 2021, the Company and DSSI entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which DSSI granted a million loan to
the Company in exchange for: (a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of million (the Note in favor
of DSSI, and (b) a detachable Stock Warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at 
per share. At any time during the term of the Note, all or part of the Note, including the principal amount less unamortized prepaid
interest, if any, plus any accrued interest can be converted into shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock at the rate of 
per share, at the option of the holder. Under the terms of the loan agreement, the Company agreed to pay to DSSI a loan origination fee
of million, payable in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, with the number of shares to be calculated at the rate
of per share. In April 2021, Sharing Services issued million shares of its Class A Common Stock to DSSI, including million
shares in payment of the loan origination fee and million shares in prepayment of interest on a loan for the first year, as more
fully discussed in Note 13, CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE above. 

In
December 2021, the Company and DSSI entered into a Stock Purchase and Share Subscription Agreement pursuant to which DSSI invested 
 in the Company in exchange for 
 million shares of Class A Common Stock (the Shares and stock warrants (the Service Warrants to purchase up to 
 million shares of the Company s Class A
Common Stock. The Stock Warrants are fully vested, have a term of five years and are exercisable at any time prior to expiration, at the option of DSSI, at a per share price equal to .
On the effective date of the Stock Purchase and Share Subscription Agreement, the closing price for the Company s common stock
was 
 per share and the Company recognized a deemed
dividend of 
 million in connection with the transaction. 

In
January 2022, the Company and DSS who, together with its subsidiaries, entered into a one-year Business Consulting Agreement (the
 Consulting Agreement pursuant to which the DSS will provide to the Company certain consulting services, as defined in
the Consulting Agreement. The Consulting Agreement may be terminated by either party on a 60-day s written notice. In
connection with the Consulting Agreement, the Company agreed to pay DSS and flat monthly fee of sixty thousand dollars and DSS received a fully vested detachable Stock Warrant to purchase up to 
million shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the exercise price of 
per share. On the effective date of the Consulting Agreement, the closing price of the Company s common stock was 
per share and the fair value of the Stock Warrant was 
million. The fair value of the Stock Warrant is being recognized as consulting expense over the term of one year. During the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized consulting expense of approximately million and million, respectively,
in connection with the Consulting Agreement. In February 2022, the Company issued 
million shares of its Common Stock Class A to DSS in connection with exercise of the Stock Warrant. As of March 31, 2023, the
prepaid consulting expense of 
million was fully amortized on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
June 2022, the Company and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. DSSI entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the
 SPA ), pursuant to which the Company issued: (a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of million
(the 2022 Note in favor of DSSI and (b) a detachable Warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock (the DSSI Warrants ), at per share, in exchange for the million. The 2022 Note bears interest
at the annual rate of and is due and payable on demand or, if no demand, on June 14, 2024. At any time during the term of the 2022
Note, all or part of the Note was convertible into up to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the option
of the holder. In connection with the loan, the Company agreed to pay to DSSI a loan Origination Fee of . In addition, DSSI agreed
to surrender to the Company all DSSI s rights pursuant to: (a) a certain Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of
 million issued by the Company in April 2021 in favor of DSSI, and (b) a certain detachable Warrant to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at per share, issued concurrently with such million note. The Company
recognized the transaction with DSSI as a debt extinguishment in accordance with GAAP . Since DSSI is a related party, the difference
between the fair value of the new equity instruments and the carrying value of the retired equity instruments was recognized as a capital
contribution within additional paid-in capital in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company mutually agreed with DSS to enter into a Letter Agreement (the DSS Letter Agreement ), pursuant
to which the Company and DSS have agreed to terminate and release all obligations of the Consulting Agreement effective as of December
31, 2022. In accordance with the DSS Letter Agreement, the Company also agreed to issue shares of the Company s Common
Stock in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the accrued and unpaid service fees equal to owed to DSS under the Consulting Agreement. 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company and DSSI mutually agreed in a Letter Agreement (the First DSSI Letter Agreement to a mutual
settlement of the interest accrued on the 2022 Note issued by the Company to DSSI. In accordance with the DSSI Letter Agreement, the
Company agreed to issue shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a price per share of in lieu of cash payment
to satisfy the accrued and unpaid interest through and including December 31, 2022, in the amount of owed to DSS. 

On
March 24, 2023, the Company, DSS and DSSI, entered into a Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to: (1) exchange and surrender of the Assigned million Warrants in exchange for 
shares of the Company s Class A common stock; (2) exchange and surrender the Service Warrants of warrants for
 shares of the Company s Class A common stock; (3) exchange and surrender the DSSI Warrants; and (4) amend the 2022
Note by removing all conversion rights granted by the 2022 Note in exchange for shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The Company issued 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock in full satisfaction, exchange and payment for the exchanges and amendments set
forth in the Agreement. The Company recognized the transaction with DSSI as a debt extinguishment in accordance with GAAP . Since
DSSI is a related party, the difference between the fair value of the new equity instruments and the carrying value of the retired
equity instruments was recognized as a deemed dividend on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

On
April 17, 2023, the Company and DSSI mutually agreed in a subsequent Letter Agreement (the Second DSSI Letter Agreement to a mutual settlement of the interest accrued on the 2022 Note between January 1, 2023, through and including March 31, 2023. In accordance
with the Second DSSI Letter Agreement, the Company agreed to issue shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a price
per share of in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the accrued and unpaid interest between January 1, 2023, through and including
March 31, 2023, in the amount of owed to DSSI. 

As
of March 31, 2023, DSS and its affiliates owned, in the aggregate, 
 shares of the Company s Class A Common
Stock. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, Frank D. Heuszel, and John JT Thatch, each a Director of the Company, also serve on the
Board of Directors of DSS. Mr. Chan serves as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Thatch serves as President,
CEO and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

On
May 4, 2023, DSS and DSSI distributed, in the aggregate, shares of SHRG they then held to DSS, Inc. shareholders in connection
with the Form S-1 (file no. 333-271184) initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2023, and declared effective
on April 25, 2023. Accordingly, after the distribution, DSS ceased to be a majority shareholder of the Company. 

Alset
Title Company, Inc. 

In
December 2021, Sharing Services, through one of its subsidiaries, purchased an office building in Lindon, Utah for . In connection
therewith, Alset Title Company, Inc. Alset Title ), a subsidiary of DSS, acted as escrow and closing agent for the transaction,
at no cost. DSS, together with its subsidiaries, is a shareholder of the Company. 

Hapi
Caf , Inc. 

In
November 2021, Sharing Services and Hapi Caf , Inc, a company affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, a Director of the Company,
entered into a Master Franchise Agreement pursuant to which Sharing Services acquired the exclusive franchise rights in North America
to the brand Hapi Caf . Under the terms, Sharing Services, directly or through its subsidiaries, has the right to
operate no less than five (5) corporate-owned stores and can offer to the public sub-franchise rights to own and operate other stores,
subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Master Franchise Agreement. 

HWH
International, Inc. 

In
October 2017, Sharing Services issued a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the Note to HWH
International, Inc. HWH or the Holder ). HWH is affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, who became a Director
of the Company in April 2020. The Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. Concurrent with issuance
of the Note, the Company issued to HWH a detachable stock warrant to purchase up to an additional shares of the Company s
Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share. Under the terms of the Note and the detachable stock warrant, the Holder is entitled
to certain financing rights. On August 9, 2022, HWH and the Company executed an agreement to settle the Note and cancel the related stock
warrant for , which amount represents the principal plus accrued interest. The Company made the payment to HWH on August 9, 2022. 

HWH
World, Inc. 

A
subsidiary of the Company operating in the Republic of Korea subleases office space from HWH World, Inc. HWH World ),
a subsidiary of DSS and a company affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, a Director of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the
sublease agreement, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and an operating lease liability of 
in connection therewith in its fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized
expense of 
in connection with this lease. As of March 31, 2022, accounts payable includes payments due to HWH World under the lease of .
In May 2022, the Company and HWH World amended the related sublease agreement to significantly reduce the space subleased by the
Company and the related rent obligation. As of March 31, 2023, the agreement constitutes a month-to-month arrangement. 

In
September 2021, the Company and HWH World entered into an Advisory Agreement pursuant to which the Company provides strategic advisory
services to HWH World in connection with its North America expansion plans in exchange for a monthly fee of . During the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized consulting income of in connection therewith. The Advisory Agreement was terminated
during the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

Impact
Biomedical, Inc. 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company purchased health and wellness products from Impact Biomedical,
Inc., a subsidiary of DSS, in the aggregate amount of . 

K
Beauty Research Lab. Co., Ltd 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company purchased skin care products manufactured by K Beauty
Research Lab. Co., Ltd K Beauty ), a South Korean-based supplier of skin care products that is affiliated with Heng Fai
Ambrose Chan, a Director of the Company, in the aggregate amount of million. 

Premier
Packaging Corporation 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company issued purchase orders to Premier Packaging
Corporation, a subsidiary of DSS, to acquire printed packaging materials for approximately and , respectively. 

Alchemist
Holdings, LLC 

In
February 2020, the Company, Alchemist Holdings, LLC Alchemist ), and a former Company officer entered into a Settlement
Accommodation Agreement (the Accommodation Agreement pursuant to which Alchemist and the former Company officer agreed
to transfer to the Company million shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Alchemist, in settlement of certain obligations
to the Company. Under the terms of the Accommodation Agreement, Alchemist and the former Company officer also agreed to transfer to the
Company million shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Alchemist, to offset certain legal and other expenses incurred
by the Company in connection with various related-party legal claims. Accordingly, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Company
and Alchemist caused the transfer to the Company, in the aggregate, of million shares of the Company s Common Stock then held
by Alchemist, and the Company retired such redeemed shares. 

In
June 2020, the Company and the former Company officer discussed in the preceding paragraph entered into a Settlement Accommodation Agreement
and an Amended and Restated Founder Consulting Agreement pursuant to which the Company and the former officer agreed to settle all existing
disputes between them, the former officer agreed to continue to provide certain consulting services to the Company, and the Company agreed
to pay certain amounts to the former officer. The Company has recognized a settlement liability of million in connection therewith.
As of March 31, 2022, the settlement liability was . 

In
May 2022, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Alchemist, the former officer discussed in the preceding
paragraph and certain entities affiliated with the former officer, on the other hand, entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement
with Mutual Releases (the May 2022 Settlement Agreement pursuant to which the parties amicably settled all claims and
disputes among them; (b) the former officer sold to the Company shares of the Company s common stock then under the
voting and dispositive control of the former officer; (c) the Company made a one-time payment of ; and (d) the Company and
its relevant subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the former officer and relevant entities affiliated with the former officer, on the other
hand, exchanged customary mutual releases of any prior obligations among them. On May 19, 2022, the closing price for the Company s
common stock was per share. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company measured and recognized the repurchase of its
common stock at its fair value of , derecognized its remaining liability under the Co-Founder s Agreement, and recognized
a recovery of 324,230 in connection with the previously recognized loss related to the Co-Founder s Agreement. As of March 31,
2023, and 2022, the settlement liability balance is and , respectively. 

The
Company subleases warehouse and office space from Alchemist, a shareholder of the Company on a month-to-month basis until May 2022.
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, rent expense associated with such sublease agreement was approximately 
and , respectively. 

New
Electric CV Corp. (formerly, American Premium Water Corporation) 

In
July 2021, the Company, and American Premium Water Corporation American Premium entered into a business consulting agreement
pursuant to which the Company provides consulting services to American Premium in exchange for a monthly fee of . Mr. John JT 
Thatch, a director of the Company, also serves on the Board of Directors of American Premium. During the fiscal year ended March 31,
2023, and 2022, the Company recognized consulting fee income of approximately and , respectively. 

American
Pacific Bancorp, Inc. 

On
June 15, 2022, Sharing Services, through one of its subsidiaries, entered into a secured real estate promissory note with American Pacific
Bancorp, Inc. APB ), and the Company entered into a Loan Agreement pursuant to which APB loaned the Company approximately
 million. The loan bears interest at the annual rate of matures on , is payable in equal monthly instalments of 
commencing on July 1, 2022 (with the remainder due on June 1, 2024). The loan is secured by a first mortgage interest on the Company s
Lindon, Utah office building. In connection with this loan, the Company received net proceeds of from APB on June 17, 2022.
APB is a subsidiary of DSS. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, Frank D. Heuszel and John JT Thatch, each a Director of the Company,
also serve on the Board of Directors of DSS, and Messrs. Chan and Heuszel also serve on the Board of Directors of APB.. 

On
August 11, 2022, the Company executed a revolving credit promissory note with APB pursuant to which the Company has access to advances
with a maximum principal balance not to exceed the principal sum of million. The APB Revolving Note is collateralized by the assets
of the Company, and it bears interest at the annual rate of and such interest shall be due and payable quarterly as it accrues on
the outstanding balance. On December 9, 2022, APB and the Company mutually agreed to limit and/or end any further commitment by APB to
fund or to readvance under the terms of the APB Revolving Note to million. As of March 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding
under the APB Revolving Note. 

 shares, par value per share, of which: (a) Two Billion Shares of Common Stock having
a par value of per share Common Stock and (b) Two Hundred Million Shares of Preferred Stock comprised
of Series A and Series C having a par value of per share or as authorized Preferred Stock ). The Board may divide
the authorization into one or more series, each with distinct powers, designations, preferences, and rights. 

Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock 

The
Board has authorized the issuance of up to shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred
Stock ). Shares of our Series A Preferred Stock are senior in rank to shares of our Series C Preferred Stock. The affirmative vote
of the holders of of the issued and outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock is required for the Board: (i) to declare
dividends upon shares of our Common Stock unless, with respect to cash dividends, the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock are to receive
the same dividend as the common shares, on an as converted basis; (ii) to redeem the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock at a redemption
price of per share; (iii) to authorize or issue additional or other capital stock that is junior or equal in rank to shares of
our Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the preferences as to distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution, or winding
up of the Company; and (iv) to amend, alter, change, or repeal any of the powers, designations, preferences, and rights of our
Series A Preferred Stock. Upon the dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company the sum of per share before any payment
or distribution shall be made on our shares of Common Stock, or any other class of capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock. For a period of 10 years from the date of issuance, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may elect to convert each share
of the Series A Preferred Stock into one share of the Company s Common Stock. Each share of our Series A Preferred Stock is entitled
to one vote when voting as a class or together with the shares of our Common Stock. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, stockholders converted an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred
Stock into an equal number of shares of the Company s Common Stock. There were similar conversions in the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

As
of March 31, 2023, and 2022, shares, respectively, of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding. The
shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock reported in the Company s financial statements as of March 31, 2023, and
2022, include shares purportedly held by Research Referral BZ, pending cancellation of the stock certificate when presented
by Research Referral BZ in the future. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock 

The
Board has authorized the issuance of up to shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock ).
Issued and outstanding shares of our Series B Preferred Stock, if any, are senior in rank to shares of our Series A and Series C Preferred
Stock. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, all shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock previously issued were
converted into shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. As of March 31, 2023, and 2022, shares of the Company s Series
B Preferred Stock remain outstanding. 

Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock 

The
Board has authorized the issuance of up to shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock ).
Shares of our Series C Preferred Stock are junior in rank to the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock. The affirmative vote of the holders
of of the issued and outstanding shares of our Series C Preferred Stock is required for the Board: (i) to declare dividends upon
shares of our Common Stock unless, with respect to cash dividends, the shares of our Series C Preferred Stock are to receive the same
dividend as the common shares, on an as converted basis; (ii) to redeem the shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a redemption price
of per share; (iii) to authorize or issue additional or other capital stock that is junior or equal in rank to our Series C Preferred
Stock with respect to the preferences as to distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company;
and (iv) to amend, alter, change, or repeal any of the powers, designations, preferences, and rights of the Series C Preferred Stock.
Upon the dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company the sum of 0.001 per share before any payment or distribution shall be
made on our shares of Common Stock, or any other class of capital stock of the Company ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock.
For a period of 10 years from the date of issuance, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock may elect to convert each share of Series
C Preferred Stock into one share of the Company s Common Stock. Each share of our Series C Preferred Stock is entitled to one vote
when voting as a class or together with shares of our Common Stock. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, holders of shares of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock converted their holdings
into an equal number of shares of the Company s Common Stock. As of March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively shares of
the Company s Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

The
Board has authorized the issuance of up to shares of Class A Common Stock and up to shares of Class B Common
Stock, each with a par value of per share. Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to dividends, subject to the rights of the
holders of other classes of capital stock outstanding having priority rights with respect to dividends. At the time of this Annual Report,
 shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock remain outstanding. References to our Common Stock throughout this
report include our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires. 

In
April 2021, the Company issued million shares of its Class A Common Stock to DSSI, including million shares in payment of a
loan origination fee and million shares in prepayment of interest on a loan, as more fully discussed in Notes 13 and 16 above. On
the effective date of the loan agreement, the closing price for the Company s common stock was per share and the Company
recognized a deemed dividend of million in connection with this related-party transaction. 

In
December 2021, the Company and DSSI entered into a Stock Purchase and Share Subscription Agreement pursuant to which DSSI invested 
million in the Company in exchange for million shares of Class A Common Stock and a Stock Warrant to purchase up to million
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. On the effective date of the Stock Purchase and Share Subscription Agreement, the
closing price for the Company s common stock was per share and the Company recognized a deemed dividend of million
in connection with this related-party transaction. 

In
January 2022, the Company and DSS entered into a one-year Business Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement pursuant to which the DSS will provide to the Company certain consulting services, as defined in the Consulting Agreement. In
connection with the Consulting Agreement, the Company agreed to pay DSS and a flat monthly fee of sixty thousand dollars and DSS received a fully vested detachable Stock Warrant to purchase up to 
million shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the exercise price of 
per share. On the effective date of the Consulting Agreement, the fair value of the detachable Stock Warrant was 
million which was recognized as consulting expense over the term of the Consulting Agreement (one year). In February 2022,
Sharing Services issued 
million shares of its Common Stock Class A to DSS in connection with the exercise of such Stock Warrant. 

On
June 15, 2022, the Company and DSSI which, together with DSS, is a majority shareholder of the Company, entered into an agreement
pursuant to which the Company issued, to DSSI: (a) a two-year Convertible, Advancing Promissory Note in the principal amount of
 
million (the 2022 Note in favor of DSSI and (b) a detachable Warrant to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock at the exercise price of 
per share. The 2022 Note bears interest at the annual rate of 
and is due and payable on demand or, if no demand, on May 1, 2024. At any time during the term of the 2022 Note, all or part of the
Note may be converted into up to 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the option of the holder. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company
agreed to pay to DSSI a loan origination fee of .
In addition, DSSI agreed to surrender to the Company all DSSI s rights pursuant to: (a) a certain Convertible Promissory Note
in the principal amount of 
million issued by the Company in April 2021 in favor of DSSI, and (b) a certain detachable Warrant to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at 
per share, issued concurrently with such 
million note. The Company recognized the transaction with DSSI as a debt extinguishment in accordance with GAAP . Since DSSI
is a related party, the difference between the fair value of the new equity instruments and the carrying value of the retired equity
instruments was recognized as a capital contribution of million in additional paid in capital on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet. 

On February 3, 2023, the Company mutually agreed with
DSS to enter into a Letter Agreement (the DSS Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company and DSS have agreed to terminate
and release all obligations of the Consulting Agreement effective as of December 31, 2022. In accordance with the DSS Letter Agreement,
the Company also agreed to issue shares of the Company s Common Stock in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the accrued
and unpaid service fees equal to owed to DSS under the Consulting Agreement. 

On February 28, 2023, the Company and DSSI mutually
agreed in a Letter Agreement (the First DSSI Letter Agreement to a mutual settlement of the interest accrued on the 2022
Note issued by the Company to DSSI. In accordance with the DSSI Letter Agreement, the Company agreed to issue shares of the
Company s Common Stock, at a price per share of in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the accrued and unpaid interest through
and including December 31, 2022, in the amount of owed to DSS. 

In
March 24, 2023, the Company, DSS and DSSI, entered into a Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement (the Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Agreement, the parties decided to: 1) exchange and surrender the Assigned Warrants, 2) exchange and surrender the Service
Warrants, 3) exchange and surrender the DSSI Warrants, and 4) amend the 2022 Note by removing all conversion rights granted by the 2022
Note. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company issued shares of its Class A Common Stock in connection with the exchange
and surrender of the Assigned Warrants and the Service Warrants. In accordance with GAAP, the Company recognized a deemed dividend of
 on the Company s consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Company issued shares of its Class A Common
Stock in connection with removal of all conversion rights granted by the 2022 Note. The Company recognized the debt modification transaction
as a debt extinguishment in accordance with GAAP . Since DSSI is a related party, the difference between the fair value of the
new debt instrument and the carrying value of the retired debt instrument was recognized as a deemed dividend of million on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2020, the Company, Alchemist Holdings, LLC Alchemist ), and a former Company officer entered into a Settlement
Accommodation Agreement (the Accommodation Agreement pursuant to which Alchemist and the former Company officer agreed
to transfer to the Company million shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Alchemist, in settlement of certain obligations
to the Company. Under the terms of the Accommodation Agreement, Alchemist and the former Company officer also agreed to transfer to the
Company million shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Alchemist, to offset certain legal and other expenses incurred
by the Company in connection with various related-party legal claims. Accordingly, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Company
and Alchemist caused the transfer to the Company, in the aggregate, of million shares of the Company s Common Stock then held
by Alchemist, and the Company retired such redeemed shares. 

In
May 2022, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Alchemist, the former officer and certain entities affiliated
with the former officer, on the other hand, entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement with Mutual Releases (the May 2022
Settlement Agreement pursuant to which the parties amicably settled all claims and disputes among them; (b) the former officer
sold to the Company shares of the Company s common stock then under the voting and dispositive control of the former
officer; (c) the Company made a one-time payment of ; and (d) the Company and its relevant subsidiaries, on the one hand, and
the former officer and relevant entities affiliated with the former officer, on the other hand, exchanged customary mutual releases of
any prior obligations among them. On May 19, 2022, the closing price for the Company s common stock was per share. In the
fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2022, the Company measured and recognized the repurchase of its common stock at its fair value of ,
derecognized its remaining liability under the Co-Founder s Agreement, and recognized a recovery of in connection with
the previously recognized loss related to the Co-Founder s Agreement. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, holders of shares of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock converted such holdings
into an equal number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. In addition, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022,
the Company issued: (a) million shares in connection with the exercise of warrants by Company employees, and (b) shares in
connection with the exercise of warrants by independent distributors of the Company. There were no issuances during the year ended March
31, 2023, of Series C Preferred Stock. 

As
of March 31, 2023, and 2022, shares and shares, respectively, of our Class A Common Stock remained issued and
outstanding. As of March 31, 2023, and 2022, there were shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock outstanding. 

shares of its Common Stock, with an aggregate grant date fair value of million. Some of the stock
warrants outstanding as of March 31, 2022, are exercisable at a variable exercise price (see Note 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES - Share-Based Payments for more details) pursuant to the related employment agreements. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, expense recognized in connection with stock-based compensation awards was , including:
(a) compensatory expense of and (b) income associated with the subsequent measure of fully vested awards (see preceding paragraph)
of . In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, income recognized in connection with stock-based compensation awards was million,
including: (a) compensatory expense of and (b) income associated with the subsequent measure of fully vested awards (see preceding
paragraph) of million. 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued a fully vested warrant to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s Common Stock, at the exercise price of per share, to the Company s CEO John JT Thatch. The fair value of the
warrant on the grant date was . 

In
October 2017, the Company issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 
 to HWH International, Inc HWH and a detachable stock warrant to purchase up to 
 shares of the Company s Common Stock, at
an exercise price of 
 per share. The Note is convertible into 
 shares of the Company s Common Stock and
expires in October 2022. HWH is affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, who in April 2020 became a Director of the Company. On August
9, 2022, HWH and the Company executed an agreement to settle the Note and cancel the related stock warrant for , which amount
represents the principal plus accrued interest. The Company made the payment to HWH on August 9, 2022. 

In
January 2022, the Company and DSS who, together with its subsidiaries, was then a majority shareholder of the Company, entered into
a one-year Business Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement pursuant to which the DSS would provide to the
Company certain consulting services, as defined in the Consulting Agreement. In connection with the Consulting Agreement, the
Company agreed to pay DSS and flat monthly fee of sixty thousand dollars and DSS received a fully vested detachable Stock Warrant to purchase up to 
million shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the exercise price of 
per share. On the effective date of the Consulting Agreement, the closing price of the Company s common stock was 
per share and the fair value of the Stock Warrant was 
million. The fair value of the Stock Warrant is being recognized as consulting expense over the term of one year. During the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized consulting expense of approximately million and million,
respectively, in connection with the Consulting Agreement. In February 2023, the Company issued 
million shares of its Common Stock Class A to DSS in connection with exercise of the Stock Warrant. 

In
June 2022, the Company and DSSI entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA pursuant to which the Company issued:
(a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of million (the 2022 Note in favor of DSSI and (b) a detachable
Warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Warrant ), at per share.
At any time during the term of the 2022 Note, all or part of the Note was convertible into up to shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock, at the option of the holder. In connection with the SPA, DSSI surrendered to the Company all DSSI s rights
pursuant to: (a) the Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of million discussed in the preceding paragraph, and (b)
the detachable Warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock discussed in the preceding paragraph.
In March 2023, the parties entered into a Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the
2022 Note by removing the conversion rights granted by the 2022 Note. The Company recognized the transaction with DSSI as a debt extinguishment
in accordance with GAAP . Since DSSI is a related party, the difference between the fair value of the new equity instruments and
the carrying value of the retired equity instruments was recognized as a deemed dividend in the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 

Expired
 or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired, terminated, or
 forfeited 

- 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 

In
February 2023, the Company issued a fully vested warrant to purchase up to 
 shares of the Company s Common Stock, at
an exercise price of 
 per share (the Warrant ), to its
Chief Executive Officer in connection with the executive existing employment agreement. The Warrant expires in February 2028. The fair
value of the warrant on the grant date was . 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 
 Expired
 or forfeited 

- 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired or forfeited 

Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

Less: unvested at March 31, 2023 

Vested at March 31, 2023 

Stock
Warrants Issued to Our Independent Sales Force 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued fully vested warrants to purchase up to shares of its Common Stock
to members of its independent sales force, with a fair value of million. The warrants are exercisable for a period ranging from
 one to from the issuance date, at the exercise price ranging from per share to per share. In the fiscal year ended
March 31,2022 warrants held by independent distributors to purchase up to shares and shares, respectively, of the
Company s Common Stock expired or were otherwise terminated or forfeited. As of March 31, 2023, the warrants held by independent
distributors had all expired and no additional shares were granted. See Note 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Sales
Commissions for more details. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired or forfeited 

Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Expired or forfeited 
 - 

Outstanding at March 31,2023 

From
time to time, the Company has granted fully vested warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock to its consultants in exchange for services.
The following table summarizes the activity relating to the Company s stock warrants held by Company consultants (all of which
are fully vested): 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised,
 expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised,
 expired or forfeited 

Outstanding, at March 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 

million in connection therewith.
As of March 31, 2022, the settlement liability balance is . See Note 16 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Alchemist
Holdings, LLC above for more information. 

Legal
Proceedings Other Matters 

The
Company from time to time is involved in various claims and lawsuits incidental to the conduct of its business in the ordinary course.
We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

(a) 
 Case
 No. 4:20-cv-00946; Dennis Burback, Ken Eddy and Mark Andersen v. Robert Oblon, Jordan Brock, Jeff Bollinger, Four Oceans Global,
 LLC, Four Oceans Holdings, Inc., Alchemist Holdings, LLC, Elepreneurs U.S., LLC, Elevacity U.S., LLC, Sharing Services Global Corporation,
 Custom Travel Holdings, Inc., and Does 1-5, pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. On
 December 11, 2020, three investors in Four Oceans Global, LLC filed a lawsuit against the Company, its affiliated entities, and other
 persons and entities related to an investment made by the three Plaintiffs in 2015. The Company and its affiliated entities filed
 an answer denying the three investors claims. Plaintiffs filed a First Amended Complaint on October 14, 2021. The Company
 and its affiliated entities responded in November 2021 by filing a Motion to Dismiss the claims contained in the Amended Complaint.
 The Motion was granted on July 20, 2022, by Court Order dismissing with prejudice the Company and all affiliated entities from the
 lawsuit. In early August 2022, Plaintiffs on their own motion moved to dismiss all claims against the remaining parties in the case
 to enable the Order of Dismissal to become an appealable, final Order. On September 7, 2022, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal
 to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The Plaintiffs filed their Proposed Sufficient Brief of Appellants with
 the Fifth Circuit on January 2, 2023. The Company filed e a Response Brief on February 22, 2023. The appeal is still pending as of
 March 31, 2023. 

(b) 
 Case
 No. 4:21-cv-00026; Elepreneurs Holdings, LLC d/b/a Elepreneur, LLC, Elepreneurs U.S., LLC d/b/a Elepreneurs, LLC, and SHRG IP
 Holdings, LLC v. Lori Ann Benson, Andrea Althaus and Lindsey Buboltz, pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern
 District of Texas. On December 31, 2020, the Company filed suit against three former distributors and obtained injunctive relief
 from the 429 th Judicial District of Collin County, Texas. The lawsuit was removed by the three former distributors to
 federal court. The Company subsequently obtained injunctive relief from the federal court. The parties settled their disputes, and
 a Joint Motion for Final Dismissal was entered on October 7, 2022. 

(c) 
 Case
 No. 429-01137-2022; Elevacity U.S., LLC d/b/a The Happy Co. and Elepreneurs U.S., LLC d/b/a Elepreneurs, LLC v. Mark Willodson,
 Judy Willodson and Valentus, Inc., pending in the 429 th Judicial District Court of Collin County, Texas. On March
 9, 2022, the Company filed suit against a competitor and former distributors. On March 9, 2022, the Company filed suit against a
 competitor and former distributors. An Agreed Temporary Injunction was entered by the Court against the Willodsons in April 2022.
 On April 4, 2023, this legal proceeding was settled between the parties. 

(d) 
 Case
 No. 4:22-cv-00042; Elevacity U.S., LLC d/b/a The Happy Co. and Elepreneurs U.S., LLC d/b/a Elepreneurs, LLC v. Brian Christopher
 Schweda, Jr., pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. On January 20, 2022, the Company
 filed suit against a former distributor. The Defendant filed two motions to dismiss. The Court entered an Order recently denying
 Defendant s motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction over the Defendant in Texas. As of December 31, 2022, Defendant s
 motion to dismiss Plaintiff s claim of tortious interference remains pending. Regardless of the outcome of that pending motion,
 the case will move forward with breach of contract claims against the Defendant. On April 10, 2023, this legal proceeding was settled between the parties. 

(e) 
 Case
 No. 9:22-cv-00146; Travel Gig, LLC and Happitravel, LLC v . Sharing Services Global Corporation, SHRG IP Holdings, LLC;
 Global Travel Destinations, LLC. , and Does 1-25, pending in the United States District Court for the District of Montana. On
 September 7, 2022, Plaintiffs filed a lawsuit against the Company and two affiliated entities alleging trademark infringement concerning
 the Company s affiliated travel entity. Plaintiffs filed a motion seeking a Preliminary Injunction and the Court set a hearing
 on the motion for November 1, 2022. On December 30, 2022 the Plaintiffs filed a status report to the Court that a settlement had
 been reached. On February 2, 2023 the Parties filed a Joint Motion for Dismissal. The Court entered a Dismissal with Prejudice on
 February 6, 2023. 

(f) 
 Case No. 4:22-cv-00047; Elevacity U.S., LLC d/b/a The Happy Co. and Elepreneurs U.S., LLC d/b/a Elepreneurs, LLC v. Kimberley McLean,
 pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. On January 20, 2022, the Company filed suit against
 a former distributor. On April 10, 2023, this legal proceeding was settled between the parties. 

Other 

Total
 net sales 

Operating
 earnings (loss): 

Segment
 gross profit: 

Health
 and wellness products 

Other 

Total
 segment gross profit 

Selling
 and marketing expenses 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Consolidated
 operating loss 

Total
 Assets: 

Health
 and wellness 

Corporate 

Consolidated
 total assets 

Payments
 for property and equipment: 

Health
 and wellness 
 - 

Corporate 

Consolidated
 payments for property and equipment 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense: 

Health
 and wellness 

Corporate 

Consolidated
 depreciation and amortization 

Geographic
Area Information 

Canada 

Republic of Korea 

Other 

Total 

Republic of Korea 

Other 

Total 

shares of the Company s Common Stock,
at a price per share of in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the accrued and unpaid interest between January 1, 2023, through and
including March 31, 2023, in the amount of owed to DSSI. 

On
May 4, 2023, DSS and/or DSSI distributed shares they held of SHRG to DSS, Inc. s shareholders in connection with the
Form S-1 (file no. 333-271184) initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2023, and declared effective on
April 25, 2023. As a result of this distribution, DSS and affiliates ceased being a majority shareholder of the Company. 

68 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the fiscal period covered by this Annual Report, and concluded that, as of March
31, 2023, due to significant deficiencies described below, he Company s disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective in providing
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to the Company s management and its Board of Directors, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Limitations
on the Company s Controls and Procedures. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A system of internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Because of the limitations in all such systems, no evaluation can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Furthermore,
the design of any system of disclosure controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions,
regardless of how unlikely. Because of these inherent limitations in a cost-effective system of controls and procedures, misstatements
or omissions due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Management
of the Company, including the CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management, with the participation of our CEO and our CFO, assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was ineffective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our conclusion is based on the
fact that we do not have sufficient number of qualified accounting personnel to ensure proper segregation of incompatible duties, perform
timely account analyses, and timely preparation and review of our financial statements. To remediate these significant deficiencies,
our management is in the process of (i) hiring more qualified accounting personnel with relevant U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience;
(ii) enhancing our accounting and financial reporting process, and (iii) strengthening our account reconciliation and documentation procedures. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. During our most recent fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

69 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Except
as stated below, the information required by Item 10 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement
related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS, DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Heng
Fai Ambrose Chan, Frank D. Heuszel, and John JT Thatch, each a Director of the Company, also serve on the Board of Directors
of DSS, Inc. (formerly Document Security Systems, Inc.) DSS ). Mr. Chan also serves as Executive Chairman of the Company s
Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Thatch also serves as President, CEO and Vice Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors
of the Company. Until May 4, 2023, DSS, together with its subsidiary, Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., was a majority shareholder
of the Company. On May 4, 2023, DSS and/or DSSI distributed 280,528,500 shares they held of SHRG to DSS, Inc. s shareholders in
connection with the Form S-1 (file no. 333-271184) initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2023, and
declared effective on April 25, 2023. As a result of the distribution, DSS and affiliates ceased being a majority shareholder of the
Company. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

The
Company s Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to the Company s directors, officers
and employees. Copies of this document are available in print to any person, free of charge, upon written request to our Investor Relations
Department at 5200 Tennyson Pkwy, Suite 400, Plano, Texas 75024. 

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings 

No
Executive Officer or Director of the registrant has been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the
subject of a criminal proceeding that is currently pending. In addition, no Executive Officer of the registrant is the subject of any
other type of legal proceedings pending. 

As
of the date hereof, no Executive Officer or Director of the registrant is involved in any bankruptcy petition by or against any business
in which they are a general partner, an executive officer or a director at this time or within two years of any involvement as a general
partner, executive officer, or director of any business. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

We
are a Smaller Reporting Company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and, accordingly, have omitted certain information required
by Item 11 of this Annual Report as permitted by applicable scaled disclosure rules. 

The
additional information required by Item 11 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related
to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION DIRECTOR AND OFFICER COMPENSATION, 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE, DIRECTOR COMPENSATION and OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Except
as stated below, the information required by Item 12 of this Annual Report, including information about securities granted under individual
compensation arrangements with executives of the registrant, is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to
the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION and SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT. 

70 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company did not issue securities
to its directors, officers, employees, independent sales distributors, and consultants. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company
issued a fully vested warrant to purchase up to 8,444,663 shares of the Company Common Stock, at the exercise price of 0.0001 per share,
to the Company s CEO John JT Thatch. The fair value of the warrant on the grant date was 109,780. 

In
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021, and April 30, 2020, the Board authorized the issuance of fully vested stock warrants to purchase
an aggregate of up to 29,200,000 shares and 32,000,000 shares, respectively, of the Company s Common Stock to its employees, including
24,700,000 shares and 32,000,000 shares, respectively, exercisable at a price linked to the price of a share of the Company s stock
multiplied by a discount rate. As of March 31, 2022, stock warrants to purchase up to 19,700,000 shares under these authorizations remain
outstanding. 

In
addition, in the fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Company issued fully vested stock warrants in connection with certain stock
subscription agreements. These warrants convey the right to purchase up to 2,180,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, at
an exercise price determined by the average trading price per share of the Company s Common Stock and expired in the fiscal
year 2023. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

We
are a Smaller Reporting Company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and, accordingly, have omitted certain information required
by Item 13 of this Annual Report as permitted by applicable scaled disclosure rules. 

The
additional information required by Item 13 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related
to the Fiscal 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by Item 14 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading PROPOSAL 4 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS. 

71 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Documents
filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(a)
List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules required by Item 8 of this Annual Report: See Consolidated Financial
Statements beginning on Page 37 of this Annual Report. Certain financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required information
does not apply or is contained in the registrant s Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes thereto. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

3.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Sharing Services Global Corporation, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on July 14, 2022 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Sharing Services Global Corporation, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2019 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2017 

4.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2017 

4.3 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated April 5, 2021, issued by Sharing Service Global Corporation in favor of Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2021 

4.4 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Sharing Services Global Corporation s Class A Common Stock, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 1.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2021 

4.5 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Sharing Services Global Corporation s Class A Common Stock, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2021 

4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Sharing Services Global Corporation s Class A Common Stock, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2022 

4.7 
 
 Form of Secured Advancing Convertible Promissory Note issued, in June 2022, by Sharing Service Global Corporation in favor of Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 21, 2022 

4.8 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Sharing Services Global Corporation s Class A Common Stock issued, in June 2022, by Sharing Service Global Corporation to Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 21, 2022 

10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of April 5, 2021. by and among Sharing Service Global Corporation and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2021 

72 

10.2 
 
 Stock Purchase and Share Subscription Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021, by and among Sharing Service Global Corporation and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2021 

10.3 
 
 Business Consulting Agreement dated January 24, 2022, by and between Sharing Service Global Corporation and DSS, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2022 

10.4 
 
 Form of Distributor Agreement of The Happy Co., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, filed on June 10, 2021 

10.5 
 
 2021 The Happy Co. Brand Partner Compensation Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, filed on June 10, 2021 

10.6 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into, in June 2022, by and among Sharing Services Global Corporation, and the Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 21, 2022 

10.7 
 
 Form of Security Agreement made, in June 2022, by Sharing Service Global Corporation in favor of Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 21, 2022 

10.8 
 
 Form of Loan Agreement entered into, in June 2022, by and between LINDEN REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS, LLC and AMERICAN PACIFIC BANCORP, INC., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 21, 2022 

10.9 
 
 Form of DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FINANCING STATEMENT made, in June 2022, by LINDEN REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS, LLC in favor of Cottonwood Title Insurance Agency, Inc., for the benefit of American Pacific Bancorp, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 21, 2022 

10.10 
 
 Form of Demand Promissory Note issued, in June 2022, by LINDEN REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS, LLC in favor of AMERICAN PACIFIC BANCORP, INC., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 21, 2022 

10.11 
 
 Letter Agreement dated February 3, 2023, by and between Sharing Service Global Corporation and DSS, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2023 

10.12 
 
 Letter Agreement dated February 28, 2023, by and between Sharing Service Global Corporation and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2023 

10.13 
 
 Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement dated March 24, 2023, by and between Sharing Service Global Corporation, DSS, Inc., and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023 

10.14 
 
 Letter Agreement dated April 17, 2023, by and between Sharing Service Global Corporation and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2023 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries of Sharing Services Global Corporation 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 The following financial
 information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, formatted in XBRL (Extensible
 Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
 Loss; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Filed
herewith 

 Furnished herewith 

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules Not applicable 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY . 

As
permitted, the Company has elected to omit the information required by Item 16 of this Annual Report. 

73 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 23 rd day of June 2023. 

SHARING
 SERVICES GLOBAL CORPORATION 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/
 John Thatch 

John
 Thatch 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Anthony S. Chan 

Anthony
 S. Chan 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 John Thatch 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board of 
 
 June
 23, 2023 
 
 John
 Thatch 
 
 Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Heng Fai Ambrose Chan 
 
 Executive
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 June
 23, 2023 
 
 Heng
 Fai Ambrose Chan 

/s/
 David K. Keene 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 23, 2023 
 
 David
 K. Keene 

/s/
 Frank D. Heuszel 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 23, 2023 
 
 Frank
 D. Heuszel 

/s/
 Castel B. Hibbert 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 23, 2023 
 
 Castel
 B. Hibbert 

/s/
 Robert H. Trapp 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 23, 2023 
 
 Robert
 H. Trapp 

/s/
 Christian Zimmerman 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 23, 2023 
 
 Christian
 Zimmerman 

74 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SHARING
SERVICES GLOBAL CORPORATION 

 LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Sharing
Services Global Corporation 

Elevacity
 Ventures, LLC (Texas) 

Elevacity
 Holdings, LLC (Texas) 

Elevacity
 U.S., LLC (Texas) 

Global
 Product Innovations, LLC (Texas) 

Global
 Travel Destinations, LLC (Texas) 

Product
 Innovations Affiliates, LLC (Texas) 

Hapi
 Place Holdings, LLC (Texas) 

SHRG
 Development Ventures, LLC (Texas) 

SHRG
 IP Holdings, LLC (Texas) 

SHRG
 Investment Ventures, LLC (Texas) 

SHRG
 North America Acquisitions, LLC (Texas) 

SHRG
 Real Estate Holdings, LLC (Texas) 

Linden
 Real Estate Holdings, LLC (Texas) 

Elevacity
 International Holdings, LLC (Texas) 

SHRG
 Asia Partners Pte. Limited (Singapore) 

Sigma
 Pay, Inc. (Nevada) 

Elepreneurs
 Asia Limited (Hong Kong) 

Elepreneurs
 Asia Pte. Limited (Singapore) 

Partners
 Happy Pte. Limited (Singapore) 

The
 Happy Co. Korea Limited (South Korea) 

HAPI
 International Limited (Hong Kong) 

HAPI
 Group Limited (Hong Kong) 

HAPPY
 International DMCC (Dubai) 

Four
 Oceans Holdings, Inc (Nevada) 

Elenergy,
 LLC (Inactive) 

Elevacity
 Global Australia PTY LTD (Inactive) 

Elevacity
 Global Canada, ULC (Inactive) 

Elevacity
 Global NZ Limited (Inactive) 

Elevacity
 Limited (Inactive) 

Elepreneurs
 Canada, ULC (Inactive) 

Imagine
 University, LLC (Inactive) 

Legacy
 Direct Global LLC (Inactive) 

Total
 Travel Media, Inc. (Inactive) 

Note:
All entities shown above are direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
John Thatch, certify that: 

(1)
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sharing Services Global Corporation; 

(2)
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

(3)
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

(4)
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5)
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 23, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/
 John Thatch 

John
 Thatch 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Anthony S. Chan, certify that: 

(1)
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sharing Services Global Corporation; 

(2)
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

(3)
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

(4)
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5)
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 23, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/
 Anthony S. Chan 

Anthony
 S. Chan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sharing Services Global Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Thatch,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 John Thatch 

John
 Thatch 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: June 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sharing Services Global Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anthony
S. Chan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Anthony S. Chan 

Anthony
 S. Chan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Date: June 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 shrg-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 shrg-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 shrg-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 shrg-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

