<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1572386_0001493152-23-012221.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5697132</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>215391</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>816942</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2501141</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>880924</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1114750</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012221.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414090712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012221
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001572386
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				900893594
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55030
		FILM NUMBER:		23819916

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1521 NORTH COOPER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(561) 809-4644

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1521 NORTH COOPER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UMED HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130318

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012221.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __ to __ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported on the OTCQB Market operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. on that day was
 . 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 as of April 14, 2023 
 
 Common
 Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference : 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 12 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 14 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 36 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 39 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, all of which are
subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as expects, plans, 
 will, forecasts, projects, intends, estimates, and other words
of similar meaning. One can identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements
are likely to address our growth strategy and financial results. One must carefully consider any such statement and should understand
that many factors could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. These factors may include inaccurate assumptions
and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are not. No forward-looking statement
can be guaranteed, and actual future results may vary materially. 

Information
regarding market and industry statistics contained in this Form 10-K is included based on information available to us that we believe
is accurate. It is generally based on industry and other publications that are not produced for purposes of Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC filings or economic analysis. We have not reviewed or included data from all sources and cannot assure
investors of the accuracy or completeness of the data included in this Form 10-K. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained
from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market
size, revenue and market acceptance of our services. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. As a result,
investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

In
this Form 10-K, we, our, us, the Company, GWTI and similar terms
in this report, including references to UMED and Greenway all refer to Greenway Technologies, Inc., and our
wholly-owned subsidiary, Greenway Innovative Energy, Inc. GIE ), unless the context requires otherwise. 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 

Overview 

We
are engaged in the research and development of proprietary gas-to-liquids GTL synthesis gas Syngas conversion systems and micro-plants that can be scaled to meet specific gas field production requirements. Our patented and proprietary
technologies have been realized in our first commercial G-Reformer TM unit G-Reformer ), a unique component
used to convert natural gas into Syngas, which when combined with a Fischer-Tropsch FT reactor and catalyst, produces
fuels including gasoline, diesel, jet fuel and methanol. G-Reformer units can be deployed to process a variety of natural gas streams
including pipeline gas, associated gas, flared gas, vented gas, coal-bed methane and/or biomass gas. When derived from any of these natural
gas sources, the liquid fuels created are incrementally cleaner than conventionally produced oil-based fuels. Our Company s objective
is to become a material direct and licensed producer of renewable GTL synthesized diesel and jet fuels, with a near -term focus on U.S.
market opportunities. For more information about our Company, please visit our website located at https://gwtechinc.com/ . 

Our
GTL Technology 

In
August 2012, we acquired 100 of GIE, pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement, by and between us and GIE, dated August 29, 2012,
and filed as Exhibit 10.5 to this Form 10-K, and incorporated by reference herein (the GIE Acquisition Agreement ).
GIE owns patents and trade secrets for a proprietary technology to convert natural gas into Syngas. Based on a new, breakthrough process
called Fractional Thermal Oxidation FTO ), we believe that the G-Reformer, combined with conventional FT
processes, offers an economical and scalable method to converting natural gas to liquid fuel. On February 15, 2013, GIE filed for its
first patent on this GTL technology, resulting in the issue of U.S. Patent 8,574,501 B1 on November 5, 2013. On November 4, 2013, GIE
filed for a second patent covering other unique aspects of the design and was issued U.S. Patent 8,795,597 B2 on August 5, 2014. The
Company has several other pending patent applications, both domestic and international, related to various components and processes relating
to our proprietary GTL methods, complementing our existing portfolio of issued patents and pending patent applications. 

On
June 26, 2017, we and the University of Texas at Arlington UTA announced that we had successfully demonstrated
our GTL technology at our sponsored Conrad Greer Laboratory at UTA, proving the viability of the science behind the technology. 

On
March 6, 2018, we announced the completion of our first commercial scale G-Reformer, a critical component in what we call the Greer-Wright
GTL system. The G-Reformer is the critical component of the Company s innovative GTL system . A team consisting of individuals
from our Company, UTA and our Company s contracted G-Reformer manufacturer worked together to test and calibrate the newly built
G-Reformer unit. The testing substantiated the units Syngas generation capability and demonstrated additional proficiencies within
certain proprietary prior prescribed testing metrics. 

On
July 23, 2019, we announced that Mabert LLC, a Texas limited liability company Mabert ), 100 owned by Kevin Jones,
acquired INFRA Technology Group s U.S. GTL plant and technology located in Wharton, Texas (the Wharton Plan t ).
Mabert purchased the entire 5.2-acre site, plant and equipment, including INFRA s proprietary FT reactor system and operating license
agreement. 

On
August 29, 2019, to further facilitate the commercialization process, we announced that Greenway entered into a joint venture with OPM
Green Energy, LLC, a Texas limited liability company OPMGE ), for a 42.857 ownership interest in OPMGE. In exchange
for its 42.857 ownership of OPMGE, Greenway agreed to contribute a G-Reformer to the entity. The other members of OPMGE are Mabert,
which owns 42.857 and Tom Phillips, our former Vice President of Operations for GIE, who owns 14.286 . Additionally, OPMGE entered a
LEASE AGREEMENT with Mabert whereby OPMGE leased the Wharton Plant from Mabert. Our involvement in OPMGE was intended to facilitate third-party
certification of our G-Reformer and related equipment and technology. In addition, we anticipated that OPMGE s operations would
demonstrate that the G-Reformer is a commercially viable technology for producing Syngas and marketable fuel products. As the first operating
GTL plant to use our proprietary reforming technology and equipment, the Wharton Plant was initially expected to yield a minimum of 75
- 100 barrels per day of gasoline and diesel fuels from converted natural gas. 

Greenway
never transferred the G-Reformer to OPMGE, as required by the LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF OPM GREEN ENERGY, LLC. Accordingly,
it defaulted on its obligation under the agreement. Under the LEASE AGREEMENT between Mabert and OPMGE, OPMGE was required to pay rent
and to pay the following expenses relating to the operation of the Wharton Plant: 

Utilities 

Trash
 removal and lawn maintenance 

Taxes 

Insurance 

Maintenance,
 Repairs or Alterations 

The
lease stated that this transaction was a Triple Net Lease. 

If
OPMG did not pay rent or the other expenses outlined above, it represented Events of Default, which allowed Mabert the right to terminate
the lease. Based on the Events of Default that occurred, Mabert exercised its right to terminate the lease. 

On
April 28, 2020, the Company was issued a new U.S. Patent 10,633,594 B1 for syngas generation for gas-to-liquid fuel conversion. The Company
has several other pending patent applications, both domestic and international, related to various components and processes involving
our proprietary GTL methods, which when granted, will further complement our existing portfolio of issued patents and pending patent
applications. 

- 1 - 

On
December 8, 2020, the Company announced an exclusive worldwide patent licensing agreement with the University of Texas at Arlington (UTA)
for all patent applications currently filed with the Patent and Trademark Office relating to GWTI s natural gas reforming technologies
developed under its sponsored research agreement with UTA. 

On
December 15, 2020, the Company announced additional information regarding valuable outputs produced by the company s proprietary
G-Reformer catalyst reactor and Fischer-Tropsch (FT) technology which combine to form the Greer-Wright 
GTL solution. Originally developed to convert natural gas into ultra-clean synthetic fuel, recent research and development activity has
shown that the technology can also allow the extraction of high-value chemicals and alcohols. The chemical outputs include n-Hexane,
n-Heptane, n-Octane, n-Decane, n-Dodecane, and n-Tridecane. Alcohols produced include ethanol and methanol. The company has identified
worldwide industrial demand for these outputs which will significantly improve the economic return on investment (ROI) of GTL plants
that are based on GWTI s technology. GWTI is a development-stage company with plans to commercialize its unique and patented technology. 

Ultimately,
we believe that our proprietary G-Reformer is a major innovation in gas reforming and GTL technology in general. Initial tests have demonstrated
that our Company s solution appears to be superior to legacy technologies, which are more costly, have a larger footprint, and
cannot be easily deployed at field sites to process associated gas, stranded gas, coal-bed methane, vented gas, or flared gas. 

The
technology for the G-Reformer is unique, because it permits for transportable (mobile) GTL plants with much smaller footprints, compared
to legacy large-scale technologies. Thus, we believe that our technologies and processes will allow for multiple small-scale GTL plants
to be built with substantially lower up-front and ongoing costs, resulting in more profitable results for oil and gas operators. 

GTL
Industry Market 

GTL
converts natural gas the cleanest-burning fossil fuel into high-quality liquid products that would otherwise be made
from crude oil. These products include transport fuels, motor oils, and the ingredients for everyday necessities like plastics, detergents,
and cosmetics. GTL products are colorless, odorless, and contain almost none of the impurities, (e.g., sulphur, aromatics, and nitrogen)
that are found in crude oil. 

Our
Company has developed a revolutionary and unique process that converts natural gas of various origins and compositions into a highly
pure variety of chemicals, high cetane diesel fuel, industrial grade pure water and electrical energy. GTL technology has existed as
a traditional process going back generations. This process consists of two steps. First, natural gas is converted into Synthesis Gas
(Syngas) which is a non-naturally occurring blend of Hydrogen and Carbon Monoxide. The front-end part of the GTL process is called Gas
Reformation. The output of the Gas Reformer is compressed and fed through a secondary process, called Fischer-Tropsch (FT). This
secondary process is widely used in many forms in the chemical and oil industries. While FT is a common process, Gas Reformation has
been the most difficult step beyond an old and traditional process typically used in refineries. The invention of our software-controlled
GTL process fronted by our patented and revolutionary gas reformation unit, the G-Reformer , makes us the innovator in GTL technology.
Our patents are based on scalability, transportability, flexibility and self-sustainment based on a wide variety of input gasses and
output mixtures. 

The
Company s process is made of small sized modularly scalable units which are portable and self-contained unlike other GTL solutions
based on Steam Methane reformation. While many companies have tried to scale Steam Methane Reformation down for use in smaller, non-refinery-based GTL plants, they have been largely unsuccessful. As a result, we can build self-sufficient GTL plants at virtually any location
capable of supplying wellhead or pipeline gas of sufficient ongoing volume. This gives us the ability to eliminate flaring at the source
while keeping remote oil fields in production without flaring. The conversion of flaring gas to liquid allows trucks to easily move liquid
chemicals, clean diesel fuel, highly clean water and the power grid to move electricity from virtually any location. 

Our
initial ROI studies of the market for high purity chemicals we produce can provide incredibly rapid payback of investments. It should
be noted the vast majority of these chemicals produced are made in China. Further, because they originate from a barrel of oil at a refinery,
they are much lower in purity. 

- 2 - 

Products
created by the GTL process include High Cetane Diesel, Naphtha, Technical Grade Water, and high value, high purity chemicals. The chemicals
which would be produced in the GTL plant would be vital to many industries including pharmaceutical, cosmetics, fragrances, adhesives,
and others. The vast majority of these chemicals are produced in China. Such dependency makes America captive to shortfalls whether they
are manufacturing related or intentional. By making these chemicals in the USA, we reduce that dependency and keep the product, the jobs,
and the profits in America. 

Development
of stringent environmental regulations by numerous governments to control pollution and promote cleaner fuel sources is expected to complement
industry growth. For example, we believe that U.S. guidelines such as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board Act, 2006, Oilfields
(Regulation and Development) Act of 1948, and Oil Industry (Development) Act, 1974 are likely to continue to encourage GTL applications
in diverse end-use industries to conserve natural gas and other resources. Under the Clean Air Act (CAA), the EPA sets limits on certain
air pollutants, including setting limits on how much can be in the air anywhere in the United States. The Clean Air Act also gives EPA
the authority to limit emissions of air pollutants coming from sources like chemical plants, refineries, utilities, and steel mills.
Individual states or tribes may have stronger air pollution laws, but they may not have weaker pollution limits than those set by EPA.
Because our G-Reformer based GTL plants are not considered refineries, they do not fall under any related current EPA air quality guidelines.
More information can be found under the EPA s New Source Performance Standards which are published under 40 CFR 60. 

Competition 

Key
industry players include: Chevron Corporation; KBR Inc, PetroSA, Qatar Petroleum, Royal Dutch Shell; and Sasol Limited. In terms of global
production and consumption, Shell had the largest market share in 2021, with virtually all current production located overseas. Our technology
is not designed to compete with the large refinery-size GTL plants operated by such large industry operators. Our plants are designed
to be scaled to meet individual gas field production requirements on a distributed and mobile basis. According to a report released in
July 2019 by the Global Gas Flaring Reduction Partnership GGFRP ), there are currently only 5 small-scale GTL plant technologies
that have been proven and are now available for flared gas monetization available in the U.S., including: Greyrock Flare to Fuels 
Advantage Midstream (licensing Greyrock technology); EFT Flare Buster Primus GE and GasTechno Methanol in a
Box ). We were not a direct part of this study, as we had not received 3rd party certification of our proprietary technology as
of the date of this report. 

However,
the GGFRP report mentioned us as follows, Greenway Technologies announced on July 23, 2018 that Mabert LLC, a major investor in Greenway,
acquired the whole INFRA plant including an operating license agreement. The purpose of the acquisition is the incorporation and commercial
demonstration of Greenway s G-Reformer technology. We will see whether the new team will be able to make the plant
with the new reformer operational. (Globe Newswire, Fort Worth, Texas, Aug 31, 2019). 

Mining
Interests 

In
December 2010, UMED acquired the rights to approximately 1,440 acres of placer mining claims located on Bureau of Land Management BLM land in Mohave County, Arizona (such property, the Arizona Property ), in an Assignment Agreement dated December
27, 2010, and filed as Exhibit 10.31 to this Form 10-K, between Melek Mining, Inc., 4HM Partners, Inc. and the Company, in exchange for
5,066,000 shares of our common stock. Early indications from samples taken and processed by Melek Mining provided reason to believe that
the potential recovery value of the metals located on the Arizona Property could be significant, but only actual mining and processing
will determine the ultimate value that may be realized from this property holding. While we are not currently conducting mining operations,
we are exploring strategic options to partner or sell our interest in the Arizona Property, while we focus on our emerging GTL technology
sales and marketing efforts. 

Company
History 

We
were originally incorporated as Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation Dynalyst under the laws of the State of Texas
on March 13, 2002. In connection with the merger with Universal Media Corporation UMC ), a Nevada corporation, on
August 17, 2009, we changed our name to UMC. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger, and UMC was the acquiring company
on the basis that UMC s senior management became the entire senior management of the merged entity and there was a change of control
of Dynalyst. The transaction was accounted for as recapitalization of Dynalyst s capital structure. In connection with the merger,
Dynalyst issued 57,500,000 restricted equity securities to the shareholders of UMC in exchange for 100 of UMC. 

- 3 - 

On
March 23, 2011, Universal Media Corporation approved and filed with the Texas Secretary of State an amendment to our Certificate to change
our name to UMED Holdings, Inc. 

On
June 22, 2017, in recognition of our primary operational activity, we approved an amendment to our Certificate to change our name to
 Greenway Technologies Inc. We filed a certificate of amendment with the Texas Secretary of State to affect that name change
on June 23, 2017. 

On
June 26, 2019, we held our annual shareholders meeting in Arlington, Texas. There were seven proposals presented for vote by our shareholders
(the Shareholders ), including to approve the Company s slate of directors, to amend our Certificate, to amend
our bylaws, and to ratify our then current independent public accounting audit firm. We disclosed the results of the vote of the Shareholders
on our Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. On August 1, 2019, we
filed a Current Report on Form 8-K/A, noting that due to a potential tabulation error, we were reviewing the results for Proposal 2,
which was to amend our Company s Certificate to increase the authorized shares of capital stock of the Company and Proposal 3,
which was to amend the Company s Certificate to permit the vote of the holders of the majority of shares entitled to vote on and
represented in person or by proxy at a meeting of the Shareholders at which a quorum is present, to be the action of the Shareholders,
including for fundamental actions, as such term is defined by the Texas Business Organizations Code (the TBOC .. To resolve any such potential errors, we called a special meeting of the Shareholders to be held December 11, 2019, in Arlington, Texas. 

On
December 11, 2019, we held a special meeting of the Shareholders to approve four proposals. In connection with these four proposals,
we filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Texas, which is attached as Exhibit
3.9 to our Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
All four proposals passed overwhelmingly. For more information regarding these proposals, please see our Definitive Proxy Statement on
Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on November 19, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Employees 

As
of the filing date of this Form 10-K, we have two (2) full-time employees. Certain of these employees receive no compensation or compensation
is deferred on a periodic basis by mutual agreement. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider
our employee relations to be satisfactory. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements to this Form 10-K (our Financial Statements have been prepared on
a going concern basis, which contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
As of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 36,278,869. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss
of 1,512,692 and used 496,654 in net cash for operating activities. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is in
doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations or on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to
fund ongoing operations. While the Company is attempting to commence revenue generating operations and thereby generate sustainable revenues,
the Company s current cash position is not sufficient to support its ongoing daily operations and requires the Company to raise
addition capital through debt and/or equity sources. 

Accordingly,
our ability to continue as a going concern is therefore in doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations or on
our ability to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of public or
private offerings, or both. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to implement our business plan to generate revenues
will provide us the opportunity to continue as a going concern. 

While
we are attempting to commence operations and generate revenues, our cash position may not be enough to support our daily operations.
Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management believes that the actions presently being
taken to further implement our business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for us to continue as a going concern. While
management believes in the viability of our strategy to generate revenues and in our ability to raise additional funds, there can be
no assurances to that effect. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to further implement our business
plan and generate revenues. 

- 4 - 

Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors. 

Risks
Related to our Business and Operations 

We
may not be able to raise the additional capital necessary to execute our business strategy, which includes the production, sale and/or
licensing of our proprietary GTL technology solutions to oil and gas operators in the United States and elsewhere. 

Our
ability to successfully execute the production, sale, or licensing of our GTL technology may depend on our ability to raise additional
debt or equity capital. Our ability to raise additional capital is uncertain and dependent upon numerous factors beyond our control including,
but not limited to, general economic conditions, regulatory factors, reduced retail sales, increased taxation, reductions in consumer
confidence, changes in levels of consumer spending, changes in preferences in how consumers pay for goods and services, weak housing
markets and availability or lack of availability of credit. If we are unable to obtain additional capital, or if the terms thereof are
too costly, we may be unable to successfully execute our business strategy. 

Our
limited operating history may not serve as an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations. 

We
are a development-stage company and have a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. We have
yet to develop sufficient experience regarding actual revenues to be received from our GTL technology. You must consider the risks and
uncertainties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in new and evolving markets. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these
risks and uncertainties, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. The
risks and difficulties we face include challenges in accurate financial planning as a result of limited historical data and the uncertainties
resulting from a relatively limited period in which to implement and evaluate our business strategies as compared to older companies
with longer operating histories. 

We
have historically incurred losses. 

We
are considered a pre-revenue or development stage company. We have incurred significant operating losses since inception. Due to the
inherent risk of commercializing new technology, there can be no assurance that we will earn net income in the future. We will require
additional capital in order to fund our operations, which it may not be able to source on acceptable terms. 

Establishing
revenues and achieving profitability will depend on our ability to fully develop, certify and commercialize our GTL Technology, including
successfully marketing our GTL Technology to our customers and complying with possible regulations. 

Much
of our ability to establish revenues, achieve profitability and create positive cash flows from operations will depend on the completion
of third-party engineering certification and subsequent successful introduction of our proprietary GTL technology. Our prospective customers
will not use our GTL technology unless they determine that the economic benefits provided by our GTL solution is greater than those available
from competing technologies and providers. Even if the advantages derived from our proprietary GTL technology are well-established, prospective
customers may elect not to use our GTL technology. 

In
addition, as this is a new technology and GTL processing method, we may be required to undertake time-consuming and costly additional
development activities and seek regulatory clearance or approval for such new GTL technology. Such costs are not known by us as of the
date of this report. 

Lastly,
the completion of the development and commercialization of our GTL technology remains subject to all the risks associated with the commercialization
of any new GTL processing system with production based on innovative technologies, including unanticipated technical or other problems,
manufacturing difficulties, and the possible insufficiency of the funds allocated for the completion of such development. 

- 5 - 

We
may encounter substantial competition in our industry and a failure to compete effectively may adversely affect our ability to generate
revenue. 

We
expect that we will be required to continue to invest in product development and efficiency improvements to compete effectively in our
markets. Our competitors could potentially develop a similar or more efficient GTL product or undertake more aggressive and costly marketing
campaigns than ours, which may adversely affect our sales and marketing strategies and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. Important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include: 

current
 and future direct sales and marketing efforts by small and large competitors; 

rapid
 and effective development of new, unique GTL techniques; and 

new
 and aggressive pricing methodologies 

If
substantial competitors enter our targeted markets, such as licensing of smaller independent oil and gas operators or the creation of
blend stock for existing large refinery operations, we may be unable to compete successfully against such competition. Our potential
competitors may have greater human and financial resources than we do at any given time, and there is significant competition for experienced
personnel and financial capital in the oil and gas industry. Therefore, it can be difficult for smaller companies such as ours to attract
the personnel and related investment for our various business activities needed to succeed. We cannot give any assurances that we will
be able to successfully compete for such personnel and capital funds. Without adequate financial resources, our management cannot be
certain that we will be able to compete successfully in our operations. 

Although
the longevity of patents in the United States are limited in duration to 21 years, this should not affect the Company s long-term
ability to successfully monetize the intellectual property it owns. 

We own United States Patents Nos. 8,574,501 B1, originally issued November 5, 2013 and 8,795,597 B2, issued August
5, 2014, covering our GTL conversion technology for the purpose of converting natural gas to clean synthetic fuels in a small-plant and
mobile application. On April 28, 2020, the Company was issued a new U.S. Patent 10,633,594 B1 for syngas generation for gas-to-liquid
fuel conversion. The Company has several other pending patent applications, both domestic and international, related to various components
and processes involving our proprietary GTL methods, which when granted, will further complement our existing portfolio of issued patents
and pending patent applications. 

In
February 2021, the Company was issued Patent 10,907,104, the fourth patent relating to the company s proprietary G-Reformer 
technology which allows for the conversion of natural gas into synthesis gas. The newly issued patent extends the methods and details
of generating syngas using the apparatus described in a previously issued patent No. 10,633,594, the company s third patent. As
described in the patent, methane, oxygen, and steam are continuously injected into the combustion section of the apparatus to generate
carbon monoxide along with unreacted methane and steam. The carbon monoxide, unreacted methane, and steam then enter the catalyst chamber
where these components react to generate syngas. The pressure inside the reaction vessel is controlled at no higher than 5 psig. 

The
term of each patent under U.S. law is 21 years. Accordingly, each of these patents will expire in the years 2034, 2035 and 2041 respectively,
unless they are modified with improvements to the current art by us, in which case their useful lives may be extended.
There is no certainty that we will be able to make such improvements to our currently held patents, and they therefore may expire at
their respective terms. Alternatively, a patent s term may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed (litigated) over a
commonly owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor has an earlier expiration date. There is no certainty that we will be able
to successfully defend our patents if such claims are made, and they may expire prior to their respective terms. 

We
are currently dependent on one equipment fabricator, the loss of which could adversely impact our operations. 

We
contract our manufacturing production with a heavy equipment fabricator in Texas that has worked with us for several years and specializes
in the type of base refractory equipment we use in our proprietary G-Reformer based GTL processes. Accordingly, they have developed certain
manufacturing expertise specifically related to our equipment which may be hard to replicate with a new manufacturer if they go out-of-business
or end manufacturing for us for any reason. While there are similar manufacturers elsewhere in the United States and overseas, they will
take an unknown additional amount of time to gain the expertise necessary to produce our proprietary refractory equipment or may not
be able to gain such expertise at all, limiting our production and related revenue capability. 

- 6 - 

We
are dependent on a limited number of key executives, consultants, the loss of any of which could negatively impact our business. 

Our
business is led by our Chairman of the Board of Directors, Raymond Wright, President, Kent Harer, and our Chief Financial Officer,
Ransom Jones, both of whom are also members of our board of directors (our Board of Directors ). We use outside
consultants to support and perform the majority of the engineering and production work on our GTL technology. We have also
contracted with consultants to provide financial reporting and governance support. 

If
one or more of these senior executives, officers, or consultants are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may
not be able to replace them easily or at all, and our business may be disrupted, along with our financial condition, such that our results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if the competition for senior management and senior officers in
our industry is intense, the pool of qualified candidates is limited, and we may not be able to retain the services of our senior executives,
key personnel, or consultants or attract and retain high-quality personnel in the future. Such failure could materially and adversely
affect our future growth and financial condition, and the loss of one or more of these key personnel could negatively impact our business
and operations. 

If
our research and development agreements with UTA are terminated, we may lose access to certain of the scientists that were instrumental
in developing our technology. 

In
order to safeguard against this possibility, on December 8, 2020, the Company announced an exclusive worldwide patent licensing agreement
with the University of Texas at Arlington (UTA) for all patent applications currently filed with the Patent and Trademark Office relating
to GWTI s natural gas reforming technologies developed under its sponsored research agreement with UTA. 

To
support our engineering efforts, we also continued our ongoing confidential Sponsored Research Agreement SRA with UTA
which began in October 2009 and has continued in various forms through today, adding confidential Scope of Work addendums over this period
to develop and enhance our patented GTL system with the goal of developing commercial GTL plants to convert natural gas into liquid fuels.
We use UTA as an external research and development arm for the Company. If we or UTA were to terminate our relationship for some extenuating
circumstances, we might lose access to the scientists most familiar with our unique technology. There is no assurance that we would be
able to continue to improve on the technology we have developed thus far, potentially slowing down our future commercialization and financing
efforts. 

Our
quarterly results may fluctuate substantially and if we fail to meet the expectations of our investors or analysts, our stock price could
decline substantially. 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the
trading price of our Common Stock could decline. Some of the important factors that could cause our revenue and operating results to
fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 

our
 limited operating history; 

the
 limited scope of our sales and marketing efforts; 

our
 ability to attract new customers, satisfy our customers requirements, and retain customers; 

general
 economic conditions; 

changes
 in our pricing capabilities; 

our
 ability to expand our business and operations by staying current with the evolving requirements of our target market; 

the
 effectiveness of our key personnel; 

our
 ability to protect our proprietary GTL Technology; 

new
 and enhanced products by us and our competitors; 

unanticipated
 delays or cost increases with respect to research and development; and 

extraordinary
 expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments. 

- 7 - 

We
may have difficulty in attracting and retaining outside independent directors to our Board of Directors as a result of their concerns
relating to potentially increased personal exposure to lawsuits and shareholder claims by virtue of holding those positions. 

The
directors and management of companies are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure to lawsuits and
shareholder claims, as well as governmental and creditor claims that may be made against them, particularly in view of recent
changes in securities laws imposing additional duties, obligations, and liabilities on management and directors. Due to these
perceived risks, directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors and
officers liability insurance to timely pay the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently do not carry
directors and officers liability insurance, since directors and officers liability insurance has recently
become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to continue or provide liability insurance at affordable rates
or at all, it may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside directors to serve on our board of
directors. 

We
may lose potential independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors and officers 
liability insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater funding to date which can
offer more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their increased duties, obligations
and liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with limited operating history and resources, we will have
a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent directors than a more established company due to these
enhanced duties, obligations and liabilities. 

Our
future success relies upon our proprietary GTL Technology. We may not have the resources to enforce our proprietary rights through litigation
or otherwise. The loss of exclusive right to our GTL Technology could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
believe that our GTL technology does not infringe upon the valid intellectual property rights of others. Even so, third parties may still
assert infringement claims against us. If infringement claims are brought against us, we may not have the financial resources to defend
against such claims or prevent an adverse judgment against us. In the event of an unfavorable ruling on any such claim, a license or
similar agreement to utilize the intellectual property rights related to the GTL technology in question, which we rely on in the conduct
of our business, may not be available to us on reasonable terms if terms are offered at all. 

Our
ability to obtain field-related operating hazards insurance may be constrained by our limited operational history. 

The
oil and natural gas business involves a variety of operating risks, including the risk of fire, explosions, blow-outs, pipe failure,
abnormally-pressured formations, and environmental hazards such as oil spills, natural gas leaks, ruptures or discharges of toxic gases.
If any of these events should occur at our joint venture plant location, or at any future customer sites (none exist today), we could
incur legal defense costs and could suffer substantial losses due to injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property,
natural resources and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, clean-up responsibilities, regulatory investigation and penalties,
and suspension of operations. Such inability to defend ourselves or suffer catastrophic financial losses could cause us to cease operations
and/or declare bankruptcy. 

Our
GTL Technology is subject to the changing of applicable U.S. laws and regulations. 

Our
business is particularly subject to federal and state laws and regulations with respect to the oil and gas and mining industries. Our
success depends in part on our ability to anticipate, navigate and respond to any changes that might occur. Due to our currently limited
financial resources, we might not be able to respond to unanticipated changes, should they occur and impact our operations, and therefore
have to cease operations. 

- 8 - 

Acts
of terrorism, responses to acts of terrorism and acts of war may impact our business and our ability to raise capital. 

Future
acts of war or terrorism, national or international responses to such acts, and measures taken to prevent such acts may harm our ability
to raise capital or our ability to operate, especially to the extent we depend upon activities conducted in foreign countries. In addition,
the threat of future terrorist acts or acts of war may have effects on the general economy or on our business that are difficult to predict.
We are not insured against damage or interruption of our business caused by terrorist acts or acts of war, and thus, our financial operations
may be materially impacted by such events. 

The
massive and currently unknown short- and long-term economic impacts of COVID-19 may impact our business and ability to raise capital. 

COVID-19
and its current extraordinary impact on the world economy has reduced oil consumption globally, decreasing crude oil prices, to levels
not seen since the early 1980 s. The economics of GTL conversion rely in part on the arbitrage between oil and natural gas prices,
with economic models for many producers, including our own models, using a range of 30-60/bbl (for WTI or Brent Crude as listed daily
on the Nymex and ICE commodities exchanges) to determine relative profitability of their GTL operations. While to date the Company has
not been required to stop operating, management is evaluating its use of its office space, virtual meetings and the like. The Company
continues to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak closely. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak will impact our operations,
and/or ability to obtain financing or future financial results is uncertain. 

We
may fail to establish and maintain strategic relationships. 

We
believe that establishing strategic industry partnerships and natural gas producer customer relationships will greatly benefit the growth
of our business and the deployment of our GTL technology. To further such relationships, we have and will continue to seek out and enter
into strategic alliances, joint ventures, and similar production relationships, including similar to those announced during the 2019
with INFRA Technologies, OPMGE and the ongoing relationship with UTA. Our affiliation with OPMGE was terminated. We continue to seek
out and have discussions with potential gas producer on both a customer and financing basis. However, we may not be able to maintain
our current or enter into new strategic partnerships on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and may not be able to create financial
or customer relationships with natural gas producers. Even if we enter new natural gas producer relationships, such financial partners
and/or customers may not have sufficient production of location based natural gas to provide profitable revenues or otherwise prove advantageous
to our business. Our inability to enter into such new relationships or strategic alliances could have a material and adverse effect on
our business. 

Risks
Relating to Our Mining Properties 

There
is very limited risk, financial or otherwise, related to our mining leases and interests at this time. 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

We
may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business may fail, or our operating results and
our share price may be materially adversely affected. 

Because
we have no record of profitable operations, we need to secure adequate funding on an ongoing basis. If we are unable to obtain adequate
funding, we may not be able to successfully develop and market our GTL technology and our business will likely fail. We have limited
commitments for financing. To secure additional financing, we may need to borrow money or sell more securities, which may reduce the
value of our outstanding securities. We may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. 

Selling
additional shares of Common Stock, either privately or publicly, would dilute the equity interests of our Shareholders. If we borrow
money, we will have to pay interest and may also have to agree to restrictions that limit our operating flexibility. If we are unable
to obtain adequate financing, we may have to curtail business operations, which would have a material negative effect on operating results
and most likely result in a lower price per share of Common Stock. 

- 9 - 

Issuance
of additional Common Stock in exchange for services or to repay debt would dilute Shareholders proportionate ownership and voting
rights and could have a negative impact on the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our
Board of Directors has previously and may continue to issue shares of our Common Stock to pay for debt or services rendered, without
further approval by our Shareholders, based upon such factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant in its sole discretion. It
is likely that that we will issue additional securities to pay for services and reduce debt in the future. Such issuances may lower the
market price of our stock and decrease our ability to raise additional equity funding for working or investment capital as may be needed
at a later time. 

Even
though our shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, an investor s shares may not be free-trading and investors
may be unable to sell their shares of Common Stock at or above their purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to the investor. 

Investors
should understand that their shares of our Common Stock are not free-trading merely because we are a publicly traded company.
Shares bought from the Company or received for services rendered or in conjunction with the issuance of debt require different holding
periods, thereby creating a potential lack of liquidity and inability to sell such shares timely for any investor. In order for our shares
of Common Stock to become free-trading, the offer and sale of shares of our Common Stock must either be registered pursuant
to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or be entitled to
an exemption from registration under federal and state securities laws, after being held for statutory mandated periods. 

In
addition, an investor has no assurance that our stock price will rise after purchase or receipt in any manner, as our stock has shown
significant volatility over the life of the Company. The following factors may add to the volatility in the price of our Common Stock
in the future: (i) actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly or annual operating results; (ii) government regulations; (iii)
announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures; (iv) our capital commitments; (v) additional dilutive
stock issuances, and (vi) additions or departures of key personnel. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the
market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the
prevailing market price for our Common Stock will be at any time, including as to whether our Common Stock will sustain the current market
price, or as to what effect the sale of shares of Common Stock or the availability of shares of Common Stock for sale at any time will
have on the prevailing market price. 

If
we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCQB marketplace, operated by the OTC Markets
Group, Inc. (the OTCMG ), which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of Shareholders
to easily sell their securities in the secondary market. 

Companies
trading on the OTCQB must: (i) be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act (ii) must be current in their reports under Section 13 of the Exchange Act; and must pay an annual fee to OTCQB, to
maintain electronic price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we fail to remain current in our Exchange Act reporting requirements,
we could be removed from the OTCQB and be forced to be traded on the Pink Sheets, which requires a more challenging stock purchase process.
The OTCQB is recognized by the SEC as an established public market. This platform enables companies to provide current public information
that investors use to analyze, value and trade a security. The OTC Pink Sheets is the lowest and most speculative tier of the three marketplaces
for the trading of over-the-counter stocks. Companies traded on OTC Pink are not held to any particular disclosure requirements or financial
standards, and due to the wide variety of companies listed on OTC Pink, including dark companies, delinquent companies and worse, they
recommend only sophisticated investors with a high risk tolerance should consider it. 

Pink
Sheet shares generally trade thinly and infrequently making it hard to buy or sell when the investor wants to complete a transaction.
In addition, trading in OTC Pink Sheet companies requires more paperwork because due the speculative nature of such stocks, the U.S.
Congress prohibited broker-dealers from effecting transactions in penny stocks unless they comply with the requirements of Section 15(h)
of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. 

- 10 - 

These
SEC rules provide, among other things, that a broker-dealer must: (i) approve the customer for the specific penny stock transaction and
receive from the customer a written agreement to the transaction; (ii) furnish the customer a disclosure document describing the risks
of investing in penny stocks; (iii) disclose to the customer the current market quotation, if any, for the penny stock; and (iv) disclose
to the customer the amount of compensation the firm and its broker will receive for the trade. In addition, after executing the sale,
a broker-dealer must send to its customer monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. With the added inconvenience and cost for brokers, various large brokerage firms, including Merrill Lynch, Capital One, Fidelity,
E-Trade and even the new Robinhood, among others, have simply stopped providing brokerage services for Pink Sheet stocks for new customers.
Accordingly, the market for our common stock would be significantly diminished if we were forced to trade on the OTC Pink Sheets market
exchange. 

Volatility
in the share price for our Common Stock may subject us to securities litigation. 

There
is a limited market for the sale of shares of our Common Stock. The market for our Common Stock is characterized by significant price
volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our Common Stock share prices will be more volatile than a seasoned
issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following
periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. In the future, we may be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation
could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and resources away from our daily operations,
negatively impacting our financial results. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on shares of our Common Stock. 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on shares of our Common Stock since our inception, and we do not anticipate that we will pay any cash
dividends in the near future. Earnings, if any, that we may realize will be retained in the business for further development and
expansion. Furthermore, our ability to pay dividends may be restricted under our debt agreements. 

Our
substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. 

We
have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which requires significant interest payments. As of December 31, 2022, we had 10,765,118 of
total accrued current liabilities and 3,664,941 of current debt (net of debt discounts totaling 1,991, which were fully amortized as of December 31, 2022), with interest rates ranging from 4.5 - 18 , some of our debt contains
default interest rates at 18 when any such loans are not current. For more details on our indebtedness,
please see Notes 3,4 and 5 of our Financial Statements. 

Our
substantial level of indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following: 

We
 must use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay interest, which reduces funds available to use for other purposes,
 such as working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes; 

Our
 ability to refinance such indebtedness or to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 or general corporate purposes may be impacted; and 

Our
 leverage may be greater than that of some of our competitors, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage and reduce our flexibility
 in responding to current and changing industry and financial market conditions. 

Our
ability to meet expenses and to make future principal and interest payments in respect of our debt, depends on, among other things, our
future operating performance, competitive developments and financial market conditions. We are not able to control many of these factors.
If industry and economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to raise debt or equity capital and/or cash flow may be insufficient to
allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations, which could cause us to default on these obligations.
In particular, the Mabert loans maintain a UCC-1 security interest in all of the collateral of the Company, including to our G-Reformer,
technology and intellectual property (our patents, patents pending and licensed patents). If Mabert exercises its rights and remedies
due to defaults under our secured loan agreements, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially adversely
affected. 

- 11 - 

The
market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. 

Stockholders
should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of
fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

Control
 of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

Manipulation
 of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

Boiler
 room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; 

Excessive
 and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

The
 wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along
 with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequential investor losses. 

Management
is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate
the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the penny stock market, the Company s management will strive
to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities, as the occurrence of these patterns or practices
could increase the volatility of the price per share of our Common Stock and/or diminish stockholders ability to trade our Common Stock. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse
effect on our business and stock price. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to evaluate annually the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as
of the end of each fiscal year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting in our annual report. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we may not be able to ensure that we can
conclude, on an ongoing basis, that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

While
we continue to dedicate resources and management time to ensuring that we have effective controls over financial reporting, failure to
achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on the market s perception
of our business and the price of our Common Stock. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

The
Company received a letter dated November 15, 2021, from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC asking for the Company
for comments on disclosures made in the Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 and in the Form 10-Q for the Period Ended June
30, 2021. The inquiry pertained to disclosures under Items 307 and 308 of Regulation S-K. Item 307 of Regulation S-K addresses Disclosure
Controls and Procedures and Item 308 of Regulation S-K addresses Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The
Company responded to the inquiry. In a letter to the Company from the Securities and Exchange Commission dated February 2, 2022, the
SEC stated, We have completed our review of your filings. This action closed the matter. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 

Our
principal office is 1521 North Cooper St., Suite 205, Arlington, Texas 76011, leased at a rate of 985 per month, plus the cost of utilities,
which is generally less than 100.00 per month. We believe these facilities are adequate for at least the next 12 months. We expect that
we could locate to other suitable facilities at comparable rates, should we need more or less space. 

We
have unpatented mining claims for the Arizona Property. An unpatented mining claim is one that is still owned by the federal government,
but which the claimant has a right to possession to extracted minerals, provided the land is open to mineral entry. A description of
the Arizona Property is included in Item 1. Business and is incorporated herein by reference. We believe that we have satisfactory
title to the Arizona Property, subject to liens for taxes not yet payable, liens incident to minor encumbrances, liens for credit arrangements
and easements and restrictions that do not materially detract from the value of these properties, our interests in these properties,
or the use of these properties in a business. We believe that the Arizona Property is adequate and suitable for the conduct of a mining
business, should we decide to proceed with such operations in the future. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

On
September 7, 2021, the Company was served with a demand for mediation and potential arbitration by Gregory Sanders, a previous employee
of the Company. The demand claims Mr. Sanders had an employment agreement with the Company entitling him to certain compensation payments
under the contract. No conclusion was met during mediation which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2021. The litigation is ongoing and
is scheduled for trial in May 2023. Greenway is confident in its defenses and counterclaims and intends to vigorously defend its interests
and prosecute its claims. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

- 12 - 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Shares
of our Common Stock are quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol GWTI. The table below sets forth the high and low bid prices
for our common stock on the OTCQB as reported by various market makers. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
mark-down or commission, and may not reflect actual transactions. 

Fiscal 2022 Quarter Ended: 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.03 
 0.01 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.02 
 0.01 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.01 
 0.01 

Fiscal 2021 Quarter Ended: 

March 31, 2021 
 0.09 
 0.01 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.07 
 0.02 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.07 
 0.04 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.05 
 0.01 

As
of April 14, 2023, we had 392,944,204 shares of Common Stock outstanding. Our shares of Common Stock are held by 548 Shareholders of
record. The number of Shareholders of record was determined from the records of our transfer agent, Transfer Online, Inc. (our Transfer
Agent ), and does not include beneficial owners of our Common Stock whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers,
dealers, and registered clearing agencies. The mailing address our Transfer Agent is 512 SE Salmon Street, 2nd Floor, Portland, Oregon
97214, and its telephone number is (503) 227-2950. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid or declared any dividends on our Common Stock, nor do we anticipate paying any cash dividends or other distributions on
our Common Stock in the near future. Any future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will
depend, among other things, on (i) our earnings, if any, (ii) our financial requirements for future operations and growth, and (iii)
other facts as our Board of Directors may then deem appropriate. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 27,550,037 shares of the Company s common stock as follows: 

Stock
issued as debt issued costs - 302,038 

 Stock
issued for cash (PPM) 20,667,999 

 Stock
issued to settle accrued liabilities 6,200,000 

 Stock
issued for services 380,000 

We
relied upon the safe harbor found in Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act Regulation D and the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Each investor took such investor s shares of Common
Stock for investment purposes, without a view to distribution and had access to information concerning us and our business prospects,
as required by the Securities Act. In addition, there was no general solicitation or advertising for the offer and sale of our Common
Stock. We sold our shares of Common Stock to only accredited investors as defined in Section 501(a) of Regulation D, with
whom we had a direct personal, preexisting relationship, and after we had a thorough discussion with each accredited investor. Each certificate
representing shares of our Common Stock contains a restrictive legend as required by the Securities Act. Finally, we have instructed
our Transfer Agent not to transfer any restricted shares of our Common Stock, unless the offer and sale of such shares of Common Stock
is registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or is exempt from registration under federal and
state securities laws. 

- 13 - 

All
of the above-described accredited investors who received shares of our Common Stock were provided with access to our filings with the
SEC, including the following: information: (i) contained in our annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022; and (ii) contained in any reports or documents required to be filed by us under Sections 13(a), 14(a), 14(c),
and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, since the distribution or filing of the reports specified above. In addition, such investors received
a description of securities being offered for sale, and any material changes to our affairs that were not disclosed in the other documents
furnished. 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data. 

We
are a smaller reporting company; as a result, we are not required to report selected financial data disclosures as required by Item 301
of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act Regulation S-K ). 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and the notes to those Financial Statements that are included elsewhere
in this Form 10-K and were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements
based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual
results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a
number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors, Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements and Description of Business sections and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We use words such as anticipate, 
 estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, 
 believe, intend, may, will, should, could, predict, 
and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations expressed in these forward-looking
statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business, our actual results could differ materially
from those discussed in these statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason
even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 

In
the below discussion, we, our, us, the Company and similar terms in this report,
as well as references to UMED and Greenway all refer to Greenway Technologies, Inc., and our wholly-owned
subsidiary, Greenway Innovative Energy, Inc., unless the context requires otherwise. 

Greenway
Technologies, Inc. is engaged in the research and development of proprietary gas-to-liquids syngas conversion systems and micro-plants
that can be scaled to meet specific gas field production requirements. The company s patented and proprietary technologies have
been realized in its first commercial G-Reformer unit, a unique component used to convert natural gas into synthesis gas, which when
combined with a Fischer-Tropsch reactor and catalyst, produces fuels including gasoline, diesel, jet fuel and methanol. G-Reformer units
can be deployed to process a variety of natural gas streams including pipeline gas, associated gas, flared gas, vented gas, coal-bed
methane and/or biomass gas. When derived from any of these natural gas sources, the liquid fuels created are incrementally cleaner than
conventionally produced oil-based fuels. Greenway s objective is to become a material direct and licensed producer of renewable
GTL synthesized diesel and jet fuels, with a near term focus on U.S. market opportunities. 

The
Company believes that its proprietary G-Reformer is a major innovation in gas reforming and GTL technology in general. Initial tests
have demonstrated that the Company s solution appears to be superior to legacy technologies which are more costly, have a larger
footprint and cannot be easily deployed at field sites to process associated gas, stranded gas, coal-bed methane, vented gas, or flared
gas - all markets the Company seeks to service. 

On
April 28, 2020, the Company was issued a new U.S. Patent 10,633,594 B1 for syngas generation for gas-to-liquid fuel conversion. The Company
has several other pending patent applications, both domestic and international, related to various components and processes involving
our proprietary GTL methods, which when granted, will further complement our existing portfolio of issued patents and pending patent
applications. 

On
December 8, 2020, the Company announced an exclusive worldwide patent licensing agreement with the University of Texas at Arlington (UTA)
for all patent applications currently filed with the Patent and Trademark Office relating to GWTI s natural gas reforming technologies
developed under its sponsored research agreement with UTA. 

- 14 - 

On
December 15, 2020, the Company announced additional information regarding valuable outputs produced by the company s proprietary
G-Reformer catalyst reactor and Fischer-Tropsch (FT) technology which combine to form the Greer-Wright GTL solution.
Originally developed to convert natural gas into ultra-clean synthetic fuel, recent research and development activity has shown that
the technology can also allow the extraction of high-value chemicals and alcohols. The chemical outputs include n-Hexane, n-Heptane,
n-Octane, n-Decane, n-Dodecane, and n-Tridecane. Alcohols produced include ethanol and methanol. The company has identified worldwide
industrial demand for these outputs which will significantly improve the economic return on investment (ROI) of GTL plants that are based
on GWTI s technology. GWTI is a development-stage company with plans to continue its unique and patented technology. 

In
February 2021, the Company was issued Patent 10,907,104, the fourth patent relating to the company s proprietary G-Reformer 
technology which allows for the conversion of natural gas into synthesis gas. The newly issued patent extends the methods and details
of generating syngas using the apparatus described in a previously issued patent No. 10,633,594, the company s third patent. As
described in the patent, methane, oxygen, and steam are continuously injected into the combustion section of the apparatus to generate
carbon monoxide along with unreacted methane and steam. The carbon monoxide, unreacted methane, and steam then enter the catalyst chamber
where these components react to generate syngas. The pressure inside the reaction vessel is controlled at no higher than 5 psig. 

Further,
the Company believes its technologies and processes will allow for multiple small-scale GTL plants to be built with substantially lower
up-front and ongoing costs resulting in more profitable results for O G operators. In addition, the proprietary technology based
around the G-Reformer is unique in that it also allows for transportable (mobile) GTL plants with a much smaller footprint as compared
to legacy large-scale technologies. Greenway is in discussions with a number of oil and gas operators and other interested parties to
license and obtain joint venture or other forms of capital funding to build its first third-party customer gas-to-liquid plant. 

Mining
Interest 

In
December 2010, UMED acquired the rights to approximately 1,440 acres of placer mining claims located on Bureau of Land Management BLM land in Mohave County, Arizona for 5,066,000 shares of restricted Common A stock. Early indications, from samples taken and processed,
provided reason to believe that the potential recovery value of the metals located on the 1,440 acres is significant, but only actual
mining and processing will determine the ultimate value which may be realized from this property holding. The Company is currently exploring
strategic options to partner or sell its interest in this acreage, while it focuses on its emerging GTL technology sales and marketing
efforts. 

Going
Concern 

We
remain dependent on outside sources of funding (debt and/or equity) for continuation of our operations. Our independent registered
public accounting firm issued a going concern qualification in their report dated April 14, 2023, which is included with our
consolidated Financial Statements and raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 

Net loss 
 1,512,692 
 1,744,376 
 (231,684 
 -13.28 
 1 
 
 Net cash used in operations 
 496,654 
 791,906 
 (295,252 
 -37.28 
 2 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 10,737,576 
 9,886,820 
 850,756 
 8.60 
 3 
 
 Stockholders deficit 
 10,737,576 
 9,886,820 
 850,756 
 8.60 
 4 

1
 Our net loss decreased primarily due to recording a gain on debt settlement of 70,377 and decreases in our operating expenses
of 178,027, (both general and administrative expenses and research and development), from 1,120,901 to 942,874. 

2
 Our net cash used in operations in 2022 was less than 2021. The change was primarily due to the recognition of a gain on
debt settlement of 70,377 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 165,877. 

3
 The increase in working capital deficit from 2021 to 2022 primarily relates to less cash in 2022 of 35,954, higher accounts
payable and accrued expenses of 101,283, higher accounts payable and accrued expenses related party of 707,914. 

4
 The increase from 2021 to 2022 is based upon the current year net loss. 

These
factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Financial Statements included in our Form 10-K do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence. Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient new cash flows to meet our obligations on
a timely basis, to obtain additional financing as may be required, and/or ultimately to attain profitable operations. However, there
is no assurance that profitable operations, financing, or sufficient new cash flows will occur in the future. 

- 15 - 

Our
ability to achieve profitability will depend upon our ability to finance, manufacture, and market/operate GTL units. Our growth is dependent
on attaining profit from our operations and our raising additional capital either through the sale of our Common Stock or borrowing.
There is no assurance that we will be able to raise any equity financing or sell any of our products at a profit. We will be unable to
pay our obligations in the normal course of business or service our debt in a timely manner throughout 2023 without raising additional
debt or equity capital. There can be no assurance that we will raise additional debt or equity capital. 

We
are currently evaluating strategic alternatives that include (i) raising new equity capital and/or (ii) issuing additional debt instruments.
The process is ongoing, lengthy and has inherent costs. There can be no assurance that the exploration of these strategic alternatives
will result in any specific action to alleviate our 12-month working capital needs or result in any other transaction. 

While
we are attempting to commence operations and generate revenues, our cash position may not be significant enough to support our daily
operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of an offering of our securities. Management believes that the actions
presently being taken to further implement our business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for us to continue as a going
concern. While we believe in the viability of our strategy to generate revenues and in our ability to raise additional funds, we may
not be successful. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our capability to further implement our business plan
and generate revenues. 

Results
of Operations 

For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 as Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

We
had no revenues for consolidated operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We
reported consolidated net losses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 1,512,692 and 1,744,376, respectively. 

The
following table summarizes consolidated operating expenses and other income and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 

Revenues 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.00 

General and administrative expenses 
 888,599 
 962,901 
 (74,302 
 -7.72 
 1 
 
 Research and development 
 54,275 
 158,000 
 (103,725 
 -65.65 
 2 
 
 Interest expense 
 591,963 
 588,273 
 3,690 
 0.63 
 3 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 48,232 
 35,202 
 13,030 
 37.01 
 4 
 
 Gain on debt settlement 
 (70,377 
 - 
 (70,377 
 0.00 
 5 

Total
operating expenses decreased by 178,027 from 1,120,901 in 2021 to 942,874 in 2022. 

1
 The decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 59,726 in consulting fees and a decrease of 52,507 in salaries. The Company
also had increases related to legal and professional fees of 19,358. 

 2
 The decrease was related to less activity in 2022 due to lack of sufficient resources and inability to pursue additional R D related activities. 

 3
 The increase is based on higher outstanding debt balances throughout the year. 

 4 Amortization of discounts on debt instruments that were
executed at various times throughout the current period. 

5
 The Company settled a legal matter in 2022. 

Net
Loss and Net Loss per Share 

Our
consolidated net loss decreased by 231,684 to 1,512,692 0.00) - basic and diluted earnings share for the year ended December 31,
2022, as compared to a net loss of 1,744,376 0.01), for the same period ended 2021. 

The
weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock used in the earnings per share for the basic and dilutive computation was 371,601,679
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 342,400,231 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

- 16 - 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
do not currently have sufficient working capital to fund our expected future operations. We cannot assure investors that we will be able
to continue our operations without securing additional adequate funding. We had 24,595 in cash, total assets of 27,542, and total liabilities
of 10,765,118 as of December 31, 2022. Total accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022, was 36,278,869). 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet all of its financial obligations. The following table provides
certain selected balance sheet comparisons between December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 

Cash 
 24,595 
 60,549 
 (35,954 
 -59.38 
 1 
 
 Prepaids and other 
 2,947 
 56 
 2,891 
 5162.50 
 2 
 
 Total current assets 
 27,542 
 60,605 
 (33,063 
 -54.55 
 3 
 
 Total assets 
 27,542 
 60,605 
 (33,063 
 -54.55 
 3 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 3,317,225 
 3,215,942 
 101,283 
 3.15 
 4 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 
 3,799,452 
 3,091,538 
 707,914 
 22.90 
 4 
 
 Note payable 
 672,500 
 660,000 
 12,500 
 1.89 
 5 
 
 Notes payable - related parties - net 
 2,805,774 
 2,745,264 
 60,510 
 2.20 
 5 
 
 Convertible note payable - net 
 166,667 
 166,667 
 - 
 0.00 
 5 
 
 Advances - related parties 
 3,500 
 68,014 
 (64,514 
 -94.85 
 6 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 10,765,118 
 9,947,425 
 817,693 
 8.22 
 7 
 
 Total liabilities 
 10,765,118 
 9,947,425 
 817,693 
 8.22 
 7 

1
 - Cash decreased in 2022 due to payment of accounts payable and less capital raised to sustain operations as compared to prior period. 

 2
 - Insignificant change. 

 3
 - See discussion regarding cash resources in #1 above. 

 4
 Lack of cash resources resulted in an increase in these liabilities. 

 5
 Increase in 2022 related to proceeds of 30,000 offset by repayments of 55,000. 

 6
 - In 2022, there was a conversion of stockholder advances totaling 51,769 to notes payable related parties. 

 7
 See discussions in 4, 5 and 6. 

- 17 - 

To
increase our working capital, we have considered completing additional private stock sales and entering into new debt instruments. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we received advances of 3,500 from related parties and 30,000 in proceeds from the issuance of debt. 

Cash
Flows 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 496,654 
 791,906 
 (295,252 
 -37.28 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.00 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 460,700 
 850,827 
 (390,127 
 -45.85 

Operating
Activities 

Our
net cash used in operations in 2022 was less than 2021. The change was primarily due to the recognition of a gain on debt settlement
of 70,377, an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 326,660 and accounts payable and accrued expenses related parties
of 707,914. 

Investing
activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0. 

F inancing
Activities 

In
2022, the Company had net cash provided by financing activities of 460,700, consisting of the following: 

Proceeds
from advances related parties - 3,500 

 Proceeds
from issuance of note payable - 30,000 

 Repayments
on notes payable - 55,000 

 Proceeds
from stock issued for cash - 482,200 

Our
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Our general business strategy is to first develop our GTL
technology to maintain our basic viability, while seeking significant development capital for full commercialization. 

As
shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we have incurred an accumulated deficit of 36,278,869 and 34,766,177
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is in doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on our ability to
obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. 

Commitments 

Capital
Expenditures - none 

Operational
Expenditures 

Employment
Agreements 

In
August 2012, we entered into an employment agreement with Raymond Wright, for the position of president of GIE, for a term of five years
with compensation of 90,000 per year. In September 2014, Mr. Wright s employment agreement was amended to increase his annual
pay to 180,000. By its terms, Mr. Wright s employment agreement automatically renewed on August 12, 2020, 2021, and 2022 for a
successive one-year periods. During the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, we paid and/or accrued a total of 180,000 for this calendar
year under the terms of the agreement. Mr. Wright is also the chairman of our Board of Directors. 

- 18 - 

Effective
May 10, 2018, we entered into identical employment agreements with John Olynick, as President, and Ransom Jones, as Chief Financial Officer,
respectively. The terms and conditions of their employment agreements were identical. John Olynick elected not to renew his employment
agreement and resigned as President on July 19, 2019. Ransom Jones, as Chief Financial Officer, earns a salary of 120,000 per year.
Mr. Jones also serves as the Company s Secretary and Treasurer. During each year that Mr. Jones agreement is in effect,
he is entitled to receive a bonus Bonus equal to at least Thirty-Five Thousand Dollars 35,000) per year, such amount
having been accrued for the period ended December 31, 2022. Both Mr. Olynick and Mr. Jones received a grant of common stock (the Stock
Grant at the start of their employment equal to 250,000 shares each of the Company s Common Stock, par value .0001 per
share (the Common Stock ), such shares vesting immediately. Mr. Jones is also entitled to participate in the Company s
benefit plans when such plans exist. The foregoing summary of Mr. Olynick s and Mr. Jones s employment agreement is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the actual true and correct Employment Agreements by and between Mr. Olynick, Mr. Jones and our Company,
dated May 10, 2018, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.39 and 10.40 to this Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. 

Mr.
Olynick elected not to renew his employment agreement and resigned as President on July 19, 2019. Upon his resignation, we agreed to
pay the balance of his Employment Agreement then due and owing over time. Accordingly, we accrued 110,084 for the balance of his Employment
Agreement, against which we have paid 35,000, leaving a balance remaining of 75,084 for the year ending December 31, 2022. In addition,
Mr. Olynick had previously entered into a consulting agreement (the Olynick Agreement to provide general advisory
services with us on April 18, 2019, and which included terms for payment of billable time at 40.00 per hour, plus approved expenses.
The Olynick Agreement was terminated when Mr. Olynick became President of the Company on May 10, 2018. We have accrued 25,510 in expenses
related to such prior consulting agreement expenses. See Exhibit 10.42 incorporated by reference herein. 

Effective
April 1, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Thomas Phillips, Vice President of Operations, for a term of 12 months with
compensation of 120,000 per year. Mr. Phillips reports to the President of GIE. Pursuant to his employment agreement, Mr. Phillips is
entitled to a no-cost grant of common stock equal to 4,500,000 shares of the Company s Rule 144 restricted common stock, par value
 .0001 per share, with such shares having been issued in February 2020. In addition, Mr. Phillips resigned from the Company effective
December 15, 2020. The foregoing summary of the Mr. Phillips s employment agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the actual true and correct Employment Agreement by and between Thomas Phillips and our Company, dated April 1, 2019, a copy of which
is filed as Exhibit 10.53 to this Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. 

Effective
April 1, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Ryan Turner for a term of twelve (12) months with compensation of 80,000
per year, to manage our business development and investor relations. Mr. Turner reports to the President of Greenway Technologies and
is entitled to a no-cost grant of common stock equal to 2,500,000 shares of the Company s Rule 144 restricted common stock, par
value .0001 per share, valued at .06 per share, or 150,000, which we expensed as of the effective date of the agreement. Mr. Turner s
employment was terminated on September 7, 2021. The foregoing summary of the Mr. Turner s employment agreement is qualified in
its entirety by its reference to the actual true and correct Employment Agreement by and between Ryan Turner and our Company, dated April
1, 2019, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.58 to this Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. 

Consulting
Agreements 

On
September 7, 2018, Wildcat, a company controlled by Shareholder Marshall Gleason, filed suit against us alleging claims arising from
the Gleason Agreement, seeking to recover monetary damages, interest, court costs, and attorney s fees. In a separate lawsuit,
Wildcat filed suit claiming that the Company breached that certain Promissory Note dated on or about November 13, 2017, entered into
between Wildcat as lender and Greenway as borrower, and as a result Wildcat initiated an action in County Court at Law No. 2 of Tarrant
County, Texas, Cause No. 2018-006416-2. On March 6, 2019, we entered into a Rule 11 Agreement with Gleason settling both disputes, a
copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.52 to this Form 10-K and incorporated by reference. Pursuant to the Rule 11 Agreement, the parties
agreed to abate both cases until the earlier of a default of the performance of the Rule 11 Agreement or October 30, 2019, whichever
be sooner. The Rule 11 Agreement provided that if we timely performed through October 15, 2019, the parties would file a joint motion
for dismissal and present agreed orders of dismissal with prejudice for both lawsuits. The Company performed in all regards under the
Rule 11 Agreement, however Gleason refused to sign the Wildcat Settlement Agreement at the point of the Company s having performed
its obligations. The parties respective counsels then mutually agreed to extend the original October 30, 2019 settlement date
until at least the end of the year while the parties waited for Gleason s signature. Gleason signed the Compromise Settlement and
Release Agreement on February 4, 2020, and all litigation was dismissed by the Court on February 25, 2020. A copy of the Dismissal is
incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.59. 

- 19 - 

Paul
Alfano, a director and greater than five percent (5 shareholder entered into a consulting agreement with us on April 19, 2018 via Alfano
Consulting Services (the Alfano Agreement ), to provide board and senior management advice, including but not limited to
corporate strategy, SEC regulatory adherence, sales and marketing strategies, document and presentation preparation and fund-raising
support. Terms included payment of billable time at 40.00 per hour, plus approved expenses, retroactive to January 1, 2017. A copy is
available by Exhibit 10.44 incorporated by reference herein. The Alfano Agreement was terminated when Mr. Alfano became a director on
June 26, 2019. The Company has accrued Consulting Fees and Expenses of 120,988 for all prior periods through the year ending December
31, 2021. During 2022, Mr. Alfano and the Company mutually agreed to issues Company shares to Mr. Alfano in full satisfaction of the
 120,988 Consulting Fees and Expenses that were accrued as of December 31, 2021. 

On
October 19, 2020, the Company entered into a management consulting services agreement with Dean Goekel (the Goekel
Agreement via Analytical Professionals ), to manage engineering and vendor relationships, assist in defining the
design and cost of certain capital equipment and to manage the direction of research, development and other related engineering
activities. Mr. Goekel will also support the Company s ongoing business operations, including assistance in commercialization
and market implementation, strategic planning and other services. The agreed upon start date under the agreement is July 1, 2020 and
the minimum engagement term was for six (6) months. After the initial term the agreement automatically renews for subsequent six (6)
month terms unless the Company or Mr. Goekel terminates the agreement. Under the agreement, in exchange for Mr. Goekel s
services he will receive a minimum monthly fee of 10,000 per month in deferred compensation until such time that adequate funds are
available for payment. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued 300,000 in compensation expense related to this agreement.
Additionally, under the agreement Mr. Goekel was issued stock warrants for 3,000,000 shares at a strike price of 0.03 per share
effective July 1, 2020 and expiring on June 30, 2022. The Company recognized valued and recognized compensation expense related to
these warrants of 25,137 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Mr. Goekel did not exercise any of the stock warrant prior to June
30, 2022 and the warrants expired unexercised. After meeting certain deliverables set forth in the agreement, Mr. Goekel will be issued stock
warrants for 1,000,000 shares at a strike price that is an average of the stock price for the 90 days that the deliverables have
been met. No such deliverables have been met to date, and currently management does not believe these 1,000,000 warrants will
be earned by the service provider. 

Other 

Pursuant
to the GIE Acquisition Agreement in August 2012, we agreed to: (i) issue an additional 7,500,000 shares of Common Stock when the first
portable GTL unit is built and becomes operational, and is capable of producing 2,000 barrels of diesel or jet fuel per day, and (ii)
pay a 2 royalty on all gross production sales on each unit placed in production, or one percent (1 each to the founders and previous
owners of GIE. On February 6, 2018, and in connection with a settlement agreement dated April 5, 2018, by and between the Greer Family
Trust and us, which is the successor in interest one of the founders and prior owners of GIE, F. Conrad Greer Greer ),
(the Trust , and such settlement agreement the Trust Settlement Agreement ), we issued 3,000,000
shares of Common Stock and a convertible promissory note for 150,000 to the Trust in exchange for: (i) a termination of the Trust s
right to receive 3,750,000 shares of Common Stock in the future and 1 of the royalties owed to the Trust under the GIE Acquisition Agreement;
(ii) the termination of Greer s then current employment agreement with GIE; and (iii) the Trust s waiver of any future claims
against us for any reason. A copy of the Trust Settlement Agreement and related promissory note dated April 5, 2018, by us in favor of
the Trust is filed as Exhibit 10.36 to this Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. 

As
a result of the transactions consummated by the Trust Settlement Agreement, we are committed to issue a reduced number of 3,750,000 shares
of Common Stock and 1 of the royalties due on production of our GTL operational units to Ray Wright, the other founder and prior owner
of GIE, pursuant to the GIE Acquisition Agreement. 

Mining
Leases 

For
2022, our annual lease maintenance fees due to Bureau of Land Management BLM for the Arizona, were 16,200. There
is no actual lease agreement with the BLM, but we file an annual maintenance fee form and pay fees to the BLM to hold our claims. The
next payment will be due on August 31, 2023. 

- 20 - 

Financing 

Related
parties 

Financing
to date has been provided by loans, advances from Shareholders and Directors and issuances of our Common Stock in various private placements
to accredited investors, related parties and institutions. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 there was no related party financing. However, 51,769 in advances were converted to a related party
note for Kevin Jones. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we received 429,247 in related party loans from Mabert, acting as agent for various lenders to the
Company. 

As
of December 31, 2021, we received 68,014 in cash and payment advances, net of repayments, from our director, Kevin Jones, a greater
than 5 shareholder which has been accrued as Advances - related parties for the period. 

Third-party
financing 

On
various dates throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 20,667,999 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock,
par value 0.0001 per share pursuant to a private placement sale to various accredited investors, for 482,200 0.02 - 0.03/share). 

On
December 23, 2021, the Company 333,333 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private placement
sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 10,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
December 22, 2021, the Company issued 1,500,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a
private placement sale to two (2) accredited investors, for 45,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a
private placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 30,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
December 2, 2021, the Company issued 166,667 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 5,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
November 29, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a
private placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 30,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
November 24, 2021, the Company 166,667 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private placement
sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 5,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
November 23, 2021, the Company 333,333 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private placement
sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 10,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
November 18, 2021, the Company issued 1,666,667 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a
private placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 50,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
November 3, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 30,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
November 1, 2021, the Company issued 666,667 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 20,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company issued 625,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 25,000, or 0.04 per share. 

On
September 7, 2021, the Company issued 62,500 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 2,500, or 0.04 per share. 

- 21 - 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company issued 125,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 5,000, or 0.04 per share. 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company issued 600,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 30,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
August 30, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 10,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company issued 300,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to three (3) accredited investors, for 15,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
August 13, 2021, the Company issued 400,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 20,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
August 10, 2021, the Company issued 800,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to two (2) accredited investors, for 40,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
August 9, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 5,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
August 5, 2021, the Company issued 400,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to two (2) accredited investors, for 20,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
August 3, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 25,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
August 2, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to one (1) accredited investor, for 10,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
June 22, 2021, the Company issued 382,500 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to an accredited investor, in lieu of cash payment for consulting fees of 11,475, or 0.03 per share. 

On
June 3, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to three (3) accredited investors, for 100,000, or 0.05 per share. 

On
May 7, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to an accredited investor, in lieu of cash payment for consulting fees of 3,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
May 6, 2021, the Company issued 166,667 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to an accredited investor, for 5,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
May 6, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to an accredited investor, for 50,000, or 0.025 per share. 

On
May 6, 2021, the Company issued 600,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to an accredited investor, for 18,000, or 0.03 per share. 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company issued 1,200,000 shares of Rule 144 restricted Common Stock, par value .0001 per share pursuant to a private
placement sale to an accredited investor, for 36,000, or 0.03 per share. 

- 22 - 

Seasonality 

We
do not anticipate that our business will be affected by seasonal factors. 

Impact
of Inflation 

While
we are subject to general inflationary trends, including for basic manufacturing production materials, our management believes that inflation
in and of itself does not have a material effect on our operating results. However, inflation may become a factor in the future. However,
the COVID-19 virus and its current extraordinary impact on the world economy has reduced oil consumption globally, decreasing crude oil
prices, to levels not seen since the early 1980 s. The economics of GTL conversion rely in part on the arbitrage between oil and
natural gas prices, with economic models for many producers, including our own models, using a range of 30-60/bbl (for WTI or Brent
Crude as listed daily on the Nymex and ICE commodities exchanges) to determine relative profitability of their GTL operations. While
the COVID-19 virus may run its human course in the near term, we believe (as many others in the U.S. government and media believe), that
the economic impacts will be long lasting and for all practical matters, remain largely unknown at this time. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

During
the year ended December 2019, we entered into a revenue interest research and development venture with Mabert and an employee, Tom Phillips,
OPMGE. However, based on events of default in their agreement with the Company, Mabert no longer has any formal arrangements with OPMGE
or Tom Phillips. Since inception of this arrangement, we have advanced a total of 412,885 to OPMGE. Given the uncertainty of the collectability
of this receivable, the Company has fully reserved for this amount as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
Financial Statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). Preparing our Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that impact the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application
of accounting policies. Critical accounting policies include revenue recognition and impairment of long-lived assets. 

- 23 - 

We
evaluate our long-lived assets for financial impairment on a regular basis in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , which evaluates the recoverability of long-lived
assets not held for sale by measuring the carrying amount of the assets against the estimated discounted future cash flows associated
with them. At the time such evaluations indicate that the future discounted cash flows of certain long-lived assets are not sufficient
to recover the carrying value of such assets, the assets are adjusted to their fair values. 

We
believe that the critical accounting policies discussed below affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our financial statements. 

Use
of Estimates 

Preparing
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues
and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and those estimates may be material. 

Changes
in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and other
assumptions, which include both quantitative and qualitative assessments that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. 

Significant
estimates during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, include valuation of stock-based compensation, uncertain tax positions, and the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 

Equity
Method Investment 

On
August 29, 2019, the Company entered into a Material Definitive Agreement related to the formation of OPMGE. The Company contributed
a limited license to use its proprietary and patented GTL technology for no actual cost basis in exchange for 42.86 (300 of 700 currently
owned member units) revenue interest in OPMGE, expected to be later reduced to a 30 interest upon the completion of certain expected
third-party investments for the remaining 300 of 1,000 member units available. However, Greenway never transferred the G-Reformer to
OPMGE, as required by the LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF OPM GREEN ENERGY, LLC. Accordingly, it defaulted on its obligation under
the agreement. Since the Wharton Plant is owned by Mabert, OPMGE was no longer a viable entity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 24 - 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, there were no assets within OPMGE. Accordingly, the Company s receivable with this
entity is fully reserved for as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents and Concentration of Credit Risk 

For
purposes of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less
at the purchase date and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company did not have any cash equivalents. 

The
Company is exposed to credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents in the event of default by the financial institutions to the extent
account balances exceed the amount insured by the FDIC, which is 250,000. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company did
not have any cash in excess of the insured FDIC limit. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of our Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our Financial Statements
and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ materially from the estimates. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income tax using the asset and liability method prescribed by ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under this method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company
records a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not
that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is
recognized as income or loss in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The
Company follows the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes using the provisions of ASC 740 Income Taxes . Using
that guidance, tax positions initially need to be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position
will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, the Company had
no uncertain tax positions that qualify for either recognition or disclosure in the financial statements. 

The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions in other expense. No interest and penalties related
to uncertain income tax positions were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Research
and Development 

The
Company accounts for research and development costs in accordance with ASC subtopic 730-10, Research and Development ASC 730-10 ). 

Under
ASC 730-10, all research and development costs must be charged to expense as incurred. Accordingly, internal research and development
costs are expensed as incurred. Third-party research and development costs are expensed when the contracted work has been performed or
as milestone results have been achieved as defined under the applicable agreement. Company-sponsored research and development costs related
to both present and future products are expensed in the period incurred. 

- 25 - 

The
Company incurred research and development expenses of 54,275 and 158,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for our stock-based compensation under ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation using the fair
value-based method. Under this method, compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized
over the service period, which is usually the vesting period. This guidance establishes standards for the accounting for transactions
in which an entity exchanges it equity instruments for goods or services. It also addresses transactions in which an entity incurs liabilities
in exchange for goods or services that are based on the fair value of the entity s equity instruments or that may be settled by
the issuance of those equity instruments. 

The
Company uses the fair value method for equity instruments granted to non-employees and use the Black-Scholes model for measuring the
fair value of options. 

The
fair value of stock-based compensation is determined as of the date of the grant or the date at which the performance of the services
is completed (measurement date) and is recognized over the vesting periods. 

When
determining fair value, the Company considers the following assumptions in the Black-Scholes model: 

Exercise price, 

Expected dividends, 

Expected volatility, 

Risk-free interest rate; and 

Expected life of option 

- 26 - 

Basic
and Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Share 

Pursuant
to ASC 260-10-45, basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding for the periods presented. Diluted loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock, common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common
shares may consist of common stock issuable for stock options and warrants (using the treasury stock method), convertible notes and common
stock issuable. These common stock equivalents may be dilutive in the future. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company had the following common stock equivalents outstanding, which are potentially dilutive
equity securities: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Convertible debt 
 3,689,400 
 2,083,338 
 
 Warrants 
 - 
 3,000,000 

3,689,400 
 5,083,338 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Changes
to accounting principles are established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in the form of Accounting Standards Updates ASU s to the FASB s Codification. We consider the applicability and impact of all ASU s on our consolidated financial position,
results of operations, stockholders deficit, cash flows, or presentation thereof. Management has evaluated all recent accounting
pronouncements as issued by the FASB in the form of Accounting Standards Updates ASU through the date these financial
statements were available to be issued and found no recent accounting pronouncements issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements,
when adopted, will have a material impact on the financial statements of the Company. 

Subsequent
Events 

From
January 1, 2023 through April 14, 2023, the Company issued 10,333,333 shares of common stock comprised of: 8,333,333 shares of Rule
144 restricted Common Stock issued in a private placement to three accredited investors at 0.015 - 0.020 per share 160,000 and
2,000,000 shares to our Chief Financial Officer for services rendered, having a fair value of 20,000 0.01/share), based upon the
quoted closing trading price. 

- 27 - 

Item
7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are
not required to provide information requested by this item. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
Financial Statements and related notes are included as part of this Form 10-K as indexed in the appendix on page F-1, et seq . 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

At
no time have there been any disagreements with our accountants regarding any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure, auditing scope or procedure. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

The
term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the issuer; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
 of the issuer; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
any, have been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

- 28 - 

In
the year ending December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in 2013. Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting
and testing of the operational effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
was ineffective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer and effected by our board of directors, management and
other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management s
assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our
internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. 

We
have identified at least the following deficiencies, which together constitute a material weakness in our assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022: 

1. 
 We
 have inadequate segregation of duties within our cash disbursement control design. 

2. 
 During
 the year ended December 31, 2022, we internally performed all aspects of our financial reporting process including, but not limited
 to, the underlying accounting records and record journal entries and internally maintained responsibility for the preparation of
 the financial statements. Due to the fact these duties were often performed by the same people, a lack of independent review process
 was created over the financial reporting process that might result in a failure to detect errors in spreadsheets, calculations, or
 assumptions used to compile the financial statements and related disclosures as filed with the SEC. These control deficiencies could
 result in a material misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

3. 
 We
 do not have a sufficient number of independent or qualified directors for our Board of Directors and a qualified Audit Committee.
 We currently have only two (2) independent directors on our board, which is fully comprised of six directors, and accordingly we
 do not yet have a functioning audit committee, as the only otherwise qualified director is not independent. Further, as a publicly
 traded company, we should strive to have a majority of our board of directors be independent. 

We
are continuing the process of remediating our control deficiencies. However, the material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting that have been identified will not be remediated until numerous new internal controls are implemented and operate for a period
of time, are tested, and we are able to conclude that such internal controls are operating effectively. We cannot provide assurance that
these procedures will be successful in identifying material errors that may exist in our Financial Statements. We cannot make assurances
that we will not identify additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Our management
plans, as capital becomes available to us, to increase the accounting and financial reporting staff and provide future investments in
the continuing education and public company accounting training of our accounting and financial professionals. 

It
should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control system, there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Our
management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have a material effect on our financial results. However, the
lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of independent directors on our Board of Directors results in potentially
ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures and could potentially have an
impact our financial statements. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes (including corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses) in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 

None. 

- 29 - 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers, directors and key employees as of the date of this
report. Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors. Each executive officer holds his office until he resigns,
is removed by the Board of Directors, or his successor is elected and qualified. Directors are elected annually by our Shareholders at
the annual meeting of the Shareholders. Each director holds his office until his successor is elected and qualified or his earlier resignation
or removal. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director 
 
 Raymond
 Wright 
 
 86 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President of GIE, and Director 
 
 2016 
 
 Ransom
 Jones 
 
 74 
 
 Director,
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 2016 
 
 Kent
 Harer 
 
 66

Director
 and President 
 
 2017 
 
 Paul
 Alfano 
 
 67 
 
 Director
 (Independent) 
 
 2019 
 
 Michael
 Wykrent 
 
 79 
 
 Director
 (Independent) 
 
 2019 

The
members of our Board of Directors are subject to change from time to time by the vote of our Shareholders at special or annual meetings
to elect directors. Our current Board of Directors consists of five directors, who have expertise in our business. No date for the next
annual meeting of Shareholders is specified in our bylaws or has been fixed by the Board of Directors. Officers are elected annually
by the directors. The term of office of each officer ends at the next annual meeting of our Board of Directors, expected to take place
immediately after the next annual meeting of Shareholders, or until such time when such officer s successor is elected and qualified. 

The
foregoing notwithstanding, except as otherwise provided in any resolution or resolutions of the board, directors who are elected at an
annual meeting of Shareholders, and directors elected and/or appointed in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships,
will hold office for the term for which elected and/or appointed until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier
death, resignation or removal. 

Whenever
the holders of any class or classes of stock or any series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors pursuant to any resolution
or resolutions of the Board of Directors, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series thereof may generally
be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series then in office, or, by a sole remaining director
so elected or by the unanimous written consent, or, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or classes
of stock or any series thereof, entitled to elect such director or directors. 

Kevin
Jones served on the Board of Directors prior to his resignation on November 3, 2021. Ransom Jones and Kevin Jones are brothers. 

We
may employ additional management personnel, as our Board of Directors deems necessary. We have not identified or reached an agreement
or understanding with any other individuals to serve in management positions. 

Directors
and Officers Biographies 

Raymond
Wright - Chairman of our Board of Directors, Co-Founder and President of our wholly owned subsidiary, GIE 

Mr.
Wright has been a Director since March 6, 2016 and was elected by the Board as Chairman in 2017, while also serving as the President
of GIE since August 2012. Mr. Wright was the co-founder of DFW Genesis with F. Conrad Greer, in 2009, where he began working on current
natural gas GTL processes until 2012, when he and the late Mr. Greer formed GIE to continue working on a new GTL solution, which has
gone on to become the basis of our proprietary G-Reformer technology. Previously, Mr. Wright worked with Dallas-based Texas Instruments
(TI) managing operations and opening up new markets for TI in England. He developed and built a materials manufacturing facility for
TI s European operation and introduced TI s Light Sensor technology in Europe. Mr. Wright was asked to join the Board of
Directors due to his specific experience in the GTL industry, his early contributions and leadership to our GTL technology, and his general
business, management and analytical skills. He received an undergraduate degree in Accounting from Southern Methodist University. 

- 30 - 

Kenton
Harer Director and President (Interim) 

Kenton
J. Harer joined our Board of Directors on February 3, 2017 and was appointed by our Board of Directors serve as our interim President
on July 19, 2019, as reported on our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 23, 2019, which is incorporated by reference
herein. Mr. Harer has over 35 years of industrial gas experience, starting his career working for the oilfield division of LTV Corporation
in 1981, and in 1984, began working with industrial gas, where he developed an extensive knowledge of the industrial gas business and
the various technologies of the diverse industries it serves. He has been and remains an instrumental part of the North Texas business
operations of world-renowned French company Air Liquide in the United States. In his capacity at Air Liquide, Mr. Harer was directly
involved in the development of the original G-Reformer technology and was instrumental in negotiating certain agreements between Air
Liquide and us that allowed us to further develop and begin commercialization such technology. Mr. Harer was asked to join the Board
of Directors due to his significant experience in the industrial gas industry, his early contributions and leadership to our GTL technology,
and his general business, investment and analytical skills. He graduated from the University of South Dakota with a Bachelor of Science
in Business Administration in 1980. 

Ransom
Jones Director, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

Ransom
B. Jones has served as a director since March 6, 2016, was our Interim Chief Executive Officer and President from January 2016 to April
2017, and became our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer on May 10, 2018. Mr. Jones has over 45 years of diverse business
experience. He is a retired partner of KPMG Peat Marwick and former Chief Financial Officer of two publicly traded corporations, Western
Preferred Corporation and El Paso Refining, Inc. He has also served as an officer of some of the largest and most prestigious global
financial institutions including Goldman Sachs, Citicorp, ABN-AMRO Bank, and AIG. Mr. Jones was asked to join the Board of Directors
due to his significant senior executive management and deep accounting practice experience, general business, investment and superior
analytical skills. He graduated from the University of Texas at El Paso in 1971 with a BBA, Accounting. 

Paul
Alfano Director (Independent) 

Paul
Alfano joined our Board of Directors June 26, 2019. Mr. Alfano is a greater than 5 Shareholder and has served as a consultant to us
since 2016, until he became a director in 2019. He has extensive leadership experience in Silicon Valley and currently runs his own consulting
firm based in Rochester, NY. Mr. Alfano has led worldwide sales and business development teams, alliances and joint ventures while at
Hewlett-Packard HP ), Network Appliance and Portal Software (acquired by Oracle). He has worked with C-Level 
Fortune 50 Executives throughout his career. Most notably Mr. Alfano had a successful 25-year career at HP Headquarters (Palo Alto, CA),
with his last assignment as Director of Worldwide Sales Business Development for the HP-Cisco Alliance, ending in 2007. He reported
to the senior management teams at both HP Cisco. Mr. Alfano also led HP s SBC-PacBell account team for many years, which
was one of HP s largest and most profitable. Mr. Alfano was asked to join the Board of Directors due to his specific sales skills,
and for his general business, management and analytical skills. He is a graduate of St. John Fisher College (Rochester, NY) having earned
a BS in Marketing, as well as an MBA in Finance from Rochester Institute of Technology. 

Michael
Wykrent - Director (Independent) 

Michael
Wykrent was elected to serve as a member of our Board of Directors June 26, 2019. Mr. Wykrent is a major Shareholder and has been an
advisor to the Board since 2012. Mr. Wykrent retired from United Parcel Service UPS after a 27-year career working
in Human Resources as a Region Communications Manager. When he began his career at UPS, the company was comprised of only a few thousand
managers. By the end of his career, UPS had become a world-wide service provider, with over 481,000 employees. Mr. Wykrent helped open
new operating areas as UPS was expanding and also headed up region employee opinion surveys and coordinated the charitable contributions
throughout the southwest. His duties brought him into contact with management and employees working in package sorting and delivery operations,
labor relations, engineering, accounting, air operations, fleet rentals, vehicle maintenance, legal, customer service, delivery information
and loss prevention. Mr. Wykrent was asked to join the Board of Directors due to his sales, business, management and analytical skills.
He served in the Navy for four years in communications and later graduated from Henry Ford College. 

- 31 - 

Committees
of the Board 

On
June 22, 2018, pursuant to the authority granted to our Board of Directors in Section 2.10 of Article Two of our bylaws, the Board of
Directors created an executive committee (the Executive Committee ). As of the date of this report, the designated
directors comprising the Executive Committee include Ray Wright, Kent Harer, Paul Alfano and Ransom Jones. The Executive Committee may
consider and review any and all such matters or issues it deems necessary coming before us and take such further lawful actions as it
determines to be consistent with its responsibilities. Given our small size, with the exception of the Executive Committee, our entire
Board of Directors participates in all of the considerations with respect to our audit, compensation and nomination deliberations. 

The
responsibilities of other committees now or to be adopted in the future are currently are fulfilled by our Board of Directors and all
of our directors participate in such responsibilities, two of whom are independent as defined in the listing standards
of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc., which states in part, that, that an independent director must not be an officer or employee
of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship that, in the opinion of the company s board of
directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
entire Board of Directors currently performs the functions of an audit committee, but no written charter governs the actions of our Board
of Directors when performing the functions of what would generally be performed by an audit committee. Our Board of Directors approves
the selection of our independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss issues related to financial
reporting. In addition, our Board of Directors reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent accountants, reviews with
management and the independent accountants our annual operating results, considers the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures
and considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent
auditor. At the present time, Ransom Jones, our Chief Financial Officer and one of our directors, is considered to be our expert in financial
and accounting matters. 

Nomination
Committee 

Due
to our size and the size of our Board of Directors, we do not require a separate nominating committee at this time. When evaluating director
nominees, our directors consider the following factors: 

The
 appropriate size of our Board of Directors; 

The
 knowledge, skills and experience of nominees, including experience in finance, administration or public service, in light of prevailing
 business conditions and the knowledge, skills and experience already possessed by other members of our Board of Directors; 

Experience
 in political affairs; 

Experience
 with accounting rules and practices; and 

The
 desire to balance the benefit of continuity with the periodic injection of the fresh perspective provided by new members of our Board
 of Directors. 

Our
goal is to assemble a Board of Directors that brings together a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high-quality business
and professional experience. In doing so, our Board of Directors will also consider candidates with appropriate non-business backgrounds. 

Other
than the foregoing, there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although our Board of Directors may also consider such
other factors as it may deem are in our best interests as well as the interests of our Shareholders. In addition, our Board of Directors
identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of our Board of Directors willing to continue in service. Current members
of our Board of Directors with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service are
considered for re-nomination. If any member of our Board of Directors does not wish to continue in service or if our Board of Directors
decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election, our Board of Directors then identifies the desired skills and experience of a new
nominee in light of the criteria above. Current members of our Board of Directors are polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting
the criteria described above. Our Board of Directors may also engage in research to identify qualified individuals. To date, we have
not engaged third parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees, although we reserve the right in the future
to retain a third-party search firm, if necessary. Our Board of Directors does not typically consider Shareholder nominees, because it
believes that our current nomination process is sufficient to identify directors who serve our Shareholders best interests . 

- 32 - 

As
approved by our Shareholders at a Special Shareholders meeting Special Shareholders Meeting held on December 11,
2019, we amended our Certificate of Formation (Articles of Incorporation) to change the voting requirements specifying that the vote
required to approve certain actions before our Stockholders, including fundamental actions, as defined by Texas Business
Organizations Code (the TBOC Section 21.364, and fundamental business transactions, as defined by TBOC Section
1.002(32). See our Form 8-K filed December 16, 2019 for more detailed information, incorporated by reference herein. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10 of our Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons also are required
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Communication
with Directors 

Shareholders
and other interested parties may contact any of our directors by writing to them at Greenway Technologies, Inc. at 1521 N. Cooper Street,
Suite 205, Arlington, TX 76011. Attention: Secretary. 

Our
Board of Directors has approved a process for handling letters received by us and addressed to any of our directors. Under that process,
one of our officers reviews all such correspondence and regularly forwards to the directors a summary of all such correspondence, together
with copies of all such correspondence that, in the opinion of such officer, deal with functions of our Board of Directors or committees
thereof or that he otherwise determines requires their attention. Directors may at any time review a log of all correspondence received
by us that are addressed to members of the board and request copies of such correspondence. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

With
respect to transactions involving real or apparent conflicts of interest, we have adopted written policies and procedures, which require
that the: (i) the fact of the relationship or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or known to the directors who
authorize or approve the transaction prior to such authorization or approval; and (ii) the transaction be fair and reasonable to us at
the time it is authorized or approved by our directors. 

Code
of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers 

We
have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics (our Code of Ethics ), which applies to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and all persons providing similar functions. Our Code of
Ethics is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

honest
 and ethical conduct; 

full,
 fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in regulatory filings and public statements; 

compliance
 with applicable laws, rules and regulations; 

the
 prompt reporting violation of the code; and 

Ongoing
 accountability for adherence to our Code of Ethics. 

A
copy of our Code of Ethics is provided in Exhibit 14.1, incorporated by reference herein. We will also provide a copy of our Code of
Ethics free of charge upon request to any person submitting a written request to our Secretary. 

- 33 - 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation. 

Summary
of Cash and Certain Other Compensation 

At
present, we have three executive officers, Messrs. Wright, Harer and R. Jones . 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation for our named executive officers for each of the two completed fiscal years ended December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Ray Wright (1) 
 2021 
 180,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 180,000 

2022 
 180,000 

180,000 

Ransom Jones (2) 
 2021 
 120,000 
 35,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 155,000 

2022 
 120,000 
 35,000 

155,000 

Kent Harer (3) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Wright is our President and Chairman of our Board of Directrors. 

(2) 
 On
 January 23, 2023, Mr. Jones our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary received 2,000,000 shares of our Common Stock valued at 0.01
 per share. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Harer is our interim President. Mr. Harer has not taken a salary or any other form of compensation. Mr. Harer does not have an employment
 agreement and serves at the pleasure of our Board of Directors. 

Stock
awards during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were made according to the aggregate date fair value computed in accordance with
FASB ASC Topic 718, with such grants being valued as of the closing price of the Company s stock on effective date of the agreements
underlying such grants. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There
were no outstanding equity awards for our named executive officers as of the end of our last completed fiscal year, December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

Currently,
our directors receive no compensation for their participation on our board, board committees or other activities related to the Company.
There are no plans by the directors pay retirement benefits to directors or executive officers. 

Executive
Compensation 

Ray
Wright and Ransom Jones each have employment agreements that automatically renew on each employment anniversary date unless a party
provides notice of non-renewal before sixty (60) days before each annual period s end. Mr. Jones was provided with 250,000
shares at the inception of his agreement, and he is due a bonus of 35,000 each year he is employed by us. There were no changes to
any of the named executives duties as described by their respective employment agreements. Kent Harer does not have an employment agreement and receives no compensation for his management roles and
responsibilities. Mr. Harer has agreed to this arrangement until a new chief executive is hired by us. 

- 34 - 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Securities
Beneficial Ownership Table 

The
following table presents information regarding the beneficial ownership of all shares of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2022: 

Beneficial Ownership Table 

Directors and Named Executive Officers (10) 
 Shares of Common Stock 
 Beneficially Owned (1) 

Number 
 Percent 
 
 Paul Alfano(2) 
 29,450,000 
 7.7 
 
 Kent Harer (5) 
 70,000 

1) 
 Applicable
 percentages are based on 382,610,871 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Beneficial ownership is determined
 by rules promulgated by the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Common Stock underlying
 options, warrants, and convertible notes currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of year
 end are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for
 computing the percentage of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each of
 the individuals named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the Common Stock indicated as beneficially
 owned by such individual. The table includes Common Stock and options, warrants, and convertible notes exercisable or convertible
 into Common Stock that are either vested or may vest within 60 days of year end. 

2) 
 Paul
 Alfano. Mr. Alfano is an independent director and greater than 5 Shareholder. 

3) 
 Kevin
 Jones. Mr. Kevin Jones is a greater than 5 Shareholder and a former director. Mr. Jones resigned as a director during 2021. Kevin
 Jones and Ransom Jones are brothers. Mr. K. Jones has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to 8,364,683 shares. In addition,
 the amount of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. K. Jones includes: (a) 4,875,000 Shares held by Mabert, in which Mr. K. Jones
 has 100 ownership interest and for which he serves as sole manager; (b) 8,500,000 Shares owned by Mr. K. Jones s late spouse,
 Ms. Christine Earley, in which Mr. K. Jones has a spousal interest; and (c) 1,867,843 Shares issuable to Mr. K. Jones pursuant to
 that certain Loan Agreement by and between Mabert and the Company, dated September 14, 2018, filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s
 Form 10-K/A, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2019; (c) 2,000,000 shares beneficially held for Mr. K. Jones by Equity Trust and (d)
 1,000,000 shares owned by Topical Floors, LLC, in which Mr. K. Jones owns 100 ownership interest and for which he serves as sole
 manager. 

- 35 - 

4) 
 Raymond
 Wright. Mr. Wright is the chairman of our Board of Directors, and president of GIE our wholly owned subsidiary. 

5) 
 Kent
 Harer. Mr. Harer is a director and our acting president, making him a named executive officer. The Common Stock beneficially owned
 by Mr. Harer are those shares immediately issuable upon Mr. Harer s exercise of a Stock Purchase Warrant, dated January 8,
 2018, by and between our Company and Mr. Harer, filed as Exhibit 10.37, and incorporated by reference herein. 

6) 
 Ransom
 Jones. Mr. Ransom Jones is a director and our chief financial officer, secretary and treasurer, making him a named executive officer.
 Mr. Jones has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to 2,306,867 shares of Common Stock. In addition, the amount of Common
 Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Jones includes 3,875,000 shares owned by Mr. Jones s spouse, Ms. Jan Jones, in which Mr. Jones
 has a spousal interest. Ransom Jones and Kevin Jones are brothers. 

7) 
 Michael
 Wykrent. Mr. Wykrent is an independent director. 

9) 
 All
 current directors and named executive officers as a group. This ownership includes only the ownership of our current named executive
 officers and directors. Mr. Jones is listed as he resigned from being a director during 2021. 

10) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the address for each of these shareholders is c/o Greenway Technologies, Inc., at 1521 N. Cooper Street, Suite
 205, Arlington, TX 76011. 

Other
than as stated herein, there are no arrangements or understandings, known to us, including any pledge by any person of our securities: 

The
 operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant; or 

With
 respect to the election of directors or other matters. 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

Other
than as stated herein, there are no other agreements with any of our officers and directors. 

After
approval given during a properly called special meeting of the Board of Directors, on September 14, 2018, Mabert, which is owned and
controlled by our former director and Shareholder, Kevin Jones, and his late wife Christine Early, entered into a loan agreement with
us (the Loan Agreement ), for the purpose of funding working capital and general corporate expenses of up to 1,500,000
(the Loan Amount ). With Board of Directors consent, the Loan Amount was subsequently increased to provide up to
a total 5,000,000 of availability under the Loan Agreement for us. The Company s bylaws provide no bar from transactions with
Interested Directors, so long as the interested party does not vote on such transaction. Mr. Jones did not vote on this transaction. 

Mr.
K. Jones and his late wife and Mabert have loaned a total 2,057,341 to the Company and four other Shareholders have loaned the balance
of 793,433, pursuant to the Loan Agreement, through the year ending December 31, 2022. These loans are secured by the assets of our
Company. A financing statement and UCC-1 have been filed according to Texas statutes. Should a default under the Loan Agreement occur,
there could be a foreclosure or a bankruptcy proceeding filed by Mabert on behalf of the lenders party to the Loan Agreement. A foreclosure
sale or distribution through bankruptcy could only result in the creditors receiving a pro rata payment based upon the terms of the Loan
Agreement. Mabert did not nor will it receive cash compensation for its efforts. 

Mr.
K. Jones, as the owner and managing member of Mabert, was also the managing and control member of OPMGE, a research and development venture
in and to which the Company had a significant revenue member interest and has licensed its proprietary GTL technology and equipment.
Any relationship between Greenway and OPMG has been terminated.Due to Mr. Kevin Jones family relationship as the brother of Mr.
Ransom Jones, our CFO, and his control position over Mabert , Mr. Jones was not considered an independent director. 

Mr.
Michael Wykrent, a director, made loans totaling 425,000 under the Mabert Loan Agreement to us prior to his being elected as a director
of the Company and has had 80,000 of loans subsequently. Mabert operates as an agent for various lenders, including Mr. Wykrent, and
manages such loans on behalf of the various lenders under the Loan Agreement. Mr. Wykrent was elected as a non-executive director and
we believe that Mr. Wykrent remains an independent director, despite having this lending relationship through Mabert, which, in the opinion
of the Company s Board of Directors, would not interfere with the exercise of his independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. 

- 36 - 

Mr.
Paul Alfano, a director, was contracted as a consultant by the Company in April 2018 prior to his being elected as a director of the
Company, thereupon such consulting contract was terminated. In his consulting role, Mr. Alfano s total fees never exceeded 120,000
for any prior period. We have accrued a total 120,988 for the fees and expenses that were remaining under his consulting agreement at
the time Mr. Alfano was elected as a non-executive director and the associated accrued interest on these fees. During 2022, the Company
and Mr. Alfano agreed to issue shares in full satisfaction of the 120,988. 

Director
Independence 

Mr.
Alfano and Mr. Wykrent serve as our two independent directors. We use the definition of independent director as defined
in the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. Under this standard, an independent director is a person other
than an executive officer or employee of a company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the issuer s
board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In
addition, the following persons shall not be considered independent: 

A
 director who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by the Company; 

A
 director who accepted or who has a family member who accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any
 period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the determination of independence, other than the following: (i)
 compensation for board or board committee service; (ii) compensation paid to a family member who is an employee (other than as an
 executive officer) of the issuer; or (iii) benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan, or non-discretionary compensation; 

A
 director who is a family member of an individual who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by the company
 as an executive officer; 

A
 director who is, or has a family member who is, a partner in, or a controlling shareholder or an executive officer of, any organization
 to which the company made, or from which the company received, payments for property or services in the current or any of the past
 three fiscal years that exceed five percent of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year, or 200,000, whichever
 is more, other than the following: (i) payments arising solely from investments in the company s securities; or (ii) payments
 under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs; 

A
 director of the issuer who is, or has a family member who is, employed as an executive officer of another entity where at any time
 during the past three years any of the executive officers of the issuer serve on the compensation committee of such other entity;
 or 

A
 director who is, or has a family member who is, a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or was a partner or employee
 of the registrant s outside auditor who worked on the company s audit at any time during any of the past three years. 

Under
these standards required to an independent director, none of Mr. Harer, Mr. R. Jones, nor Mr. Wright qualify as independent directors. 

We
hope to add additional qualified independent members to our Board of Directors at a later date, depending upon our ability to reach and
maintain financial stability and/or continuing operations. 

- 37 - 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following table presents fees for professional services rendered by Assurance Dimensions Assurance ), our independent
auditors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 41,000 
 35,906 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Tax Fees 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 All Other Fees 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Total 
 41,000 
 35,906 

Audit
fees billed were for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our interim financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy for Services of Our Independent Auditors 

Our
Board of Directors reviews our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Annual Reports on Form 10-K filings before we file them with the
SEC. In addition, our Board of Directors reviews the audit plans and anticipated fees for audit and tax work prior to the commencement
of that work. All fees paid to the independent auditors are pre-approved by our Board of Directors. These services may include audit
services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. 

- 38 - 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 All
 financial statements are included in Item 8 of this report. 

(b) 
 All
 financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this report and the exhibits contained in this report are described
 in Item 8 of this report and are included as indexed in the appendix on page F-1, et seq. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Identification
 of Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Combination Agreement executed as of August 18, 2009, between Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation and Universal Media Corporation, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on March 13, 2002, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on June 7, 2006, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on August 28, 2009, changing the corporate name to Universal Media Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Universal Media Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on March 23, 2011, changing the corporate name to UMED Holdings, Inc., filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Certificate of Formation of UMED Holdings, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on June 23, 2017, changing the corporate name to Greenway Technologies, Inc., filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Form 8-K/A on July 20, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Bylaws of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Greenway Innovative Energy, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on July 6, 2012, filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 

3.8 
 
 Bylaws of Greenway Innovative Energy, Inc., filed as Exhibit 3.8 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation approved by the Shareholders at the Special Shareholders Meeting on December 11, 2019 
 
 10.2 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of May 1, 2012, between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki Tea Extract, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Addendum and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012, between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki of Hawaii, Inc. formerly Mamaki Tea Extract, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Second Addendum and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012, between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki of Hawaii, Inc. formerly Mamaki Tea Extract, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated August 29th, 2012, between Universal Media Corporation and Greenway Innovative Energy, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of February 23, 2012, between Rig Support Services, Inc. and UMED Holdings, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of October 2, 2011, between Jet Regulators, L.C., R/T Jet Tech, L.P. and UMED Holdings, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employee Agreement dated May 27, 2011, between UMED Holdings, Inc. and Kevin Bentley, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 

- 39 - 

10.9 
 
 Employee Agreement dated May 27, 2011, between UMED Holdings, Inc. Randy Moseley, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Employee Agreement dated May 27, 2011, between UMED Holdings, Inc. and Richard Halden, filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employee Agreement dated August 29, 2012, between UMED Holdings, Inc. and Raymond Wright, filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Employee Agreement dated August 29, 2012, between UMED Holdings, Inc. and Conrad Greer, filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated May 27, 2011, between UMED Holdings, Inc. and Jabez Capital Group, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Promissory Note in the amount of 850,000 dated August 17, 2012, executed by Mamaki Tea, Inc. payable to Southwest Capital Funding, Ltd., filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Modification of Note and Liens effective as of October 1, 2012, between Southwest Capital Funding, Ltd. and Mamaki Tea, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Second Modification of Note and Liens effective as of December 20, 2012, between Southwest Capital Funding, Ltd., Mamaki Tea, Inc., and Mamaki of Hawaii, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Promissory Note in the amount of 150,000 dated August 17, 2012, executed by Mamaki Tea, Inc. payable to Robert R. Romer, filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Addendum and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012, between Rig Support Services, Inc. and UMED Holdings, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Promissory Note in the amount of 158,000 dated September 18, 2014, executed by UMED Holdings, Inc. payable to Tonaquint, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.21 
 
 Warrant dated September 18, 2014, for 47,400 worth of UMED Holdings, Inc. shares issued to Tonaquint, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 

10.22 
 
 Office Lease Agreement dated October 2015, between UMED Holdings, Inc. and The Atrium Remains the Same, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.23 
 
 Warrant dated October 31, 2015, for 4,000,000 shares issued to Norman T. Reynolds, Esq, filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Promissory Note in the amount of 36,000 dated March 8, 2016, executed by UMED Holdings, Inc. payable to Peter C. Wilson, filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of 224,000 dated May 4, 2016, executed by UMED Holdings, Inc. payable to Tonaquint, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Severance and Release Agreement by and between UMED Holdings, Inc. and Randy Moseley dated November 11, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.27 
 
 Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement dated January 13, 2017, executed by UMED Holdings, Inc. in connection with Cause No. DC-16-004718, in the 193rd District Court, Dallas County, Texas against Mamaki of Hawaii, Inc., Hawaiian Beverages, Inc., Curtis Borman, and Lee Jenison, filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.28 
 
 Warrant dated February 1, 2017, for 2,000,000 shares issued to Richard J. Halden, filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.29 
 
 Warrant dated February 1, 2017, for 4,000,000 shares issued to Richard J. Halden, filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.30 
 
 Severance and Release Agreement by and between UMED Holdings, Inc. and Richard Halden dated February 1, 2017, filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 

- 40 - 

10.31 
 
 Assignment Agreement dated December 27, 2010, between Melek Mining, Inc., 4HM Partners, LLC, and UMED Holdings, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the registrant s Form 10-Q/A, amendment No. 1, on September 21, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.32 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the registrant and Chisos Equity Consultants, LLC, as amended on February 16, 2018, and March 19, 2018, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Form 8-K, on March 21, 2018, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.33 
 
 Promissory Note in the amount of 100,000 dated November 13, 2017, executed by Greenway Technologies, Inc. payable to Wildcat Consulting Group LLC. 
 
 10.34 
 
 Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of 166,667 dated December 20, 2017, executed by Greenway Technologies, Inc. payable to Tunstall Canyon Group LLC. 
 
 10.35 
 
 Warrant dated November 30, 2017 for 1,000,000 shares issued to MTG Holdings, LTD. 
 
 10.36 
 
 Greer Family Trust Promissory Note and Settlement. filed at Exhibit 10.34 to the registrant s Form 10K on April 5, 2018, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 10.37 
 
 Warrant dated January 8, 2018 for 4,000,000 shares issued to Kent Harer. 
 
 10.38 
 
 Settlement agreement by and between Greenway Technologies, Inc. and Tonaquint, Inc. dated April 9, 2018. 
 
 10.39 
 
 Employment agreement with John Olynick, as President, dated May 10, 2018. 
 
 10.40 
 
 Employment agreement with Ransom Jones, as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, dated May 10, 2018. 
 
 10.41 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Gary L. Ragsdale, Ph.D., P.E. 
 
 10.42 
 
 Consulting Agreement with John Olynick 
 
 10.43 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Marl Zoellers 
 
 10.44 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Paul Alfano dba Alfano Consulting Services 
 
 10.45 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Peter Hauser 
 
 10.46 
 
 Consulting Agreement with William Campbell 
 
 10.47 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Ryan Turner 
 
 10.48 
 
 Amendment on July 30, 2014 to that certain Employment Agreement with Raymond Wright dated August 29, 2012 
 
 10.49 
 
 Mabert LLC as Agent Loan Agreement dated September 14, 2018 
 
 10.50 
 
 Mabert LLC as Agent Security Agreement dated September 14, 2018 
 
 10.51 
 
 Texas UCC-1 filed by Mabert LLC as Agent on October 11, 2018, ending October 10, 2023. 
 
 10.52 
 
 Rule 11 Agreement, dated March 6, 2019, pursuant to a mutual settlement of all claims by Wildcat Consulting, LLC for the matters in Cause No. 2018-005801 and Cause No. 2018-006416-2, filed in the County Courts at Law in Tarrant County, TX on Sept 7, and September 27, 2018, respectively. 
 
 10.53 
 
 Employment agreement with Thomas Phillips, as Vice President of Operations, effective date April 1, 2019. 
 
 10.54 
 
 Settlement Agreement executed on September 26, 2019 with Southwest Capital Funding, Ltd. to resolve all conflicts related to loan guarantees provided for Mamaki of Hawaii, Inc., Hawaiian Beverages, Inc., Curtis Borman, and Lee Jenison. 

10.55 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of OPM Green Energy, LLC, dated August 23, 2019, by and among Greenway Technologies, Inc., a Texas corporation,
 Mabert, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, Tom Phillips, an individual, and OPM Green Energy, LLC, a Texas corporation. 
 
 10.56 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement dated August 23, 2019, by and between Greenway Technologies, Inc., a Texas corporation, and OPM Green Energy, LLC, a Texas
 limited liability company. 
 
 10.57 
 
 Intellectual
 Property License dated August 23, 2019, by and between Greenway Technologies, Inc., a Texas corporation, and OPM Green Energy, LLC,
 a Texas limited liability company. 
 
 10.58 
 
 Employment
 agreement with Ryan Turner for Business Development and Investor Relations, dated April 1, 2019. 
 
 10.59 
 
 Agreed
 Order of Dismissal with Prejudice, dated February 25, 2020, pursuant to the mutual settlement of all claims by Wildcat Consulting,
 LLC for the matters in Cause No. 2018-005801 and Cause No. 2018-006416-2, filed in the County Courts at Law in Tarrant County, TX
 on Sept 7, and September 27, 2018, respectively. 
 
 10.60 
 
 Agreed
 Order of Dismissal without Prejudice, dated November 19, 2019, pursuant to the mutual settlement of all claims by Chisos Equity Consultants,
 LLC for the matters in Cause No. 67-306723-19, filed in the County Courts at Law in Tarrant County, TX on March 13, 2019. 
 
 10.61 
 
 Agreed
 Order of Dismissal without Prejudice, dated November 19, 2019, pursuant to the mutual settlement of all claims by Richard Halden
 for the matters in Cause No. 352-306721-19, filed in the County Courts at Law in Tarrant County, TX on March 13, 2019. 
 
 10.62 
 
 Agreed
 Order of Dismissal without Prejudice, dated November 26, 2019, pursuant to the mutual settlement of all claims by Greenway Technologies,
 Inc. against Micheal R. Warner et al (the Dissident Shareholders for the matters in Cause No. DC-19-04207, filed in
 the District Court in Dallas County, TX on March 26, 2019. 

- 41 - 

10.63 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement by and between Greenway Technologies, Inc. and PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd, pursuant to that certain Convertible
 Promissory Note executed on January 24, 2020. 
 
 10.64 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note by and between Greenway Technologies, Inc. and PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd., pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase
 Agreement executed on January 24, 2020. 
 
 10.65 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement by and between Greenway Technologies, Inc. and PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd., pursuant to that certain Convertible
 Promissory Note executed on February 12, 2020. 
 
 10.66 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note by and between Greenway Technologies, Inc. and PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd., pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase
 Agreement executed on February 12, 2020. 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-12G on
 August 29, 2013, Commission File Number 000-55030. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Kent Harer, President of Greenway Technologies, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Ransom Jones, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Greenway Technologies, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
 as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Kent Harer, President of Greenway Technologies, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Ransom Jones, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Greenway Technologies, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
 as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Previously filed. 

- 42 - 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: 
 April
 14, 2023 

By 
 /s/
 Kent Harer 

Kent
 Harer, President 

By 
 /s/
 Ransom Jones 

Ransom
 Jones, Chief Financial Officer and 

Principal
 Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Kent Harer 

KENT
 HARER 
 
 Director,
 President 
 
 April
 14, 2023 

/s/
 Michael Wykrent 

MICHAEL
 WYKRENT 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 

/s/
 Ransom Jones 

RANSOM
 JONES 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 

/s/
 Paul Alfano 

PAUL
 ALFANO 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 

/s/
 Raymond Wright 

RAYMOND
 WRIGHT 
 
 Chairman,
 President of Greenway Innovative Energy, Inc. 
 
 April
 14, 2023 

- 43 - 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Greenway
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 - F-22 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Greenway Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Greenway Technologies, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to
the financial statements, the Company had a net loss and net cash used in operating activities of 1,512,692 and 496,654, respectively,
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and a working capital deficit and accumulated deficit of approximately 10,737,576 and 36,278,869,
respectively, as of December 31, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We
did not identify any critical audit matters that need to be communicated. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April
 14, 2023 

also
d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC 

 TAMPA
BAY : 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite 102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 JACKSONVILLE : 4720
Salisbury Road, Suite 223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 ORLANDO:
 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite 300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 SOUTH
FLORIDA : 2000 Banks Road, Suite 218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 www.assurancedimensions.com 

F- 2 

Greenway
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Prepaids
 and other 

Total
 Current Assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Deficit 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses - related parties 

Notes
 payable 

Notes
 payable - related parties - net 

Convertible
 note payable - net 

Advances
 - related parties 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 7) 
 - 

Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Common
 stock - 
 par value, 
 shares authorized 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Common
 stock to be issued 

Subscription
 receivable 
 - 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Deficit 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

Greenway
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating
 expenses 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Research
 and development 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income (expense) 

Interest
 expense 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

Gain
 on debt settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 other income (expense) - net 

Net
 loss 

Loss
 per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average number of shares - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

Greenway
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Additional 
 Common
 Stock 

Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 to
 be 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

December
 31, 2021 

Stock
 issued as debt issue costs 

- 
 - 

Settlement
 of subscription receivable - warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 issued to settle accrued liabilities 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 issued for services 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December
 31, 2022 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

Greenway
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Additional 
 Common
 Stock 

Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 to
 be 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

December
 31, 2020 

Stock
 issued as debt issue costs 

- 
 - 

Stock
 issued for cash 

- 
 - 

Stock
 issued for services 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December
 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

Greenway
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating
 activities 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

Stock
 issued for services 

Gain
 on debt settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase)
 decrease in 

Prepaids
 and other 

Increase
 (decrease) in 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses - related parties 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Financing
 activities 

Proceeds
 from advances - related parties 

Proceeds
 from issuance of note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments
 on notes payable 

Repayments
 on notes payable - related parties 
 - 

Proceeds
 from stock issued for cash 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash
 - beginning of year 

Cash
 - end of year 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Stock
 issued as debt issue costs 

Conversion
 of stockholder advances to notes payable - related parties 

Stock
 issued in settlement of accrued liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Settlement
 of subscription receivable - warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Shares
 issued for promissory note fees 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

GREENWAY
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Liquidity,
Going Concern and Management s Plans 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had: 

Net
 loss of ; and 

Net
 cash used in operations was 

Additionally,
at December 31, 2022, the Company had: 

Accumulated
 deficit of 

Stockholders 
 deficit of ; and 

Working
 capital deficit of 

The
Company has cash on hand of at December 31, 2022. The Company does not expect to generate sufficient revenues or positive cash
flows from operations sufficiently to meet its current obligations. However, the Company may seek to raise debt or equity-based capital
at favorable terms, though such terms are not certain. 

These
factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within the twelve-month period
subsequent to the date that these financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the
realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Management s
strategic plans include the following: 

Execute
 business operations more fully during the year ended December 31, 2023, 

Explore
 and execute prospective strategic and partnership opportunities 

GREENWAY
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

single reportable operating segment.
The Company manages its business on the basis of one operating and reportable segment and derives revenues from selling its product and
related services. 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

(300 of 700 currently owned member units) revenue interest in OPMGE, expected to be later reduced to a 30 interest upon the
completion of certain expected third-party investments for the remaining 300 of 1,000 member units available. However,
Greenway never transferred the G-Reformer to OPMGE, as required by the LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF OPM GREEN ENERGY, LLC.
Accordingly, it defaulted on its obligation under the agreement. Since the Wharton Plant is owned by Mabert, OPMGE was no longer a
viable entity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, there were no assets within OPMGE. Accordingly, the Company s receivable with this
entity is fully reserved for as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

t have any cash equivalents. 

The
Company is exposed to credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents in the event of default by the financial institutions to the extent
account balances exceed the amount insured by the FDIC, which is . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company did
 t have any cash in excess of the insured FDIC limit. 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

derivative liabilities. 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

uncertain tax positions that qualify for either recognition or disclosure in the financial statements. 

The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions in other expense. interest and penalties related
to uncertain income tax positions were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Warrants 
 - 

Potentially
 dilutive equity securities 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Maturity
 date 

Interest
 rate 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Default
 interest rate 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Collateral 

Original
 amount 

1 
 2 
 3 
 Total 
 In-Default 

Total 
 In-Default 

Balance
 - December 31, 2020 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Beginning
 balance 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds 
 - 
 - 

Debt
 discount 
 - 
 - 

Amortization
 of debt discount (interest expense) 
 - 
 - 

Repayments 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

Ending
 balance 

1 in 2019. This note requires semi-annual interest payments. At December 31, 2022,
the note is in default. 

2 in 2019. This note requires (60) monthly installments of each until
paid in full. 

3 and received net proceeds of . The balance of was an original issue discount amortized over the life
of the note. At December 31, 2022, the note is in default. 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

in advances with a Company owned by a stockholder and who is the brother of the
Company s Chief Financial Officer as well as a member of the Board of Directors. 

The
Company also has executed various loans with other stockholders and members of the Board Directors. 

The
notes bear interest ranging from - . As a result, none of the notes payable - related parties are in default. 

Typically,
with each of these notes, the Company has issued shares of common stock, which have been recognized as a debt discount and amortized
over the life of the note. 

During
2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under these arrangements and recoded a corresponding debt discount of . 

During
2021, the Company issued shares of common stock under these arrangements and recorded a corresponding debt discount of . 

Debt
 discount 

Amortization
 of debt discount (interest expense) 

Conversion
 of stockholder advances to notes payable - related parties 

Proceeds 

Repayments 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

Conversion
 of stockholder advances to notes payable - related parties (see Note 6) 

Debt
 discount 

Amortization
 of debt discount (interest expense) 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

Ending
 balance 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Maturity
 date 

Interest
 rate 

Default
 interest rate 

Collateral 

Conversion
 rate 
 /share 

In-Default 

Balance
 - December 31, 2020 

No
 activity in 2021 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

No
 activity in 2022 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

Maturity
 date 

Interest
 rate 

Collateral 

Balance
 - December 31, 2020 

Conversion
 of stockholder advances to notes payable - related parties 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

Proceeds 

Conversion
 of stockholder advances to notes payable - related parties (see Note 4) 

Subscription
 receivable - warrants 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

During
2022, in connection with a settlement, the Company reduced amounts owed to a stockholder for 
with a corresponding reduction to a subscription receivable for warrants. 

. While fully reserved, Greenway vigorously
disputes the total amount claimed. Greenway has asserted counterclaims based upon alleged conflicts of interest, breaches of fiduciary
duty and violations of the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act DTPA ). 

On
November 17, 2021, Greenway and Mr. Reynolds settled the matter agreeing to cash payments from GWTI totaling . During the year
ended December 31, 2022, and upon settlement of the obligation, the Company recorded a gain on legal settlement of . 

On
September 7, 2021, the Company was served with a demand for mediation and potential arbitration by Gregory Sanders, a previous employee
of the Company. The demand claims Mr. Sanders had an employment agreement with the Company entitling him to certain compensation payments
under the contract. No conclusion was met during mediation which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2021 or as of December 31, 2022. Greenway
is confident in its defenses and counterclaims and intends to vigorously defend its interests and prosecute its claims. 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares authorized 
 
 - 
 par value 
 
 - 

Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Stock
Issued as Debt Issue Costs 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the issuance of notes payable related parties. The fair value
of these shares was - /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Stock
Issued for Cash 

The
Company issued 
shares of common stock for 
- /share). Of the total shares issued for cash, were issuable at December 31, 2021. 

Stock
Issued for Settlement of Liabilities 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in settlement of accrued liabilities totaling /share). The fair value
of these shares was based upon the quoted closing trading price. In connection with this settlement, there was no gain or loss on settlement. 

Stock
Issued for Services 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for services rendered, having a fair value of - /share). The fair value
of these shares was based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Stock
to be Issued 

The
Company sold shares of common stock for /share). These shares were issued in January 2023. 

Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Stock
Issued as Debt Issue Costs 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the issuance of notes payable related parties. The fair value
of these shares was /share), based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Stock
Issued for Cash 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for - /share). 

Stock
Issued for Services 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for services rendered, having a fair value of /share). The fair value of
these shares was based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 
 
 Vested
 and Exercisable - December 31, 2020 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled/Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 - December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Vested
 and Exercisable - December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Unvested
 - December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

- 

Outstanding
 - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested
 and Exercisable - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unvested
 and non-exercisable - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

to loss before taxes), are approximately as follows: 

 Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense Benefit 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Federal
 income tax benefit - 21 

Non-deductible
 items 
 
 - 
 
 Subtotal 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Income
 tax benefit 
 - 
 - 

GREENWAY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 
 
 Share
 based payments 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Net
 operating loss carryforwards 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax asset recorded 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are computed by applying the federal and state income tax rates in effect to the gross amounts of temporary
differences and other tax attributes, such as net operating loss carryforwards. In assessing if the deferred tax assets will be realized,
the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of these deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in which these deductible
temporary differences reverse. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the valuation allowance decreased by approximately . The total valuation allowance results
from the Company s estimate of its uncertainty in being unable to recover its net deferred tax assets. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards, which are available to offset future taxable income, of
approximately . The Company is in the process of analyzing their NOL and has not determined if the Company has had any change
of control issues that could limit the future use of these NOL s. 

NOL
carryforwards that were generated after 2017 of approximately may only be used to offset of taxable income and are carried
forward indefinitely. 

These
carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and similar state
provisions if the Company experienced one or more ownership changes which would limit the amount of NOL and tax credit carryforwards
that can be utilized to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382
and 383, results from transactions increasing ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of the corporation by more
than 50 percentage points over a three- year period. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382/383 analysis. If a change in ownership
were to have occurred, NOL and tax credit carryforwards could be eliminated or restricted. 

If
eliminated, the related asset would be removed from the deferred tax asset schedule with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance.
Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by future ownership changes, if any, will not impact the Company s
effective tax rate. 

The
Company files corporate income tax returns in the United States and Texas jurisdictions. Due to the Company s net operating loss
posture, all tax years are open and subject to income tax examination by tax authorities. The Company s policy is to recognize
interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as tax expense. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, there were
 unrecognized tax benefits, and there are no significant accruals for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits or tax penalties. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had t
filed any corporate tax returns since the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company s failure to file penalties are immaterial. 

shares of common stock
for /share). 

 The Company issued shares of common stock
for /share). 

Stock Issued for Services 

The Company issued shares of common stock
to its Chief Financial Officer for services rendered, having a fair value of /share). The fair value of these shares was
based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

F- 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kent Harer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 14, 2023 

/s/
 Kent Harer 

Kent
 Harer, President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ransom Jones, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 14, 2023 

/s/
 Ransom Jones 

Ransom
 Jones, Chief Financial Officer and 
 Principal
 Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies, Inc. for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022,
I, Kent Harer, President and chief executive of Greenway Technologies, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

1.
Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Greenway Technologies, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. 

Date:
 April 14, 2023 

/s/
 Kent Harer 

Kent
 Harer, President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies, Inc. for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022,
I, Ransom Jones, Chief Financial Officer of Greenway Technologies, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

1.
Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Greenway Technologies, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. 

Date:
 April 14, 2023 

/s/
 Ransom Jones 

Ransom
 Jones 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 gwti-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gwti-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 gwti-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gwti-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

