<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230522_10-K_edgar_data_1377149_0001839882-23-013128.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7160578</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264997</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1196351</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2100534</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1585394</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1844689</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001839882-23-013128.hdr.sgml : 20230522
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230519192020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001839882-23-013128
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230522
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230519

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CareView Communications Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001377149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				954659068
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54090
		FILM NUMBER:		23942069

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		405 STATE HIGHWAY 121
		STREET 2:		SUITE B-240
		CITY:			LEWISVILLE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-943-6050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		405 STATE HIGHWAY 121
		STREET 2:		SUITE B-240
		CITY:			LEWISVILLE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75067

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001839882-23-013128.txt : 20230522

10-K
 1
 crvw-10k_123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________________ to _________________ 

Commission
File No.: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Title
 of Each Class 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

OTC
 Markets 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 31(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 (the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately . For purposes of this computation,
all officers, directors, and 10 beneficial owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not
be deemed to be an admission that such officers, directors, or 10 beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 

As
of April 30, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, which is its only class
of common stock. 

1 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS. 
 3 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS. 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS . 
 16 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 24 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 37 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 38 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10K SUMMARY. 
 45 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. These forward- looking statements and other information are based on our beliefs as well as assumptions made
by us using information currently available. 

The
words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, will, 
 should and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such
statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions,
and are not guarantees of future performance. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated,
expected, intended, or using other similar expressions. 

We
are making investors aware that such forward-looking statements, because they relate to future events, are by their very nature
subject to many important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10- K ). Important factors that could cause actual
results to differ from our predictions include those discussed under Risk Factors, Management s Discussion
and Analysis and Business. Although we have sought to identify the most significant risks to our business,
we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any of such risks may be realized, nor can there be any assurance that we have identified
all possible issues which we might face. In addition, assumptions relating to budgeting, marketing, product development and other
management decisions are subjective in many respects and thus susceptible to interpretations and periodic revisions based on actual
experience and business developments, the impact of which may cause us to alter our marketing, capital expenditure or other budgets,
which may in turn affect our financial position and results of operations. For all these reasons, the reader is cautioned not
to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained herein, which speak only as of the date hereof. We assume no responsibility
to update any forward-looking statements because of new information, future events, or otherwise except as required by law. We
urge readers to carefully review the risk factors described in this Annual Report and in the other documents that we file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. You can read these documents at www.sec.gov. 

Where
we say we, us, our, CareView, or the Company refers to CareView
Communications, Inc., a Nevada corporation, originally formed in California on July 8, 1997 under the name Purpose, Inc., changing
our name to Ecogate, Inc. in April 1999, and CareView Communications, Inc. in October 2007. Unless otherwise specified, these
terms also include our wholly owned subsidiaries, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation CareView-TX and CareView Operations, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company CareView Operations ). 

We
maintain a website at www.care-view.com and our Common Stock trades on the OTCQB under the symbol CRVW. 

General 

Company
Overview and Recent Developments 

As
a leader in turnkey patient video monitoring solutions, CareView is redefining the standard of patient safety in hospitals
and healthcare facilities across the country. For over a decade, CareView has relentlessly pursued innovative ways to
increase patient protection, providing next generation solutions that lower operational costs and foster a culture of safety
among patients, staff, and hospital leadership. With installations in more than 150 hospitals, CareView has proven that its
innovative technology is creating a culture of patient safety where patient falls have decreased by 80 with sitter
costs reduced by more than 65 . Anchored by the CareView Patient Safety System , this modular, scalable solution delivers
flexible configurations to fit any facility while significantly increasing patient safety and operational savings. All
configurations feature HD cameras, high-fidelity 2-way audio/video, and LCD displays for the ultimate in capability,
flexibility, and affordability. 

3 

SitterView 
and TeleMedView allows hospital staff to use CareView s high-quality video cameras with pan-tilt-zoom and 2-way video
functionality to observe and communicate with patients remotely. With CareView, hospitals are safely monitoring more patients
while providing a higher level of care by leveraging CareView s patented technology, a portfolio that includes 40 patents.
TeleMedView leverages the CareView Mobile Controller s built-in monitor and can work with the CareView Portable Controller
as well. Usage of SitterView and TeleMedView has increased in response to a growing demand for remote patient monitoring driven
by increasing demands for care and staffing shortages in the healthcare industry. 

The
CareView Patient Safety System enabled virtual nursing workflows for patient observation, companionship, care concierge, and administrative
tasks can ease workloads and improve care delivery. Hybrid patient care, the combination of bedside and virtual care, allows hospitals
to keep nurses working at the top of their licenses and creates flexible and scalable workforce options. CareView s integrations
with existing clinical workflow and patient engagement tools allow providers to access patient rooms virtually from within the
EHR workflow. CareView then becomes the centralized hub for a patient-centric, interconnected virtual care system. 

In
October 2022, CareView received the Innovative Technology Designation. Each year, healthcare experts serving on the member-led
councils for Vizient, Inc. Vizient ), the nation s largest healthcare performance improvement company, review
select products and technologies for their potential to enhance clinical care, patient safety, healthcare worker safety or to
improve business operations of healthcare organizations. Vizient s diverse membership and customer base includes academic
medical centers, pediatric facilities, community hospitals, integrated health delivery networks, and non-acute health care providers,
and represents more than 130 billion in annual purchase volume. Technology designations are awarded to previously contracted
products to signal to healthcare providers the impact of these innovations on patient care and business models of healthcare organizations. 

Current
Products and Services 

CareView
Patient Safety System 

Our
CareView Patient Safety System provides innovative ways to increase patient protection, provides advanced solutions that lower
operational costs, and helps hospitals foster a culture of safety among patients, staff, and hospital leadership. We understand
the importance of providing high quality patient care in a safe environment and believe in partnering with hospitals to improve
the quality of patient care and safety by providing a system that monitors continuously. We are committed to providing an affordable
video monitoring tool to improve the practice of nursing, create a better work environment and make the patient s hospital
stay more satisfying. Our suite of products and services can simplify and streamline the task of preventing and managing patients 
falls, enhance patient safety, improve quality of care, and reduce costs. Our products and services can be used in all types of
hospitals, nursing homes, adult living centers, and selected outpatient care facilities domestically and internationally. 

The
CareView Patient Safety System includes CareView s SitterView, providing a clear picture of up to 40 patients at once, allowing
staff to intervene and document patient risks more quickly. SitterView features intuitive decision support pathway, guiding staff
alarm response and pan- tilt-zoom functionality, allowing staff to home in on areas of interest. CareView s new Analytics
Dashboard provides real-time metrics on utilization, compliance, and outcome data by day, week, month, and quarter. Outcomes are
automatically compared to organizational goals to evaluate real-time ROI. 

4 

CareView s
next generation of in-room camera, the CareView Controller, features an HD camera, high- fidelity 2-way audio, and an LCD
display, harnessing increased performance to deliver the ultimate in capability, flexibility, and affordability for
all types of hospitals. Building on top of CareView s patented Virtual Bed Rails and Virtual Chair Rails predictive
technology, the CareView Controller uses machine learning to differentiate between normal patient movements and behaviors of
a patient at risk. This technology results in less false alarms, faster staff intervention, and a significant reduction in
patient falls. 

The
CareView Controller is available in multiple configurations for permanent or temporary situations with the CareView Mobile, Portable,
and Fixed Controller. For situations that demand that the camera come to the patient, the CareView Mobile Controller on wheels
comes with an uninterrupted external power supply for situations where power may not be readily available and can operate on the
facility s wireless network. For monitoring patients within a general care unit, the CareView Portable Controller can be
easily removed from mounts and moved where the workflow dictates, making this application perfect for general use. For high-risk
patient rooms where behavior and self-harm may be a factor, or where a patient must be continuously monitored, the CareView Fixed
Controller can be installed seamlessly in the ceiling tiles leaving no exposed wiring making it ligature resistant. 

The
CareView Patient Safety System can be easily configured to meet the individual privacy and security requirements of any hospital
or nursing facility. CareView is compliant with the Health Insurance Portability And Accountability Act HIPAA and certified by HITRUST. Additional HIPAA-compliant features allow privacy options to be enabled at any time by the patient,
nurse, or physician. 

CareView
Patient Safety System Products and Services Agreement with Healthcare Facilities 

CareView s
subscription-based model is offered to healthcare facilities through a Products and Services Agreement (the P S Agreement(s) ).
During the term of the P S Agreement, we provide continuous monitoring of the CareView Patient Safety System products and
services deployed to a healthcare facility and maintain and service all equipment installed by us. Under the subscription-based
model, terms of each P S Agreement require the healthcare facility to pay us a monthly fee based on the number of selected,
installed, and activated services. None of the services provided through the Primary Package are paid or reimbursed by any third-party
provider including insurance companies, Medicare, or Medicaid. We also enter into corporate-wide agreements with healthcare companies
(the Master Agreement(s) ), wherein the healthcare companies enter into individual facility level agreements that
are substantially like our P S Agreements. 

Master
Agreements and P S Agreements are currently negotiated for a period of three years with a provision for automatic renewal
until cancellation. P S Agreements specific to pilot programs P S Pilot Agreements contain pricing terms
substantially like P S Agreements, are generally three or six-months in length and can be extended on a month-to-month basis
as required. Regarding the subscription-based model, we own all rights, title, and interest in and to the equipment we install
at each location and agree to maintain and repair it; although, we may charge for repairs or replacements due to damage or misuse.
We are not responsible for maintaining data arising from use of the CareView Patient Safety System or for transmission errors,
corruption or compromise of data carried over local or interchange telecommunication carriers. We grant each healthcare facility
a limited, revocable, non-transferable, and nonexclusive license to use the software, network facilities, content, and documentation
on and in the CareView Patient Safety System to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to access, explore and otherwise
use the CareView Patient Safety System in real time. Such non-exclusive license expires upon termination of the P S Agreement. 

We
use specific terminology to better define and track the staging and billing of the individual components of the CareView
Patient Safety System. The CareView Patient Safety System includes three components which are separately billed; the CareView
Controller (previously known as RCP), the CareView SitterView Monitor, and the CareView Application Server (each component
referred to as a unit ). The term bed refers to each healthcare facility bed as part of the
overall potential volume that a healthcare facility represents. For example, if a healthcare facility has 200 beds, the
aggregate of those beds is the overall potential volume of that healthcare facility. The term bed is often used
interchangeably with CareView Controller as this component of the CareView Patient Safety System consistently
resides within each room where the bed is located. On average, there are six SitterView Monitors for
each 100 beds. The term deployed means that the units have been delivered to the healthcare facility but have
not yet been installed at their respective locations within the facility. The term installed means that the
units have been mounted and are operational. The term billable refers to the aggregate of all units on which we
charge fees. Units become billable once they are installed and the required personnel have been trained in their use. Units
are only deployed upon the execution of a P S Agreement or P S Pilot Agreement. 

5 

CareView
Patent Safety System Sales-Based Model 

CareView s
sales-based model introduced our updated technology. CareView has also aligned its contracting model to meet the preferred acquisition
model in the hospital industry. CareView now sells its proprietary equipment to facilities in lieu of lending the equipment as
defined under the subscription-based model. In doing so, the facility is billed for the hardware on acceptance of the contract.
After CareView s equipment is delivered to the facility, CareView begins the process of installing and securely integrating
the equipment and software. Upon completion of installation, training, and go-live referring to all systems in
full operation, CareView bills the facility for the installation, training, and an annual software license fee. CareView will
continue to bill the facility an annual software license fee until end of the contract. The shift in our new contracting model
has an immediate impact on the Company s operations resulting in greater cash flow within 30 days of contract signing. 

CareView
continues its dedication to provide service and support on a 24x7x365 basis for every customer under the prior and updated revenue
models. 

CareView
Connect 

Our
mission is to be the leading provider of resident monitoring products and services for the long-term care industry. We took what
we learned in our medical facility business and applied it to developing a product to serve the long-term care market. With CareView
Connect Quality of Life System CareView Connect ), CareView has again positioned itself as a technology leader
with its innovative suite of products specifically designed for all aspects of the long-term care market, including Nursing Care,
Home Care, Assisted Living and Independent Living. 

With
this mission in mind, in the second quarter of 2018, the Company introduced a new sensor product that has application in both
the assisted living center market and the home health market. CareView Connect leverages both passive and active sensors to track
the activities of daily life. CareView Connect provides peace of mind by using data from the resident s activity, existing
conditions, and environment to notify a caregiver of potential emergencies and identify the need for dignified support. CareView
Connect consists of a small emergency assist button, two motion sensors, one sleep sensor, and one event sensor. Resident activity
levels, medication administration, sleep patterns, and requests for assistance can all be monitored depending on which options
are selected. 

The
skilled nursing home market consists of approximately 2,000,000 beds, which is double the size of the current hospital/healthcare
facility bed market. The assisted living center market is even larger at approximately 3,000,000 beds. Our products flow naturally
into the nursing home space as it is substantially the same setting as hospital rooms. 

CareView
Connect is a platform consisting of several products and applications targeted at improving level of care and efficiency. CareView
built a cohesive and tightly integrated solution that solves several problems that long-term care facilities face. We offer an
array of wearable and stationary buttons that allow a resident to summon help either for an emergency or assistance, which can
be anything from toileting help to assistance putting on their shoes. We offer a mobile app capable of delivering an alert to
the caregiver and allows them to document information around that alert, including how long before the alert was handled, what
was the cause of the alert, and if it was not acknowledged in a timely manner then the alert is escalated to another individual
or group. This ensures that every alert is responded to in a timely manner and is verifiable. 

6 

Alert
Management and Monitoring System 

CareView
Connect provides a suite of hardware and software that facilitate a data-driven solution for alert management and monitoring.
CareView Connect s solution provides additional context, including location of the resident, which improves response time
by the staff. The alert system includes a documentation platform that allows the facility s staff to classify reason for
alerts and provides metrics around response time. CareView Connect s solution involves several passive sensors that monitor
the resident. 

Caregiver
Platform 

The
caregiver platform includes a Leave of Absence component, which allows the facility to document when the resident
is outside of their room for a duration of time. This information is incorporated with known data from the workflows and sensors
to improve awareness. The Caregiver Connect mobile application provides a convenient and intuitive interface to the CareView Connect
platform. The caregiver can use the mobile app to capture important information and interface with critical workflows, such as
acknowledging and documenting alert presses by the resident. CareView Connect also provides a product focused on capturing and
measuring the mental state and pain experienced by the resident. How are you feeling today? provides a convenient
way to capture information about the mental state of the resident using emojis. Similarly, What is your pain today? 
allows the staff to categorize and document pain. Connect Resident is a tablet application intended for the resident s direct
use. This product currently supports video conferencing with a remote caregiver, becoming a communications conduit for telehealth.
Connect Resident also supports How are you feeling today? , which allows the resident to submit this information
directly. 

Quality
of Life Metrics 

CareView
developed its own algorithm for measuring quality of life based on best of breed research and leveraging the data
collected by the platform. CareView Connect s Quality of Life Metrics focuses on several categories, including Physical
Activity, Bodily Pain, General Health, Vitality, Social Interaction, Mental Health, and Sleep Quality. Leveraging this data, the
facility and their staff have improved visibility into the health and well- being of their residents. By applying machine learning
and predictive analytics, subtle patterns and trends that may not otherwise be visible become actionable. The facility can use
this information to present a more compassionate and capable level of care, differentiating the facility from their competition.
The Quality of Life Metrics information can be made available to the family and loved ones, opening a new channel of remote awareness
and care. Because the information is collected automatically, the family gains awareness on issues of which their loved ones may
normally be unaware. The Connect Family mobile application allows family members to monitor their loved one and receive alerts
and notifications based on their preferences. 

Pricing
Structure and Revenue Streams 

The
CareView Connect suite of products and services offers multiple pricing models. We work with each facility on pricing to offer
an affordable package based on the demographics of the residents of the facility. The pricing structure with each facility is
negotiated separately. Typically, we offer the CareView Connect basic package at a price per monitored room with varying price
structures based on number of sensors and number of residents in each facility. 

Purchasing
Agreement with Decisive Point Consulting Group, LLC 

On
February 2, 2021, we partnered with Decisive Point Consulting Group, a Department of Veterans Affairs Contractor Verification
Enterprise (CVE) and a Verified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), to expand our reach within the VA hospitals
and Community Living Centers space. Our partnership reflects our desire to collaborate with companies that share our vision of
patient safety. The Company is continuing to use this partnership to contract with VA hospitals and VA Community Living Centers CLCs ). 

7 

Indefinite
Delivery Indefinite Quality (IDIQ) Contract 

On
September 10, 2021, the Company entered an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quality IDIQ contract for Telecare Services
with Shore Systems and Solutions, LLC S3 ). The award provides S3 with a path to providing the CareView Patient
Safety System to veterans and their families receiving care at the 1,293 Veterans Health Administration VHA facilities
across the United States and Territories. 

General
Service Administration Multiple Award Schedule 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Company s General Service Administration GSA Multiple Award Schedule contract MAS ),
the MAS allows us to sell the CareView Patient Safety System at a negotiated rate to the approximate 169 United States Department
of Veterans Affairs VA facilities with over 39,000 licensed beds and the approximate 42 DOD hospitals with over
2,600 licensed beds. The sales-based contracting model was added to the MAS, which allows us to sell the proprietary hardware
and license the software on an annualized basis. The MAS is one of the most widely accepted government contract vehicles available
to agency procurement officers. GSA s application process requires potential vendors to be recognized as highly credible
and well established. CareView is a sole source provider. Our products and services represent an enormous opportunity to improve
the health and safety of our Nation s veterans. 

Group
Purchasing Agreement with HealthTrust Purchasing Group, LP 

On
December 14, 2016, the Company entered a Group Purchasing Agreement with HealthTrust Purchasing Group, L.P. HealthTrust (the HealthTrust GPO Agreement ), the nation s only committed-model Group Purchasing Organization GPO headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee. HealthTrust serves approximately 1,600 acute care facilities and members in more than 26,000
other locations, including ambulatory surgery centers, physician practices, long-term care, and alternate care sites. The agreement
was effective on January 1, 2017 and all CareView Patient Safety System components and modules are available for purchase by HealthTrust s
exclusive membership. HealthTrust members may order CareView s products and services included in the agreement directly
from CareView. 

On
October 1, 2018, the Company added CareView Connect to the HealthTrust GPO Agreement. 

On
November 1, 2020, the sales-based model was added to the HealthTrust GPO Agreement which allows us to sell the proprietary hardware
and license the software on an annualized basis. On December 1, 2021, the HealthTrust GPO Agreement was renewed for another 3
year term. We continue to work with HealthTrust members to increase and expand our contracts. 

Group
Purchasing Agreement with Premier, Inc. 

On
June 8, 2022, the Company entered a Group Purchasing Agreement with Premier, Inc. Premier ), headquartered in Charlotte,
N.C. Premier is a leading healthcare improvement company, uniting an alliance of more than 4,400 U.S. hospitals and health systems
and approximately 225,000 other providers and organizations to transform healthcare. The agreement was effective on June 15, 2022
and all Gen 5 CareView Patient Safety System components and modules are available for purchase by Premier s exclusive membership.
Premier members may order CareView s products and services included in the agreement directly from CareView. We are continuing
to execute new contracts through our relationship with Premier. 

Group
Purchasing Agreement with Vizient 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company entered into a Group Purchasing Agreement with Vizient, the nation s largest healthcare performance
improvement company. See Note 12 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Summary
of Product and Service of Sales-Based Contracts 

Our
contracts typically include multiple combinations of our products, software solutions, and related services with multiple payment
options. Customers can continue to lease our equipment under our subscription model or can purchase our equipment upfront under
our sales-based contract model with an auto-renewal at the end of each contract period. The sales-based contract model offers
our customers the flexibility of capitalizing on their investment, which in turn, replenishes our cash reserves. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company executed sales-based contracts in the aggregate of 4,309,000 and 5,600,000, respectively. 

Availability
of Suppliers 

We
are not dependent on, nor do we expect to become dependent on, any one or a limited number of suppliers. We purchase parts and
components to assemble our equipment and products. We do not manufacture or fabricate our own products or systems but rely on
sub-suppliers and third-party vendors to procure and/or fabricate components based on our designs, engineering, and specifications.
Along with our employee installers, we enter subcontracts for field installation of our products which we supervise. We manage
all technical, physical, and commercial aspects of the performance of our contracts with sub-suppliers and third-party vendors.
To date, we have experienced no difficulties in obtaining fabricated components, materials, and parts or in identifying qualified
subcontractors for installation work. 

Sales,
Marketing and Customer Service 

We
do not consider our business to be seasonal; however, the availability of hospital staff is typically less available in December
which impacts our ability to sell/install our CareView Patient Safety System. We generate sales leads through a variety of means
including direct one-to-one marketing, email and web campaigns, customer and industry referrals, strategic partnerships, and trade
shows and events. Our sales team consists of highly trained professionals with many years of experience in the healthcare market. 

Our
initial focus has been to pursue large for-profit hospital management companies that own multiple facilities and large not-for-profit
integrated delivery networks in major metropolitan areas. Our sales staff approaches decision makers for hospitals, integrated
delivery networks, and major owners and operators of hospitals to demonstrate the CareView product line. Our sales process includes
an inside sales team and we have expanded our capabilities of providing web-based demonstrations and presentations. We also have
begun to rely more heavily on arranging reference calls and site visits between our current customers and our prospects. These
efforts have provided a higher volume of qualified sales leads and have resulted in more substantive conversations with a larger
number of prospects. 

We
ensure high levels of customer service through our account representatives and our technical support processes. We attempt to
position our account representatives geographically close to our customer hospitals to allow them to make regular visits to proactively
train staff and address any issues. We offer 24/7 monitoring and phone support through our technical support team which allows
us to quickly identify and resolve any technical issues. From time to time, we are called upon to service the installed hardware
at customer facilities. To facilitate expedient service, our account representatives typically maintain a small supply of CareView
Controllers should they need repair or replacement. Historically, our CareView Controllers and Nursing Station units have required
little, if any, servicing. We believe that we handle requests quickly and efficiently, and that overall, our customers are satisfied
with our level of service. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain patents, maintain trade secret protection and operate without infringing the
proprietary rights of others. Our intellectual property portfolio is one of the means by which we attempt to protect our competitive
position. We rely primarily on a combination of know-how, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and contractual restrictions to
protect our products and to maintain our competitive position. We are constantly seeking ways to protect our intellectual property
through registrations in relevant jurisdictions. 

9 

We
have received patents from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and have numerous patents pending. We intend to file additional
patent applications when appropriate; however, we may not file any such applications or, if filed, the patents may not be issued.
We also have numerous registered trademarks. 

We
intend to aggressively prosecute, enforce, and defend our patents, trademarks, and proprietary technology. The loss, by expiration
or otherwise, of any one patent may have a material effect on our business. Defense and enforcement of our intellectual property
rights can be expensive and time consuming, even if the outcome is favorable to us. It is possible that the patents issued to
or licensed to us will be successfully challenged, that a court may find that we are infringing validly issued patents of third
parties, or that we may have to alter or discontinue the development of our products or pay licensing fees to consider patent
rights of third parties. 

Joint
Venture Agreement with Rockwell Holdings I, LLC 

On
November 16, 2009, we entered into a Master Investment Agreement (the Rockwell Agreement with Rockwell Holdings
I, LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability Rockwell ). Under the terms of the Rockwell Agreement, we used funds from
Rockwell to fully implement the CareView Patient Safety System in Hillcrest Medical Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma Hillcrest and Saline Memorial Hospital in Benton, Arkansas Saline (the Project Hospital(s) ). CareView-Hillcrest,
LLC and CareView-Saline, LLC were created as the operating entities for the Project Hospitals under the Rockwell Agreement (the
 Project LLC(s) ). 

On
January 31, 2017, under the terms of the Rockwell Agreement, wherein we have the option to purchase Rockwell s interest
in the Project LLCs, we exercised that right by entering into a Settlement and LLC Interest Purchase Agreement with Rockwell (the
 Settlement Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, we paid Rockwell the aggregate amount of 1,213,786
by the issuance of a promissory note to Rockwell for 1,113,786 (the Rockwell Note and a cash payment of 100,000.
Pursuant to the terms of the Rockwell Note, we will make quarterly principal payments of 100,000, with each payment being made
on the last day of each calendar quarter beginning with the first payment date of March 31, 2017 and continuing the last business
day of each subsequent calendar quarter through September 30, 2019. The final payment due on December 31, 2019 was to be a balloon
payment of 13,786 representing the remaining principal balance plus all accrued and unpaid interest. The Company entered an amendment
(the Rockwell Note Amendment to the Company s Promissory Note to Rockwell Holdings I, LLC Rockwell dated as of January 31, 2017 (the Rockwell Note ), pursuant to which Rockwell agreed to defer 50,000 of each 100,000
quarterly payment due under the Rockwell Note from January 1, 2018 through the present termination of the Modification Period.
On December 31, 2019, the Company and Rockwell entered a Second Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Second Rockwell Note
Amendment pursuant to which Rockwell agreed to extend the term of the Rockwell Note by one year, to December 31, 2020,
and agreed to extend the time to make the quarterly payment that would otherwise be due on December 31, 2019 to January 31, 2020. 

Effective
as of January 31, 2020, the Company and Rockwell entered a Third Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Third Rockwell Note
Amendment ), pursuant to which Rockwell agreed to extend the time to make the quarterly payment that would otherwise be
due on December 31, 2019 from January 31, 2020 to February 10, 2020. The final balloon payment representing the remaining principal
plus all accrued and unpaid interest is due on December 31, 2020. 

Effective
as of March 31, 2020, the Company and Rockwell entered a Fourth Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Fourth Rockwell Note
Amendment ), pursuant to which Rockwell agreed to extend the time to make the quarterly payment that would otherwise be
due on March 31, 2020 to April 16, 2020. 

10 

Effective
as of December 31, 2020, the Company and Rockwell entered a Fifth Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Fifth Rockwell
Note Amendment ), pursuant to which Rockwell agreed to extend the term of the Rockwell Note by one year, to December
31, 2021, and agreed to extend the time to make the quarterly payment that would otherwise be due on December 31, 2020 to
March 31,2021. The final balloon payment representing the remaining principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest is
due on December 31, 2020. We have evaluated the Fifth Amendment to the Rockwell Note under ASC 470 and determined that the
amendment should be treated as a debt modification. We were not in default of any conditions under the Settlement Agreement
and the Rockwell Note as amended as of December 31, 2020. 

Effective
as of November 30, 2021, the Company and Rockwell entered into a Sixth Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Sixth Rockwell
Note Amendment ), pursuant to which Rockwell agreed to extend the term of the Rockwell Note by three months, to March 31,
2022, and agreed that the quarterly principal payment that would otherwise be due on December 31, 2021, will not be required to
be made until March 31, 2022. 

As
additional consideration to Rockwell for entering into the Rockwell Agreement, we granted Rockwell Warrants to purchase 1,151,206
shares of our Common Stock on the date of the Rockwell Agreement, and, using the Black-Scholes Model, valued the Warrants at 1,124,728
(the Project Warrant ), which amount was fully amortized at December 31, 2015. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement
Agreement, the expiration date of the Project Warrant was extended from November 16, 2017 to November 16, 2023. All other provisions
of the Project Warrant remained unchanged. At the time of the extension, the Project Warrant were revalued resulting in a 11,512
increase in fair value, which has been recorded as non-cash costs included in general and administration expense in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017. Effective February 2, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the
PDL Modification Agreement, we entered an amendment to the Project Warrant wherein the Project Warrant s exercise price
was changed from 0.52 to 0.05, resulting in a 13,814 increase in fair value, this transaction was recorded as non-cash costs
included in general and administration expense in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

On March
31, 2022, the Rockwell Note was paid off. 

Installation
and Technical Support 

Along
with our employee installers and technical support staff, we provide installation and technical support for our customers through
third-party providers located across the United States that we contract on a per-job basis. 

Competition 

We
offer a unique solution to clinical video monitoring, sitter reduction, and fall prevention by leveraging our patented Virtual
Bed Rails and Virtual Chair Rails technology. This technology allows an individual to watch more patients with a higher level
of safety than they could without. We have competitors in clinical video monitoring; however, we believe that we offer a superior
solution that provides for best ROI, reduction in patient falls, and reduction in sitter requirements. We compete with them based
on price, engineering and technological expertise, knowledge, and the quality of our products, systems, and services. Additionally,
we believe that the successful performance of our installed products and systems is a key factor in retaining current business
and gaining new business as customers typically prefer to make significant purchases from a company with a solid performance history. 

Clinical
Video Monitoring and Fall Prevention : Cisco Systems, Inc., Avasure (a division of AvaSure Holdings, Inc.), Caregility, Royal
Philips Electronics and Cerner Corporation all provide clinical video monitoring tools. Cisco offers Virtual Patient Observation,
a video monitoring tool aimed at reducing sitter costs and preventing patient falls. AvaSure and Caregility offer a similar application
using cameras mounted on a rolling camera stand, aimed at preventing patient falls. Philips offers the eICU product, which primarily
targets a high-definition monitoring of patients in intensive-care applications and provides telephonic consults. Cerner offers
the Cerner Patient Observer product, which uses depth sensors aimed at preventing patient falls. 

Alternative
fall prevention mechanisms include physical sensors manufactured by Stanley and Posey, and beds which include fall alarms manufactured
by Stryker and Hill-Rom. Customers may consider these physical fall prevention mechanisms to be alternatives to a video-based
fall prevention system such as the one we offer. 

11 

We
believe we also compete based on the success of our products and services which provide our customers with: 

significant
 and tangible cost savings, 

reductions
in patient falls, 

improved
documentation, quality, and timeliness of patient care, 

enhanced
safety and security for patients and facilities, 

support
for new technologies, 

business
growth, 

return
on investment, and 

enhanced
patient satisfaction. 

We
are currently unable to predict what competitive impact any regulatory development and advances in technology will have on our
future business and results of operations. We believe our success depends upon our ability to maintain and enhance the performance,
content, and reliability of our products in response to the evolving demands of the industry and any competitive products that
may emerge. We cannot give assurances that we will be able to do so successfully or that any enhancements or new products that
we introduce will gain acceptance in the marketplace. If we are not successful or if our products are not accepted, we could lose
potential customers to our competitors. 

Major
Customers 

During
2022, one customer, accounted for 12 of our revenue. During 2021, there were no major customers who accounted
for more than 10 of our revenue. 

Backlog 

Our
estimated backlog is driven by signed Master Agreements and P S Agreements . Each Master and P S Agreement
establishes the rates that we will charge for the use of our products and services as well as an approximate number of
billable units that will be installed. Our Controllers, Nursing Stations and mobile devices are billed on a per unit basis.
Although our Master and P S Agreements are for three years, they continue in perpetuity on a monthly basis thereafter
until cancelled. Backlog of sales-based contracts, which covers the non- cancellable period, as of December 31, 2022 is
approximately 3,550,000, of which approximately 1,494,000 is expected to be billed during 2023. Most of the current backlog
will have future value as the Master and P S Agreements continue beyond the three years and the Master and P S
Agreements move toward expiration and potential renewal. The amount of the non-cancellable sales-based backlog to be billed
beyond December 31, 2023 is approximately 2,056,000. For the monthly subscription-based contracts, the monthly amount to be
billed as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 277,000 under contract and 57,500 month to month. We do not foresee
any more monthly subscription cancellations in 2023 for a total annual subscription billable of approximately 4,014,000. 

Government
Approval 

Neither
our Company nor our products are subject to government approval beyond required Federal Communication Commission FCC certifications. Certain medical devices and applications may be subject to Section 510(k) of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetics Act,
which regulates the ability of medical device manufacturers to market their devices. CareView has reviewed the requirements for
registration, and at the current time, we do not believe that our suite of applications is subject to 510(k) regulation. Although
the parameters of our CareView Patient Safety System products and services complies with HIPAA as far as use by health care providers,
CareView itself, as the manufacturer and installer of the units, is not subject to HIPAA regulations. We do not know of any other
privacy laws that affect our business as we are not in control of, nor do we keep, patient medical records in our possession.
We are unaware of any probable government regulations that may affect our business in the future. We have received Underwriters
Laboratories UL and FCC approval on our products. Additionally, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services
does not pay or reimburse any party for use of our products and services. 

12 

Environmental
Laws 

Our
Company and our products are not affected by any federal, state, or local environmental laws; therefore, we have reserved no funds
for compliance purposes. 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we employed 56 people on a full-time basis, two of whom are executive officers. None of our employees are covered
by collective bargaining agreements and we have never experienced a major work stoppage, strike, or dispute. We consider our relationship
with our employees to be outstanding. 

Reports
to Security Holders 

We
are subject to the requirements of Section 13(a) under the Exchange Act which requires us to file annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and we are required to comply with all other obligations of the
Exchange Act applicable to issuers filing registration statements pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. You may read
and copy any materials we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference
Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information filed electronically with the SEC at https:// www.sec.gov . 

You
may obtain a copy, free of charge, of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10- Q, and current reports on
Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the SEC. You may obtain these reports by making a request
in writing addressed to Steven G. Johnson, Chief Executive Officer, CareView Communications, Inc., 405 State Highway 121, Suite
B-240, Lewisville, TX 75067, or by downloading these reports and further information about our company on our website at http://www.careview.com. 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all our officers and directors and a Code of Ethics for Financial Executives.
These codes are available for download on our website or may be obtained free of charge by making a request in writing to Steven
G. Johnson, as indicated hereinabove. 

Domain
Names 

The
Company maintains a website at www.care-view.com. 

ITEM
 1A. RISK
 FACTORS . 

We
are a smaller reporting company, and as such, are not required to provide information pursuant to this item. 

ITEM
 1B. UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 

N/A. 

ITEM
 2. PROPERTIES. 

On
September 8, 2009, we entered into a Commercial Lease Agreement (the Lease for 10,578 square feet of office
and warehouse space. On March 4, 2020, we entered into a Fourth Amendment to Commercial Lease Agreement (the Lease
Extension ), wherein we extended the Lease through August 31, 2025. The Lease Extension contains a renewal provision
under which we may renew the Lease for an additional five-year period under the same terms and conditions. We believe
that these premises are adequate and sufficient for our current needs. 

13 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

ITEM
 4. MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 

N/A. 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
 OF EQUITY SECURITIES . 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is traded on the Over-the Counter Quotation Board OTCQB as provided by OTC Market Group, Inc., under
the symbol CRVW. 

Holders 

Records of our stock transfer
agent indicate that as of April 30, 2023 we had approximately 94 record holders of our Common Stock. The number of registered
shareholders excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of shares of our Common Stock held in street
name. We estimate that there are approximately 861 beneficial shareholders who hold their shares in street name. 

14 

Securities Authorized for Issuance
under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of December 31, 2022, the following table shows the number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options
under equity compensation plans approved by our shareholders, which plans do not provide for the issuance of warrants or other
rights. 

Plan Category 
 Number
of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options (b) 
 Number
of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column
(a) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plan approved by security holders: 2007 Plan 

Equity compensation plan approved by security holders: 2009 Plan 
 3,774,444 
 0.52 

Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders: 2015 Plan 
 3,773,500 
 0.29 
 580,055 
 
 Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders: 2016 Plan 
 16,392,850 
 0.06 
 942,269 
 
 Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders: 2020 Plan 
 9,058,683 
 0.04 
 5,512,643 
 
 Total 
 32,999,477 
 0.13 
 7,034,967 

15 

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities 

On
November 14, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain
purchasers (the Investors ), which provided for the sale of 250,000 of common stock of the Company, par value 0.001
per share (the Shares ), at a cash purchase price of 0.10 per share. All the shares were purchased by current members
of the Company s Board of Directors. 

The
Shares were offered and sold exclusively to accredited investors in a transaction not involving a public offering, pursuant to
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Investors represented their intentions
to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and
appropriate legends were placed upon the Shares issued in the transaction. The offer and sale of the securities were made without
any general solicitation or advertising. 

Cancellation and Expiration
of Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, options to purchase an aggregate of 175,000 shares of our Common Stock were cancelled due to
resignation and termination of employees of which 175,000 were made available for reissue. In addition, during the same period,
options to purchase an aggregate of 471,500 shares of our Common Stock expired. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the information set forth under our consolidated financial
statements and the notes to those financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from
those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. 

Going Concern, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 

Accounting
standards require management to evaluate whether the Company can continue as a going concern for a period of one year after the
date of the filing of this Form 10-K evaluation period ). In evaluating the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern, Management considers the conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months after the Company issues its financial statements. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, Management considers the Company s current financial condition and liquidity sources, including current
funds available, forecasted future cash flows, and the Company s conditional and unconditional obligations due before May
20, 2024. 

The
Company is subject to risks like those of healthcare technology companies whereby revenues are generated based on both a sales-based
and subscription-based business model such as dependence on key individuals, uncertainty of product development, generation of
revenues, positive cash flow, dependence on outside sources of capital, risks associated with research, development, and successful
testing of its products, successful protection of intellectual property, ability to maintain and grow its customer base, and susceptibility
to infringement on the proprietary rights of others. The attainment of profitable operations is dependent on future events, including
obtaining adequate financing to fulfill the Company s growth and operating activities and generating a level of revenues
adequate to support the Company s cost structure. 

16 

The Company has experienced net losses and significant cash outflows from
cash used in operating activities over the past years. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 203,932,000 a loss from operations of approximately 1,270,000, net cash used in operating activities of (146,823)
and an ending cash balance of 520,166. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had an operating net working capital of 598,978, which
is accounts receivable plus inventory minus accounts payable. Management has evaluated the significance of the conditions described
above in relation to the Company s ability to meet its obligations and concluded that, without additional funding, the Company
will not have sufficient funds to meet its obligations within one year from the date the consolidated financial statements were
issued. While management will look to continue funding operations by increased sales volumes and raising additional capital from
sources such as sales of its debt or equity securities or loans to meet operating cash requirements, there is no assurance that
management s plans will be successful. 

Management
continues to monitor the immediate and future cash flow needs of the Company in a variety of ways which include forecasted net cash flows
from operations, capital expenditure control, new inventory orders, debt modifications, increase sales outreach, streamlining and controlling
general and administrative costs, competitive industry pricing, sale of equities, debt conversions, new product or services offerings,
and new business partnerships. 

The
Company s net losses, cash outflows, and working capital deficit raise doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern 12 months from the date the financial statements are issued. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery
of the Company s assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. A successful transition to
attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of positive cash flows adequate to support the Company s
cost structure. 

Operating loss was approximately 1,270,000 and 1,147,000 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our net loss was approximately 6,042,000 and 10,080,000 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The following is a summary of cash flow activity for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, (000 s) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (370 
 678 
 
 Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (5 
 (227 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 236 
 (150 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash 
 (139 
 301 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 
 659 
 358 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 520 
 659 

Net decrease in cash during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 139,000. The principal
use of cash in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was to fund our current expenses primarily related to
research and development activities and administrative changes, adjusted for non-cash items. The change in cash flows used in operating
activities between 2022 and 2021 of approximately (825,000) is primarily a result of cessation of non-PDL interest accruals effective
for December 31, 2021 and its actual cancellation on December 30, 2022 along with associated warrants. The change in cash flows
used in investing activities between 2022 and 2021 of approximately 260,000 is primarily a result of the reduction of purchases
and installation of CareView Patient Safety Systems and costs associated with patents and trademarks. The change in cash flows
provided by financing activities between 2022 and 2021 of approximately 124,000 is primarily due to much lower notes payable paid
in 2022. 

17 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a consent and agreement to cancel and exchange existing notes and issue
replacement notes and cancel interest and warrants with all note holders except for the PDL BioPharma, Inc. investors. The
Cancellation Agreement provided for the cancellation of all debt with non-PDL investors totaling 39,200,00 in principal and
 48,176,172.11 in interest for a total aggregate outstanding amount of 87,376,172 along with warrants for the purchase of
14,204,807 shares of common stock. The Replacement Notes have a maturity date of December 31, 2023 and are non-interest
bearing. A consideration of 5,000,000 was negotiated on the Replacement Notes held by HealthCor Hybrid and HealthCor
Partners. The aggregate principal amount for the issuance of the Replacement Notes was 44,200,000. 

Results of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year
ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

(000 s) 

Revenue, gross 
 7,901 
 7,802 
 99 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Network operations 
 2,572 
 2,603 
 (31 
 
 General and administration 
 3,344 
 3,226 
 118 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 781 
 550 
 231 
 
 Research and development 
 1,639 
 1,711 
 (72 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 589 
 680 
 (91 
 
 Cost of equipment 
 246 
 179 
 67 
 
 Operating expenses 
 9,171 
 8,949 
 222 
 
 Operating loss 
 (1,270 
 (1,147 
 123 

Revenue, net 

Revenue increased approximately
 99,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in revenue results from the
increase in our sales-based contracts. 

Operating Expenses 

Our principal operating costs include
the following items as a percentage of total expense. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Human resource costs, including benefits and non-cash compensation 
 57 
 56 
 
 Professional and consulting costs 
 9 
 8 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 6 
 7 
 
 Other product deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment costs 
 3 
 4 
 
 Travel and entertainment expense 
 3 
 3 
 
 Cost of equipment 
 2 
 2 
 
 Other expenses 
 20 
 20 

18 

Operating expenses increased by approximately 222,000
(or 2.48 as a result of the following items: 

(000 s) 

Human resource costs, including benefits and non-cash compensation 
 74 
 
 Professional and consulting costs 
 51 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 (96 
 
 Other product deployment costs, excluding human
 resources and travel and entertainment costs 
 (5 
 
 Travel and entertainment expense 
 35 
 
 Equipment cost 
 66 
 
 Other expenses 
 97 

222 

19 

Human
resource related costs (including salaries and benefits and non-cash compensation) increased approximately 74,000 primarily because
of additional sales and marketing and research and development staffing during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. This includes an increase of employee commissions paid upon sales-based contracts.
Professional and consulting fees increased approximately 51,000, primarily because of higher legal costs for the cessation of
non-PDL interest accrual and the associated cancellation of both interest and warrants. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased
by approximately 96,000 due to fully depreciated and amortized assets. Other product development costs decreased approximately
 5,000 primarily because of decreases in product deployment and installation costs. Travel and entertainment expense increased
approximately 35,000 due to higher cost and frequency during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same
period in 2021. Equipment cost increased by approximately 66,000 due to higher economic prices. The increase of approximately
 97,000 in other expense is due to several factors, including more advertising and marketing, higher insurance premium costs, higher
software license costs, and website costs. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and New Accounting
Pronouncements 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures
in the financial statements. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: 

if requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, and 

changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material
impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 

We
base our estimates and judgments on our experience, our current knowledge, our beliefs of what could occur in the future, our observation
of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other sources. Actual results may
differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following accounting policies and
estimates as those that we believe are most critical to our financial condition and results of operations and that require management s
most subjective and complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties: income taxes, impairment of long-lived
assets, sales-based revenue recognition and credit agreement amendments. 

Income
Taxes . As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate income taxes
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach
to account for income taxes. A current liability is recorded for the estimated taxes payable for the current year. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the timing differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of changes in tax rates or tax laws are recognized in the provision
for income taxes in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not to be realized. Changes in valuation allowances will flow through the statement
of operations unless related to deferred tax assets that expire unutilized or are modified through translation, in which case both
the deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance are similarly adjusted. Where a valuation allowance was established through
purchase accounting for acquired deferred tax assets, any future change will be credited or charged to income tax expense. See
NOTE 5 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion related to Tax Reform. 

20 

The
determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and
application of complex tax laws. In the ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations for which the
ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Despite our belief that we have appropriate support for all the positions
taken on our tax returns, we acknowledge that certain positions may be successfully challenged by the taxing authorities. We determine
the tax benefits more likely than not to be recognized with respect to uncertain tax positions. Although we believe our recorded
tax assets and liabilities are reasonable, tax laws and regulations are subject to interpretation and inherent uncertainty; therefore,
our assessments can involve both a series of complex judgments about future events and rely on estimates and assumptions. Although
we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, the final determination could be materially different than that which
is reflected in our provision for income taxes and recorded tax assets and liabilities. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets . Carrying values of property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators
are present, we determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized by testing the applicable asset or asset group s
carrying value for recoverability. This assessment requires the exercise of judgment in assessing the future use of and projected
value to be derived from the eventual disposal of the assets to be held and used. Assessments also consider changes in asset utilization,
including the temporary idling of capacity and the expected timing for placing this capacity back into production. If the carrying
value of the assets is not recoverable, then a loss is recorded for the difference between the assets fair value and respective
carrying value. The fair value of the assets is determined using an income approach based upon a forecast of all
the expected discounted future net cash flows associated with the subject assets. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions
include market size and growth, market share, projected selling prices, manufacturing cost and discount rate. Our estimates are
based upon historical experience, commercial relationships, market conditions and available external information about future trends. 

Sales-based
Revenue Recognition : We enter into contracts with customers that may provide multiple combinations of our products, software
solutions, and other related services which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations.
Performance obligations that are not distinct at contract inception are combined. Customer contract fulfillment typically involves
multiple procurement promises which include various equipment, software subscription, project-related installation and training
services, and support. We have implemented formal documentation of customer acceptance for these various performance obligations
to help alleviate certain estimated needed to establish specific dates of contract fulfillment. We allocate the transaction price
to each performance obligation based on estimated relative standalone selling price. General assessment must be made to establish
the standalone selling price of our equipment and services based on limited comparable market value; which therefore, makes the
determination of our revenue allocations. Revenue is then recognized for each performance obligation upon transferring control
of the hardware, software, and services to the customer and in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive and
the estimated benefit the customer receives over the term of the contract. 

Generally, we recognize revenue under Topic 606
for each of our performance obligations as follows: 

Hardware packages We recognize revenue related to the sale of hardware packages when
control has been transferred to the customer point in time ). 

Software bundle and related services We recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over
the estimated contracted license period over time ). 

Credit
Agreement Amendments : The Company has entered into certain credit agreements in which further amendments have been established.
At the time of modification, a classification must be made of the credit risk and economical condition to determine whether the
respective modification is granted as a Troubled Debt Restructuring (TDR). Each amendment must be assessed and established to direct
the appropriate calculations and accounting treatment. Due to the complexity of certain agreements, necessary judgements are encompassed
to establish the appropriate calculations based on the associated effective borrowing rates. 

21 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which requires entities
to record expected credit losses for certain financial instruments, including trade receivables, as an allowance that reflects
the entity s current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred. For available-for-sale debt securities in unrealized
loss positions, the new standard requires allowances to be recorded instead of reducing the amortized cost of the investment. The
Company does not currently hold or plan to invest in available-for-sale securities and has not historically experienced collection
issues or bad debts with trade receivables. Accordingly, the Company does not expect this to have a significant impact on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures at this time. The Company adopted this guidance as of its effective date for smaller
reporting companies, January 1, 2023. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity (ASU 2020-06), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models
available for convertible debt instruments. This guidance also eliminates the treasury stock method to calculate diluted earnings
per share for convertible instruments and requires the use of the if-converted method. The Company does not expect this to have
a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures at this time. The Company will adopt this
guidance on its effective date for smaller reporting companies, January 1, 2024. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2018, the FASB, issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework - Changes to the Disclosure
Requirements for Fair Value Measurement, that eliminates certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements for all entities,
requires public entities to disclose certain new information and modifies some disclosure requirements. The FASB developed the
amendments to Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820 as part of its broader disclosure framework project, which
aims to improve the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to financial statements by focusing on requirements that clearly
communicate the most important information to users of the financial statements. The new guidance is effective for all entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity is permitted to
early adopt either the entire standard or only the provisions that eliminate or modify requirements. With the adoption of Topic
820, there has been no material change for our company s fair value measurements as defined by GAAP and required disclosures
included herein above, for each asset class. 

There
have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies as summarized in NOTE 2 of our consolidated financial statements
filed with our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not expect that the adoption of any recent accounting pronouncements
will have a material impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

22 

Recent Events Since December 31, 2022 

Conversion of Replacement Notes 

In February 1, 2023, the Company engaged Value, Incorporated 
to render an analysis and opinion of fairness on a provision of the Replacement Notes for the Investors to convert any portion of the
outstanding principal balances of the Notes into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at a conversion price per share that
is fair to the Company s shareholders and option holders, subject to adjustment in accordance with anti-dilution provisions set
forth in the Notes. The Conversion Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of stock splits, reverse stock splits and similar
capital events. The fairness opinion determined that the conversion price of 0.10 per share was fair. 

On
March 31, 2023, investors holding an aggregate of 26,200,000 of Replacement Notes exercised their right to convert the debt into
shares of the Company s common stock at 0.10 per share (the First Tranche ). Upon conversion, the Company issued
the investors in the First Tranche an aggregate of 262,000,000 shares. The First Tranche only converted 50 of the HealthCor Replacement
Notes. Due to the insufficient number of the Company s available authorized shares of common stock, a shareholder vote to
authorize an increase in the Company s authorized shares of common stock to 800,000,000 must be completed prior to the other
50 of the HealthCor Replacement Notes being converted (the Second Tranche ). The Second Tranche will convert the
remaining 18,000,000 of HealthCor Replacement Notes into 180,000,000 shares at a conversion price of 0.10 per share. 

Group Purchasing Agreement with
Vizient 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company entered a Group Purchasing Agreement with Vizient, the nation s largest healthcare performance
improvement company. All CareView Patient Safety System components and modules are now available for direct purchase by Vizient s
exclusive membership. 

PDL Debt Extensions 

On February 28, 2023, the
Company executed the Twenty-Eighth Amendment with PDL Biopharma, Inc. PDL to extend the date for PDL to terminate
from February 28, 2023 until March 31, 2023. 

On March 31, 2023, the
Company executed the Twenty-Ninth Amendment with PDL to extend the date for PDL to terminate from March 31, 2023 until April 30,
2023. 

23 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company
as defined in Item 10(f)(l) of Regulation S-K and are not required to provide information under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Financial statements begin on page F-1 following
this Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), we carried out an evaluation, with the
participation of our management, including Steve G. Johnson, our Chief Executive Officer CEO and principal executive
officer, and Jason T. Thompson, our principal financial officer and chief accounting officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and principal financial and chief accounting officer, our management evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that
evaluation, our CEO and principal financial and chief accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the continuing existence of a material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting described below (which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures). Based on the performance
of additional procedures designed to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting, we believe that the consolidated financial
statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods presented, in conformity with GAAP. 

Material Weakness and Remediation Plan 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has determined that the Company did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the existence of the material weaknesses described below. 

24 

Management
determined that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due
to the existence of the following material weaknesses: 

It was determined that the Company does not have effective controls over
the identification and evaluation of the GAAP accounting for certain complex transactions in the areas of revenues, debt, and income
taxes, due to a lack of technical expertise. 

Due to a lack of accounting resources, it was determined that the Company
had inadequate segregation of duties in place related to its financial reporting and other management oversight. Specifically,
the accounting personnel had responsibility for initiating transactions in the financial statement areas of revenues, equity, payroll,
debt, and financial reporting, recording transactions, and preparing financial reports. 

Based
on additional procedures and post-closing review, management concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this
Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented, in conformity
with GAAP. 

We
began to take steps to address our material weaknesses, through our remediation plan. We implemented the following measures: 

Identified and employed additional full-time highly qualified accounting personnel
to join the corporate accounting function to enhance overall monitoring, maintain standard internal controls, and accounting oversight
within the Company. 

Hired a certified public accountant CPA as its Controller
and a Senior Accountant while contracting with the former Senior Accountant. 

Implemented enhanced documentation associated with management review controls
and validation of the completeness and accuracy of financial reporting and key management financial reports. 

Provided training of standard operating procedures and internal controls
to key stakeholders within the supply chain, logistics, and inventory processes. 

Enhanced and automated existing internal control to ensure proper authorization,
review, and recording of financial transactions. 

On an as-needed basis, identified and engaged certain third-party subject
matter experts to assist with the preparation and reporting of complex business and accounting transactions. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s
evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially
affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Controls 

Our
management can provide no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial
reporting can prevent all errors and all fraud under all circumstances. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must
be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been or will
be detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

25 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors, Executive Officers, Promoter and Control
Persons 

The
following table sets forth information on our executive officers and directors as of the filing of this Report. All executive officers
serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The term of office of each of our directors expire at our next Annual Meeting
of Shareholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. We do not have any promoters or control persons. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 Date Elected Director 
 Date Appointed Officer 
 
 Steven G. Johnson 
 63 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 April 11, 2006 
 April 11, 2006 
 
 Jason T. Thompson 
 48 
 Director, Principal Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer 
 January 1, 2014 
 January 24, 2018 
 
 Sandra K. McRee 
 67 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 N/A 
 November 1, 2013 
 
 L. Allen Wheeler 
 90 
 Chairman of the Board 
 January 26, 2006 
 N/A 
 
 Jeffrey C. Lightcap 
 64 
 Director 
 April 21, 2011 
 N/A 
 
 David R. White 
 75 
 Director 
 January 1, 2014 
 N/A 
 
 Steven B. Epstein 
 79 
 Director 
 April 1, 2014 
 N/A 
 
 Dr. James R. Higgins 
 73 
 Director 
 April 1, 2014 
 N/A 

Mr.
Lightcap was elected to serve on our Board of Directors pursuant to the terms of the HealthCor Note Purchase Agreement executed
on April 21, 2011. Other than Mr. Lightcap, there are no arrangements or understandings between our directors and executive officers
and any other person pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer, and there are
no arrangements, plans or understandings as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise their voting rights to continue
to elect the current Board of Directors. There are also no arrangements, agreements or understandings to our knowledge between
nonmanagement shareholders that may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs. 

In
December 2017, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary resigned. Until such time as those positions are filled, Steven
Johnson, our Chief Executive Officer and President, will also serve as our Secretary and Treasurer. In addition, Jason T. Thompson,
our Chairman of the Audit Committee, will serve as our Principal Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer as those positions
relate to our annual and quarterly filings with the SEC. 

Identification of Certain Significant Employees 

Kyle
Johnson, our Director of Engineering, and Matthew E. Jackson, General Counsel, are considered significant employees. An overview
of their business experience follows in Business Experience found within this Item 10. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between our officers
and members of our Board of Directors. 

26 

Business Experience of Directors, Executive Officers
and Significant Employees 

The business experience of each of our directors,
executive officers and significant employees follows: 

Steve G. Johnson Chief Executive Officer,
President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Steven
G. Johnson currently serves as Chief Executive Officer (effective January 1, 2014), President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director.
Mr. Johnson also served as Chief Operating Officer until November 1, 2013. In December 2003, he filed for patent protection as
the inventor of a Non-Intrusive Data Transmission Network for Use in an Enterprise Facility and Method for Implementing in the
United States, which invention was subsequently assigned to CareView and was issued a patent number by the USPTO. The technology
underlying this patent is the basis of the CareView Patient Safety System suite. Mr. Johnson is also one of the inventors on three
issued patents for a Non-intrusive data transmission network for use in an enterprise facility and method for implementing in the
U.S., a System and Method for Documenting Patient Procedures in the U.S., and a System and Method for Using a Video Monitoring
System to Prevent and Manage Decubitus Ulcers in Patients in the U.S., and five additional pending patent applications for a System
and Method for Predicting Falls in the U.S., a continuation patent for System and Method for Using a Video Monitoring System to
Prevent and Manage Decubitus Ulcers, an Electronic Patient Sitter Management System and Method for Implementing in the U.S., a
Noise Correcting Patient Fall Risk State System and Method for Predicting Patient Falls in the U.S., and a System and method for
monitoring a fall state of a patient and minimizing false alarms in the U.S., all technology currently being deployed or in further
development by CareView. Mr. Johnson has over 20 years of experience in the cable and wireless industry. 

Before
joining CareView in 2006, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Cadco Systems, a manufacturer of CATV and telecommunications
equipment from 1997. From February 1991 to February 1996, he served as CEO, President and Director of American Wireless Systems,
which he restructured and sold to Heartland Wireless Communications. Mr. Johnson also served as founder and President of Hanover
Systems, a manufacturer of telecommunications equipment. Mr. Johnson has been actively involved with the wireless cable industry
since 1984 and has served on the board of directors of the Wireless Cable Association and its FCC regulatory committee. Mr. Johnson
developed various electronic telecommunications equipment for the wireless cable industry including microwave downconverters, wireless
cable set top converters, antennas, and transmitters. Mr. Johnson s accumulated knowledge in the field of technology, coupled
with his development of patentable technology, makes him an invaluable member of our management team. Mr. Johnson earned his BA
in Economics and Business Administration from Simpson College and currently serves as a Trustee on the Simpson College Board of
Trustees. Mr. Johnson is the father of Kyle Johnson, our Director of Engineering. 

Jason T. Thompson Director, Principal
Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer 

Jason
T. Thompson was elected as a Director of CareView effective as of January 1, 2014. In addition, he currently serves as our Principal
Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer while we seek a qualified candidate to fill those positions. Mr. Thompson is a partner
and a member of the transactional group of Michael Best Friedrich LLP where he focuses on mergers and acquisitions and general
corporate matters, having joined Michael Best in September 2006. Mr. Thompson assists his clients with negotiating and structuring
many types of transactions and agreements, including those related to corporate reorganizations, buyout transactions and venture
capital investment transactions. In addition, he is President of Thompson Family Holdings, LLC, which invests in, and consults
for, a number of healthcare companies, having joined Thompson Holdings in 2010. From 1999 to 2004, Mr. Thompson served as Vice
President of Development and Planning for Bulk Petroleum Corporation, where he oversaw sales, operations, client maintenance, scheduling
accounting and workforce management for its construction projects. Prior to joining Bulk Petroleum, Mr. Thompson was a senior auditor
with Arthur Andersen. He is a certified public accountant. Mr. Thompson received a BBA in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin
 Madison in 1996 and in 2006, received his JD from the University of Wisconsin, where he was a member of the Wisconsin Law
Review. His business, accounting and legal experience makes him well-qualified to serve as one of the Company s directors. 

27 

Sandra K. McRee Chief Operating Officer 

Sandra
K. McRee joined CareView as Chief Operating Officer effective November 1, 2013. Ms. McRee also currently serves as President
of McRee Consulting. Ms. McRee most recently served as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of IASIS Healthcare
Corporation IASIS from April 2010 until October 2011. Previously, she served as Chief Operating Officer of
IASIS from May 2001 until October 2010, and President from May 2004 to April 2010. At IASIS, she was responsible for
overseeing all aspects of IASIS s hospital operations and was responsible for overseeing clinical systems; developing
an appropriate mix of quality services, physician relationships, effective staffing and supply utilization; and managing
capital investments related to operations. From April 1999 through May 2001, Ms. McRee was Regional Vice President for
Province Healthcare Corporation where she oversaw five facilities in Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi. Ms. McRee has more
than 35 years of healthcare management experience. Ms. McRee has spent her entire professional career in the healthcare
industry. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of Denver School of Nursing. Ms. McRee previously served on the
Boards of EDCare, a national emergency room management company owned by Gemini Investors from August 2005 to July 2008, Mid-
Western University from July 2000 to August 2004 and All About Women. Ms. McRee is a member of Women Business Leaders of the
U.S. HealthCare Industry Foundation, a nonprofit organization that was established in 2001 to address the unique needs of
women serving in a senior executive capacity in the U.S. healthcare industry and was a member of the Executive
Leadership Team of Go Red for Women. 

L. Allen Wheeler 
Chairman of the Board 

Mr.
Wheeler has served as a Director of CareView since January 2006 and on January 1, 2014 became our Chairman of the Board. Mr. Wheeler
has been a private investor for over 50 years with interests in nursing homes, banks, cable television, radio stations, real estate
and ranching. Currently, Mr. Wheeler owns and operates three Abstract and Title companies in Bryan County, Oklahoma. Mr. Wheeler
served on the Board of Directors of Texoma Medical Center from 1994 to 2005 and acted as Chairman of the Board from 2002 to 2005.
Mr. Wheeler served as President of the Durant Industrial Authority for numerous years. Mr. Wheeler s knowledge of the healthcare
industry (as it relates to nursing homes), his technical knowledge of the broadcast television industry, and his expertise relative
to investments and equity placements, qualifies him as a significant member of our board of directors. Mr. Wheeler earned his B.A.
from Southeastern Oklahoma State University. Mr. Wheeler was elected Alumni of the Year of Southeastern Oklahoma State University
in 2001. 

Jeffrey D. Lightcap Director 

Mr.
Lightcap was elected as a Director of CareView on April 21, 2011. Since October 2006, Mr. Lightcap has served as a Senior
Managing Director at HealthCor Partners Management, LP, a growth equity investor focused on late stage venture and early
commercial stage healthcare companies in the diagnostic, therapeutic and med tech, sectors. From 1997 to mid-2006, Mr.
Lightcap served as a Senior Managing Director at JLL Partners, a leading middle-market private equity firm. Prior to JLL
Partners, from 1993 to 1997, Mr. Lightcap served as a Managing Director at Merrill Lynch Co., Inc. Prior to joining
Merrill Lynch, Mr. Lightcap was a Senior Vice President in the mergers and acquisitions group at Kidder, Peabody Co.
and briefly at Salomon Brothers. Mr. Lightcap received a B.E. in Mechanical Engineering from the State University of New York
at Stony Brook in 1981 and in 1985 received an MBA from the University of Chicago. Mr. Lightcap currently also serves as a
director of the following companies: Heartflow Inc., a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is
diagnosed and treated; KellBenx, Inc., a prenatal diagnostic technology company; and RTI Surgical, Inc. (Nasdaq: RTIX), a
spinal implant company. Mr. Lightcap s experience with fundraising in the private equity market and his leadership
skills exhibited throughout his career make him well-qualified to serve as one of the Company s directors. 

28 

David R. White Director 

David
R. White was elected as a director on January 1, 2014. From December 1, 2000 to November 1, 2010, Mr. White served as the Chief
Executive Officer of IASIS Healthcare Corporation, and he served as the Chief Executive Officer of IASIS Healthcare LLC from December
1, 2000 to October 2010. Mr. White served as the President of IASIS Healthcare
Corporation from May 22, 2001 to May 2004 and also served as the President of IASIS Healthcare LLC from May 22, 2001 to May 2004.
He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of LifeTrust, from November 1998 to November 2000. From June 1994 to September
1998, Mr. White served as President of the Atlantic Group at Columbia/HCA, where he was responsible for 45 hospitals located in
nine states. He has also served as Regional Vice President of Republic Health Corporation. Previously, Mr. White served as an Executive
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Community Health Systems, Inc. He was Executive Chairman of Anthelio Healthcare Solutions
Inc. from June 2012 to September 2016 and was its Independent Director from July 28, 2011 to September 2016. He has been Chairman
of the Board at IASIS Healthcare Corporation since October 1999. He has been a Member of Strategic Advisory Board of Satori World
Medical, Inc. since 2011. He was a Director of REACH Health, Inc. from August 30, 2011 to June 2015. He also serves as a director
to CareView Communications, Inc. (OTCQB:CRVW), a healthcare technology company. He served as Non-Executive Director at Parkway
Holdings Limited from July 15, 2005 to March 8, 2007. Mr. White earned a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of
Tennessee in Knoxville, TN in 1970, and an MS in Healthcare Administration from Trinity University in San Antonio, TX in 1973.
Mr. White s lifetime career and knowledge in the healthcare industry makes him well-qualified to serve as a director of the
Company. 

Steven B. Epstein - Director 

Steven
B. Epstein was elected as a Director of CareView effective as of April 1, 2014. Mr. Epstein is the founder of Epstein Becker 
Green, P.C., a leading law firm in health care law with over 250 lawyers in 11 cities, where he serves as a senior health adviser.
Mr. Epstein is a pioneer in the legal specialty known as health care law and provides a wide range of health care organizations
and providers with strategic legal guidance responding to the legal challenges and opportunities of the rapidly changing American
health care system. Mr. Epstein was instrumental in the acceptance of managed care as the prominent form of health care delivery
and has been referred to as the father of the healthcare [legal] industry , as stated in Chambers USA. Mr. Epstein
received his Bachelor of Arts from Tufts University in 1965, where he was awarded the Tufts University Distinguished Alumni Award
and served as a member of the Board of Trustees from 1999-2009. He received his Juris Doctor from Columbia Law School in 1968.
He is the recipient of Columbia University s Distinguished Alumni Award and Columbia Law School s Medal for Excellence,
Columbia Law School s most prestigious award and served as chairman of the Columbia Law School Board of Visitors from 2002-2015.
Mr. Epstein has previously served as a director of the following companies among others: Accumen, Inc., a private lab services
company; National Compliance Solutions, Inc.; a private drug and background search company; OrthoSensor, Inc.; a private orthopedic
medical device company; ResCare, Inc. a private disability care company and Solis Women s Health, a private mammography company.
Mr. Epstein s lifetime legal career and knowledge in the healthcare industry makes him well-qualified to serve as a director
of the Company. 

Dr. James R. Higgins - Director 

Dr.
James R. Higgins was elected as a director of CareView effective as of April 1, 2014. Dr. Higgins is a cardiologist practicing
in Tulsa, Oklahoma. In addition to being boarded in cardiology he has sub-specialty boards in nuclear cardiology, electrophysiology,
invasive cardiology, cardiac CT angiography, echocardiography, carotid and peripheral sonography, pacemakers and defibrillators.
He graduated summa cum laude with a BS degree in electrical engineering from South Dakota State University and sum cum laude with
a MD degree from the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry. He was an extern at the Massachusetts General Hospital
in Boston, and intern, resident, and chief resident at Barnes Hospital, Washington University, in St. Louis Missouri. His cardiology
fellowship was obtained at the University of California, San Francisco, Moffitt and Long Hospital. He was then the Director of
research and invasive cardiology at Wilford Hall Medical Center, United States Air Force, San Antonio, Texas. In addition to his
busy cardiology practice, Dr. Higgins has started and owns a real estate company, an electronic medical billing company, an oil
pipeline supply company, and has a large cattle ranch operation in Oklahoma. He has published more than 300 peer review articles
and has multiple patents on medical devices, mainly related to pacemakers and internal defibrillators. Dr. Higgin s vast
experience in the healthcare industry makes him well-qualified to serve as a director of the Company. 

29 

Kyle Johnson - Director of Engineering 

Kyle
Johnson has served as our Director of Engineering since August 2006 and is responsible for the design and development of our Room
Control Platform and deployment of systems to hospitals. From June 2004 to August 2006, he served as Senior Product Manager of
Cadco Systems, a company that specializes in broadband electronic design and manufacturing. As Senior Project Manager, Mr. Johnson
managed the design and development of several products including the development of the technology used in the CareView Patient
Safety System suite. Mr. Johnson is also one of the inventors on an issued patent for a System and Method for Using a Video Monitoring
System to Prevent and Manage Decubitus Ulcers in Patients in the U.S. and an issued patent for a System and Method for Predicting
Falls in the U.S. (the technology underlying CareView s Virtual Bed Rails). From February 2000 to June 2004, Mr. Johnson
served as General Manager and Chief Engineer for 391 Communications, a company that is a service provider to cable and wireless
cable companies. Mr. Johnson has been involved in several large-scale deployments of CATV, MMDS, and DBS satellite systems, as
well as designing and building numerous CATV/MMDS head-ends for major domestic and foreign CATV/MMDS providers. Mr. Johnson is
the son of Steven Johnson, our Chief Executive Officer and President. 

Matthew E. Jackson General Counsel 

Mr.
Jackson joined CareView in 2012. Mr. Jackson is responsible for all company legal matters including drafting and negotiating contracts,
litigation, risk management, labor and employment, corporate securities and corporate governance. Mr. Jackson is admitted to practice
law in both Texas and California. 

Other Directorships 

Other
than as indicated within this section at Business Experience, none of our directors hold or have been nominated to hold a directorship
in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (the Act or subject
to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1933, or any company registered as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Committees of the Board 

Audit Committee 

The
Audit Committee reviews and discusses the audited consolidated financial statements with management, discusses with our independent
registered public accounting firm matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard
1301: Communications with Audit Committees, and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the inclusion of our
audited consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. 

Our
Audit Committee s primary function is to provide advice with respect to our financial matters and to assist our Board of
Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities regarding finance, accounting, and legal compliance. The Audit Committee s
primary duties and responsibilities are to: (i) serve as an independent and objective party to monitor our financial reporting
process and internal control system, (ii) review and appraise the audit efforts of our independent registered accounting firm,
(iii) evaluate our quarterly financial performance as well as its compliance with laws and regulations, (iv) oversee management s
establishment and enforcement of financial policies and business practices, and (v) provide an open avenue of communication among
the independent accountants, management and our Board of Directors. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, and as of the filing date of this Report, our Audit Committee consisted of three members of our
Board of Directors, namely Jason Thompson as Chair, Allen Wheeler and Jeffrey Lightcap. Messrs. Thompson and Lightcap are deemed
to be financial experts. Although our Board of Directors believes the members of our Audit Committee will exercise their judgment
independently, no member is totally free of relationships that, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, might interfere with
their exercise of independent judgment as a committee
member. The Audit Committee s Chair and members are to be designated annually by a majority vote of the Board of Directors.
Any member may be removed at any time, with or without cause, and vacancies may be filled by a majority vote of the Board of Directors. 

30 

Compensation Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee s function is to aid our Board of Directors in fulfilling their responsibility to our shareholders,
potential shareholders, and the investment community relating to developing policies and making specific recommendations to the
Board of Directors with respect to the direct and indirect compensation of our executive officers. The goal of such policies is
to ensure that an appropriate relationship exists between executive pay and the creation of shareholder value, while at the same
time motivating and retaining key employees. Our Compensation Committee s primary duties and responsibilities are to: (i)
review and approve our Company s goals relevant to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, evaluate the Chief Executive
Officer s performance with respect to those goals, and set the Chief Executive Officer s compensation based on that
evaluation; (ii) assess the contributions of individual executives and recommend to our Board of Directors levels of salary and
incentive compensation payable to them; (iii) compare compensation levels with those of other leading companies in the industry;
(iv) grant stock incentives to key employees and administer our stock incentive plans; (v) monitor compliance with legal prohibition
on loans to directors and executive officers; and (vi) recommend to our Board of Directors compensation packages for new corporate
officers and termination packages for corporate officers as requested. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, and as of the filing date of this Report, our Compensation Committee consisted of three members
of ours Board of Directors, namely Allen Wheeler as Chair, Jeffrey Lightcap and David White. Although our Board of Directors believes
the members of our Compensation Committee will exercise their judgment independently, no member is totally free of relationships
that, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, might interfere with their exercise of independent judgment as a committee member.
Our Compensation Committee s Chair and members are to be designated annually by a majority vote of our Board. Any member
may be removed at any time, with or without cause, and vacancies may be filled by a majority vote of our Board. 

Nominating Committee 

We
do not currently have a Nominating Committee; therefore, our Board of Directors, as a whole, identifies director nominees by reviewing
the desired experience, mix of skills and other qualities to assure appropriate Board composition, taking into consideration our
current Board members and the specific needs of our Company and our Board of Directors. Among the qualifications to be considered
in the selection of candidates, our Board of Directors considers the following attributes and criteria of candidates: experience,
knowledge, skills, expertise, diversity, personal and professional integrity, character, business judgment and independence. Our
Board of Directors recognizes that nominees for the Board of Directors should reflect a reasonable diversity of backgrounds and
perspectives, including those backgrounds and perspectives with respect to business experience, professional expertise, age, gender
and ethnic background. Nominations for the election of directors may be made by any member of the Board. 

Our
Board of Directors will also evaluate whether the nominee s skills are complementary to the existing Board members 
skills; our Board of Directors needs for operational, management, financial, technological or other expertise; and whether
the individual has sufficient time to devote to the interests of our Company. The prospective Board member cannot be a board member
or officer at a competing company nor have relationships with a competing company and must be clear of any investigation or violations
that would be perceived as affecting the duties and performance of a director. 

Our
Board of Directors identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of our Board of Directors willing to continue in
service. Current members of our Board of Directors with skills and experience that are relevant to the business and who are willing
to continue in service are considered for re-nomination, balancing the value of continuity of service by existing members of the
Board of Directors with that of obtaining a new perspective. If any member of our Board of Directors does not wish to continue
in service, or if our Board of Directors decides not to nominate a member for re-election, our Board of Directors
identifies the desired skills and experience of a new nominee and offers suggestions as to individuals who meet the criteria. 

31 

Our
Board of Directors is comprised of accomplished professionals who represent diverse and key areas of expertise including national
business, operations, manufacturing, government, finance and investing, management, entrepreneurship, higher education and science,
research and technology. We believe our directors wide range of professional experiences and backgrounds; education and
skills has proven invaluable to our Company, and we intend to continue leveraging this strength. 

Board Involvement in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of our risk assessment and management process. We believe risk can arise in every
decision and action taken by us, whether strategic or operational. Our comprehensive approach is reflected in the reporting processes
by which our management provides timely information to our Board of Directors to support its role in oversight, approval and decision-making. 

Our
Board of Directors closely monitors the information it receives from management and provides oversight and guidance to our management
team concerning the assessment and management of risk. Our Board of Directors approves our high-level goals, strategies and policies
to set the tone and direction for appropriate risk taking within the business. 

Our
Board of Directors serving on the Compensation Committee have basic responsibility for oversight of management s compensation
risk assessment, and that committee reports to the Board of Directors on its review. Our Board of Directors also delegate tasks
related to risk process oversight to our Audit Committee, which reports the results of its review process to our Board of Directors.
The Audit Committee s process includes a review, at least annually, of our internal audit process, including the organizational
structure, as well as the scope and methodology of the internal audit process. The Board, as a whole, functions as the nominating
committee to oversee risks related to our corporate governance, including director performance, director succession, director education
and governance documents. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our
Board of Directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all of our directors and executive officers. This
code is intended to focus the members of our Board of Directors and each executive officer on areas of ethical risk, provide guidance
to directors and executive officers to help them recognize and deal with ethical issues, provide mechanisms to report unethical
conduct, and help foster a culture of honesty and accountability. All members of our Board of Directors and all executive officers
are required to sign this code on an annual basis. 

Code of Ethics for Financial Executives 

Our
Board of Directors adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all financial executives and any other senior officer with financial
oversight responsibilities. This code governs the professional and ethical conduct of our financial executives, and directs that
they: (i) act with honesty and integrity; (ii) provide information that is accurate, complete, objective, relevant, and timely;
(iii) comply with federal, state, and local rules and regulations; (iv) act in good faith with due care, competence and diligence;
and (v) respect the confidentiality of information acquired in the course of their work and not use the information acquired for
personal gain. All of our financial executives are required to sign this code on an annual basis. 

Insider Trading Policy 

Our
Board of Directors adopted an Insider Trading Policy applicable to all directors and officers. Insider trading generally refers
to the buying or selling of a security in breach of a fiduciary duty or other relationship of trust and confidence while in possession
of material, non-public information about the security. Insider trading violations may
also include tipping such information, securities trading by the person tipped, and securities trading
by those who misappropriate such information. The scope of insider trading violations can be wide reaching. As such, our Insider
Trading Policy outlines the definitions of insider trading, the penalties and sanctions determined, and what constitutes material,
non-public information. Illegal insider trading is against our policy as such trading can cause significant harm to our reputation
for integrity and ethical conduct. Individuals who fail to comply with the requirements of the policy are subject to disciplinary
action including dismissal for cause. All members of our Board of Directors and all executive officers are required to ratify the
terms of this policy on an annual basis. 

32 

Committee Charters, Corporate
Governance Guidelines, and Codes of Ethics 

Our
Board of Directors adopted charters for the Audit and Compensation Committees describing the authority and responsibilities delegated
to each committee. We post on our website the charters of our Audit and Compensation Committees, our Code of Conduct and Ethics,
our Code of Ethics for Financial Executive, and any amendments or waivers thereto applicable to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions; and any other
corporate governance materials contemplated by SEC regulations. These documents are also available in print to any stockholder
requesting a copy in writing from our Secretary at our executive offices set forth in this Report. 

33 

Board Meetings and Committees; Annual Meeting
Attendance 

We held 5 meetings of the Board
of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2022 and conducted other business through unanimous written actions. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The
table below shows certain compensation information for services rendered in all capacities for the last two fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. The information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, the number of non-qualified
stock options Options granted and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compen- sation ) 
 Nonquali- fied Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compen- sation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Steven G. Johnson (1) 
 (President, CEO, Sec., Treas.) 
 2022 
 265,046 

17,232 
 282,278 
 
 2021 
 265,046 

17,232 
 282,278 

Sandra K McRee (2) 
 
 (COO) 
 2022 
 216,045 

8,232 
 224,277 
 
 2021 
 216,045 

8,232 
 224,277 

Jason T. Thompson (3) 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 2022 

2021 

(1) For 2022: All Other Compensation includes 9,000 for
car allowance and 8,232 for health insurance premiums paid on Mr. Johnson s behalf. For 2021: All Other Compensation includes
 9,000 for car allowance and 8,232 for health insurance premiums paid on Mr. Johnson s behalf.. 

(2) For 2022 and 2021: All Other Compensation is for health
insurance premiums paid on Ms. McRee s behalf. 

(3) Mr. Thompson was named Principal Financial Officer and
Chief Accounting Officer effective January 1, 2018, upon the resignation of our former CFO. 

34 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
table below shows outstanding equity awards for our executive officers as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which equity
awards consists solely of ten-year, non-qualified stock options (the Options ). No executive officers have exercised
any of their Options. 

Name and Office 
 Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 
 (#) 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Number
of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercis- able 
 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 
 (#) 
 
 Option
 Exercise Price 
 
 ) 

Option
Expiry Date 
 
 Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 
 (#) 
 
 Market
Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards:
Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 

Steve G. Johnson (Pres., 
 
 CEO, Sec., Treas.) 
 2,000,000 (1) 

0.10 
 12/05/26 

666,667 (2) 

0.06 
 11/28/27 

400,000 
 800,000 (3) 
 
 0.04 
 08/08/30 

Sandra K McRee 
 (COO) 
 2,000,000 (4) 

0.51 
 10/30/23 

1,000,000 (5) 

0.53 
 02/22/25 

2,000,000 (6) 

0.10 
 12/05/26 

2,000,000 (7) 

0.10 
 12/02/27 

2,466,667 
 4,933,333 (8) 
 
 0.04 
 08/08/30 

Jason T.
 Thompson 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 150,000 (9) 

0.40 
 12/31/23 

235,295 (10) 

0.17 
 08/29/26 

666,667 (11) 

0.06 
 11/28/27 

400,000 
 800,000 (12) 
 
 0.04 
 08/08/30 

(1) All underlying shares vested on December 7, 2019. 

(2) All underlying shares vested on November 11, 2020. 

(3) One third of the underlying shares vested on August 10,
2021. 

(4) All underlying shares vested on November 1, 2016. 

(5) All underlying shares vested on February 25, 2018. 

(6) All underlying shares vested on December 7, 2019. 

(7) All underlying shares vested on December 3, 2020. 

(8) One third of the underlying shares vested on August 10,
2021. 

(9) All underlying shares vested on January 2, 2017 

(10) All underlying shares vested on August 31, 2019. 

(11) All underlying shares vested on November 20, 2020. 

(12) One third of the underlying shares vested on August 10, 2021. 

Employment Agreements with Executive Officers 

We have no employment agreements with our executive
officers. 

35 

Director Compensation 

Our
Directors Compensation Policy states that a cash retainer to outside directors shall be paid quarterly in advance as of the first
day of each fiscal quarter. Cash retainers shall commence effective as of January 1, 2017, or at such later date as the Company
is in a position to pay cash retainers. No cash retainers were paid in 2022 or 2021 per the terms of the Directors Compensation
Policy as the Company was not in a financial position to pay such cash retainers. 

Our
Directors have also been granted non-qualified stock options from time to time as detailed in the table below. During the period
ended December 31, 2022, there were no options granted to Directors. 

The
table below shows outstanding equity awards for our directors who are not executive officers, which equity awards consists solely
of ten-year, non-qualified stock options. No options have been exercised. 

Name 
 Fees
 
Earned or 
Paid in 
 Cash 
 Option
 Grant
 Date 
 Stock
 
Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards )(1) 
 Non-Equity
 
Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqual- 

 ified 
Deferred 
Compen- 
sation 
Earnings ) 
 All
 Other 
Com- 
pensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 L.
 Allen Wheeler (2) 
 
 11/30/17 
 
 24,000 

24,000 
 
 02/25/15 
 50,700 
 50,700 
 
 08/31/16 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 08/10/20 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 Steven
 B. Epstein (3) 
 
 04/01/14 
 
 221,500 

221,500 
 
 02/25/15 
 16,900 
 16,900 
 
 08/31/16 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 11/30/17 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 08/10/20 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 Dr.
 James R. Higgins (4) 
 
 04/01/14 
 
 66,450 

66,450 
 
 08/31/16 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 11/30/17 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 08/10/20 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 Jeffery
 C. Lightcap (5) 

David
 R. White (6) 
 
 01/02/14 
 
 130,000 

130,000 
 
 08/31/16 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 11/30/17 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 08/10/20 
 36,000 
 36,000 

(1) (1)	The valuation methodology used to determine the fair value of the options granted during the year was the Black-Scholes Model. The Black- Scholes-Merton model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the weighted average risk-free interest rate, and the weighted average expected life of the options. For more detail, see NOTE 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements attached hereto. 

(2) An aggregate of 1,451,962 are vested as of December 31,
2021. The remaining 800,000 granted on August 10, 2020, will vest evenly on August 10, 2022 and August 10, 2023. 

(3) An aggregate of 1,851,962 are vested as of December 31,
2021. The remaining 800,000 granted on August 10, 2020, will vest evenly on August 10, 2022 and August 10, 2023. 

(4) An aggregate of 1,451,962 are vested as of December 31,
2021. The remaining 800,000 granted on August 10, 2020, will vest evenly on August 10, 2022 and August 10, 2023. 

(5) No granted options. 

(6) An aggregate of 1,801,962 are vested as of December 31,
2021. The remaining 800,000 granted on August 10, 2020, will vest evenly on August 10, 2022 and August 10, 2023. 

36 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Beneficial Security Ownership Table 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of March 31, 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock
by (i) each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our Common Stock, (ii) by each
of our current directors and executive officers as identified herein, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as
a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with
respect to securities. Shares of Common Stock and non-qualified stock options Options exercisable into shares of
our Common Stock within sixty (60) days of the date of this document, are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned
by the person holding the Options, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person. Unless otherwise noted, the address for all officers and directors listed below is 405 State Highway 121, Suite
B-240, Lewisville, Texas 75067. 

Title
of Class 
 
 Name and Address of Officer and Directors 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 
 Percent of Class 

Common Stock 
 Steve G. Johnson (Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director) (2) 
 
 37,237,260 (2) 
 
 9.23 

Common Stock 
 Sandra K. McRee (Chief Operating Officer) (3) 
 15,683,333 (3) 
 3.76 

Common Stock 
 Jason T. Thompson (Director and Chief Accounting Officer, Principal Financial Officer) (4) 
 
 5,189,462 (4) 
 
 1.28 

Common Stock 
 L. Allen Wheeler (Chairman of the Board) (5) 
 27,255,602 (5) 
 6.70 
 
 Common Stock 
 Steven B. Epstein (Director) (6) 
 10,311,962 (6) 
 2.53 
 
 Common Stock 
 Dr. James R. Higgins (Director) (7) 
 25,715,429 (7) 
 6.32 
 
 Common Stock 
 Jeffrey C. Lightcap (Director) (8) 
 374,000,000 (8) 
 63.95 
 
 Common Stock 
 David R. White (Director) (9) 
 2,471,962 (9) 
 0.61 
 
 Common Stock 
 All Officers Directors as a Group (8 persons) (10) 
 497,065,020 (10) 
 81.56 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, we believe that all shares are beneficially owned
and that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock owned
by them. Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 404,847,415 shares of Common Stock currently outstanding, as adjusted for
each shareholder. 

(2) This amount includes (i) 18,208,977 shares directly owned by Johnson, (ii)
3,466,667 shares due to Johnson upon exercise of vested Options, and (iii) 15,561,616 shares beneficially owned by SJ Capital,
LLC, a company controlled by Johnson. The percentage of class for Johnson is based on 403,314,082 shares which would be outstanding
if all of Johnson s vested Options were exercised. 

(3) This amount includes (i) 1,750,000 shares directly owned by McRee, (ii)
2,000,000 shares owned by Sandra McRee IRA, and (iii) 11,933,333 shares due to McRee upon exercise of vested Options. The percentage
of class for McRee is based on 416,780,748 shares which would be outstanding if all of McRee s vested Options were exercised. 

(4) This amount includes (i) 2,037,500 shares directly owned by Thompson, (ii)
1,300,000 owned by Thompson Family Investments, LLC, of which Thompson is sole manager, and (iii) 1,851,962 shares due to Thompson
upon exercise of vested Options. The percentage of class for Thompson is based on 406,699,377 shares which would be outstanding
if all of Thompson s vested Options were exercised. 

(5) This amount includes (i) 11,201,820 shares directly owned by Wheeler, (ii)
1,851,962 shares due to Wheeler upon exercise of Options, and (iii) 14,201,820 shares beneficially owned by Dozer Man, LLC, an
entity controlled by Wheeler.
The percentage of class for Wheeler is based on 406,699,377 shares which would be outstanding if all of Wheeler s vested
Options were exercised. 

37 

(6) This amount includes (i) 3,780,000 shares directly
owned by Epstein, (ii) 2,251,962 shares due to Epstein upon exercise of vested Options, (iii) 1,780,000 shares held by Epstein
Partners, LLC, to which Mr. Epstein disclaims 890,000 shares, and (iv) 2,500,000 shares held by Steven and Deborah L. Epstein.
The percentage of class for Epstein is based on 407,099,377 shares which would be outstanding if all of Epstein s vested
Options were exercised. 

(7) This amount includes (i) 17,231,445 shares directly
owned by Higgins, (ii) 1,361,538 shares jointly owned by Higgins and his wife, (iii) 5,270,484 shares held in trust by Higgins 
wife, and (iv) 1,851,962 shares due to Higgins upon exercise of vested Options. The percentage of class for Higgins is based on
406,699,377 shares which would be outstanding if all of Higgins vested Options were exercised. 

(8) HealthCor Management, LP, HealthCor Associates, LLC,
HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP, HealthCor Hybrid Offshore GP, LLC, HealthCor Group, LLC, HealthCor Partners Management,
L.P., HealthCor Partners Management GP, LLC, HealthCor Partners Fund, LP, HealthCor Partners, LP HealthCor Partners GP, LLC, and
Jeffrey C. Lightcap, as an individual (collectively, the Reporting Persons), beneficially own an aggregate of 374,000,000 shares,
representing (i) 180,000,000 shares that may be acquired upon conversion of convertible debt, (ii) 93,485,000 shares owned directly
by HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP, (iii) 86,515,000 shares owned by HealthCor Partners Fund, LP, (ii) 7,000,000 shares
owned directly by Mr. Lightcap, and (iii) 7,000,000 shares held by PENSCO Trust Company, LLC, not in a corporate capacity but
solely as Custodian for Individual Retirement Account of Jeffrey C. Lightcap. The percentage of class for Reporting Persons is
based on 584,847,415 shares which would be outstanding if the Reporting Persons convertible debt were converted. 

(9) This amount includes (i) 270,000 shares directly owned
by White (ii) 2,201,962 shares due to White upon exercise of vested Options. The percentage of class for White is based on 407,847,415
shares which would be outstanding if all of White s vested Options were exercised. 

(10) This amount includes all shares directly and beneficially
owned by all officers and directors and all shares to be issued directly and beneficially upon exercise of vested shares under
Options and upon conversion of convertible securities. The percentage of class for all officers and directors is based on 609,457,225
shares which would be outstanding if all the aforementioned Options, and convertible securities were exercised or converted. 

Under Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act, our officers, directors and beneficial shareholders may sell up to one percent (1 of the total outstanding
shares (or an amount of shares equal to the average weekly reported volume of trading during the four calendar weeks preceding
the sale) every three months provided that (1) current public information is available about our Company, (2) the shares have
been fully paid for at least one year, (3) the shares are sold in a broker s transaction or through a market-maker, and
(4) the seller files a Form 144 with the SEC if seller is an affiliate. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we acknowledge that none of our officers failed to file on a timely basis certain ownership forms required by
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act; however, five of our directors failed to file on a timely basis 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Exclusive
of the participation of certain funding activity in February and July 2018, May 2019, February 2020, and April 2022 (for more detail,
see NOTE 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements attached hereto), none of our directors, officers, or principal shareholders,
nor any associate or affiliate of the foregoing, has any interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction or in any proposed transaction,
which materially affected us during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

38 

Related Party Transactions Policy 

As
indicated hereinabove, our Board of Directors adopted a Related Party Transactions Policy and all related party transactions have
been disclosed in our applicable filings as required by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
related rules and regulations. 

Director Independence 

Although
our Board of Directors believes that our directors will exercise their judgment independently, no director is totally free of relationships
that, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, might interfere with their exercise of independent judgment as a director. 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

None. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit Fees. The aggregate amount expected to be billed for professional
services rendered by Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. RRBB for the 2022 quarterly review and the annual audit for the
year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 160,000. BDO USA, LLP BDO reviewed the periods ended March 31, 2022 and
June 30, 2022. RRBB reviewed the period ended September 30, 2022 and rendered the annual audit for the year ended December 31, 2022. BDO
billed us approximately 309,000 for professional services rendered for the annual audit for the year ended December 31, 2021 and for
quarterly reviews of our financial statements for 2021. 

Tax
Fees. The aggregate amount expected to be billed for tax return preparation for the year ended December 31, 2022 rendered by RRBB
is approximately 25,000. BDO and RRBB billed us 25,000 for tax return preparation for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors adopted a policy requiring that it pre-approve all fees paid to our independent registered
public accounting firm, regardless of the type of service. All non-audit services were reviewed with the Audit Committee, which
concluded that the provision of such services by BDO and RRBB were compatible with the maintenance of that firm s independence
in the conduct of its auditing functions. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit No. 
 Date of Document 
 
 Name of Document 
 
 3.08 
 11/06/07 
 Notice of Conversion filed in State of Nevada (to convert CareView Communications, Inc. from a California corporation to a Nevada corporation) (1) 
 
 3.09 
 11/06/07 
 Articles of Incorporation for CareView Communications, Inc. filed in State of Nevada (1) 
 
 3.10 
 06/26/19 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of CareView Communications, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 3.11 
 n/a 
 Bylaws of CareView Communications, Inc., a Nevada corporation (1) 
 
 3.12 
 04/11/19 
 Amendments to the Bylaws of CareView Communications, Inc., a Nevada corporation (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20,2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.01 
 02/02/18 
 Modification Agreement by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 

39 

10.02 
 02/02/18 
 Second Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of the Company, issued to PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.03 
 02/02/18 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and PDL Investment Holdings, LCC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.04 
 02/02/18 
 Consent and Amendment to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement and Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC and the note investors signatory to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.05 
 02/02/18 
 Consent to Credit Agreement by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.06 
 02/02/18 
 Amendment to Promissory Note to Rockwell Holdings I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018 (File No.000- 54090)) 
 
 10.07 
 02/02/18 
 Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Rockwell Holdings I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.08 
 02/23/18 
 Eighth Amendment to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, among the Company HealthCor Partners Fund LP, HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP and the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.09 
 02/23/18 
 
 Form of Eighth Amendment Supplemental Closing Note
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2018
(File No.000-54090)) 
 
 10.10 
 02/23/18 
 
 Form of Eighth Amendment Supplemental Warrant (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2018 (File No. 000-
54090)) 
 
 10.11 
 02/23/18 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., and PDL Investment Holding, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2018 (File No.000-54090)) 
 
 10.12 
 05/31/18 
 Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.13 
 06/14/18 
 Second Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.06 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.14 
 06/28/18 
 Third Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.08 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.15 
 07/10/18 
 Ninth Amendment to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, among the Company HealthCor Partners Fund LP, HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP and the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 11, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.16 
 07/13/18 
 Tenth Amendment to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, among the Company HealthCor Partners Fund LP, HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP and the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.17 
 07/13/18 
 
 Form of Tenth Amendment Supplemental Closing Note (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 

40 

10.18 
 07/13/18 
 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, by and among the
Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.19 
 08/31/18 
 Fourth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.09 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.20 
 09/28/18 
 Fifth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.21 
 11/12/18 
 Sixth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.22 
 11/19/18 
 Seventh Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.23 
 12/03/18 
 Eighth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.24 
 12/17/18 
 Ninth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2018 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.25 
 01/31/19 
 Tenth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.26 
 02/28/19 
 Eleventh Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.27 
 03/27/19 
 Eleventh Amendment to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, among the Company HealthCor Partners Fund LP, HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP and the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.28 
 03/29/19 
 Twelfth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.29 
 04/09/19 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.30 
 04/09/19 
 Amended and Restated Tranche One Term Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.31 
 04/29/19 
 Thirteenth Amendment to Modification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.32 
 05/15/19 
 Fourteenth Amendment to Modification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.33 
 05/15/19 
 Twelfth Amendment to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 000- 54090)) 

41 

10.34 
 05/15/19 
 
 Form of Twelfth Amendment Supplemental Closing Note
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019 (File
No. 000- 54090)) 
 
 10.35 
 05/15/19 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.36 
 05/15/19 
 Form of Tranche Three Term Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.37 
 05/15/19 
 Form of Tranche Three Loan Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.38 
 09/30/19 
 Fifteenth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investments, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.39 
 11/29/19 
 Sixteenth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investments, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2019 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.40 
 12/31/19 
 Seventeenth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investments, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.41 
 12/31/19 
 Second Amendment to Promissory Note to Rockwell Holdings I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.42 
 01/17/20 
 Eighteenth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2002 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.43 
 01/28/20 
 
 Nineteenth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by
and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability
company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.44 
 01/31/20 
 Third Amendment to Promissory Note to Rockwell Holdings I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.04 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.45 
 02/06/20 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.46 
 02/06/20 
 Form of Additional Tranche Three Term Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.47 
 03/31/20 
 Fourth Amendment to Promissory Note to Rockwell Holdings I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.48 
 04/17/20 
 Twentieth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.49 
 09/30/20 
 Twenty-First Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 

42 

10.50 
 11/30/20 
 Twenty-Second Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2020 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.51 
 12/31/20 
 Fifth Amendment to Promissory Note to Rockwell Holdings I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.06 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.52 
 1/31/21 
 Twenty-Third Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.53 
 5/25/21 
 Twenty-Fourth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.54 
 11/29/21 
 Twenty-Fifth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.55 
 11/30/21 
 Sixth Amendment to Promissory Note to Rockwell Holdings I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.56 
 03/08/22 
 
 Allonge No. 4 to 2011 Senior Secured Convertible Note
of the Company payable to HealthCor Partners Fund, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.57 
 03/08/22 
 
 Allonge No. 4 to 2011 Senior Secured Convertible Note
of the Company payable to HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.58 
 03/08/22 
 
 Allonge No. 4 to 2012 Senior Secured Convertible Note
of the Company payable to HealthCor Partners Fund, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.59 
 03/08/22 
 
 Allonge No. 4 to 2012 Senior Secured Convertible Note
of the Company payable to HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.60 
 03/08/22 
 Form of 2022 HealthCor Warrants (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.61 
 03/08/22 
 
 Consent and Agreement Pursuant
to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, by and among the Company, HealthCor Partners Fund, L.P., HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master
Fund, L.P). and the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.62 
 03/08/22 
 
 Consent and Agreement Regarding Note Extensions, by
and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Communications, LLC., a Texas limited liability
company, and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.63 
 06/23/22 
 
 Twenty-Sixth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by
and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability
company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.43 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.64 
 07/12/22 
 
 Allonge No. 3 to 2014 Senior Secured Convertible Note
of the Company payable to HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, L.P and HealthCor Partners Fund, L.P. (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.65 
 07/12/22 
 Allonge
 No. 3 to 2015 Senior Secured Convertible Note of the Company payable to HealthCor Partners Fund, L.P. and the investors party
 thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 

43 

10.66 
 07/12/22 
 
 Allonge No. 2 to February 2018 Senior Secured Convertible
Note of the Company payable to the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.67 
 07/12/22 
 
 Allonge No. 1 to July 2018, May 2019 and February 2020
Senior Secured Convertible Notes of the Company payable to the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.44 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.68 
 11/14/22 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.00 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.69 
 12/30/22 
 
 Twenty-Seventh Amendment to Modification Agreement,
by and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability
company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.44 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.70 
 12/30/22 
 
 Consent and Agreement to Cancel and Exchange Existing
Notes and Issue Replacement Notes and Cancel Warrants between the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.71 
 12/30.22 
 
 Form of Replacement Notes of the Company payable to
 the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on 
 
 December 30, 2022 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.72 
 02/28/23 
 
 Twenty-Eight Amendment to Modification Agreement, by
and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability
company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.45 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2023 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.73 
 03/30/23 
 
 Form of Replacement Note Conversion Agreement between
the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2023 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.74 
 03/31/23 
 
 Twenty-Ninth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by
and among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability
company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.46 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2023 (File No. 000-54090)) 
 
 10.75 
 04/29/23 
 
 Thirtieth Amendment to Modification Agreement, by and
among the Company, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation, CareView Operations, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability
company, PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, Steven G. Johnson and Dr. James R. Higgins (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.47 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2023 (File No. 000-54090)) 

21.00 
 05/19/23 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 23.1 
 05/19/23 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

31.1 
 
 05/19/23 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic
Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14a and Rule 14d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 05/19/23 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14a and Rule 15d-4(a). 
 
 32.1 
 05/19/23 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 05/19/23 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 n/a 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 n/a 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

44 

101.CAL 
 n/a 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 n/a 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 n/a 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 n/a 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DATE: May 19, 2023 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Steven G. Johnson 

Steven G. Johnson 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Jason T. Thompson 

Jason T. Thompson 

Principal Financial Officer 

Chief Accounting Officer 

46 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Steven G. Johnson and Jason
T. Thompson and each of them, his attorney-in-fact with power of substitution for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments,
supplements or other documents relating to this Annual Report on Form 10-K he deems necessary or appropriate, and to file the same,
with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such
attorney-in-fact or their substitute may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Steven G. Johnson 

Steven G. Johnson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 
 May 19, 2023 

/s/ Jason T. Thompson 

Jason T. Thompson 
 
 Director, Principal Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 May 19, 2023 

/s/ Sandra K. McRee 

Sandra K. McRee 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 May 19, 2023 

/s/ L. Allen Wheeler 

L. Allen Wheeler 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 May 19, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey C. Lightcap 

Jeffrey C. Lightcap 
 
 Director 
 
 May 19, 2023 

/s/ David R. White 

David R. White 
 
 Director 
 
 May 19, 2023 

/s/ Steven B. Epstein 

Steven B. Epstein 
 
 Director 
 
 May 19, 2023 

/s/ Dr. James R. Higgins 

Dr. James R. Higgins 
 
 Director 
 
 May 19, 2023 

47 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (RRBB, Somerset, NJ PCAOB ID#0 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, Dallas, TX PCAOB ID#243) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Careview Communications, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Careview Communications, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31,
2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and
has accumulated losses since inception that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We identified
long-term debt as a critical audit matter due to the complexity of accounting for multiple debt modifications, potential
reclassification of equity-linked contracts and amortization of debt discount under the effective interest method, management judgment
involved in determining whether the modifications met the scope of troubled debt restructurings, debt modification or extinguishment
accounting, significant estimates related to valuation of stock purchase warrants underlying the long term debt, and lack of internal
expertise and internal controls related to this audit area. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of
effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the appropriateness of accounting for debt modifications and debt discount amortization,
reasonableness of management s assessments and determinations related to whether the Company was experiencing financial difficulty
and whether the creditors had granted a concession. 

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of the controls over
the application of accounting principles to complex debt agreements, including debt modifications, and the Company s use of an outside
specialist. 

We performed a detailed review of significant debt agreements to evaluate
whether all complex accounting implications were identified and addressed, and critically evaluated the accounting for debt modifications
and other complex accounting matters as well as adequacy of disclosures. 

Tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations and evaluated significant
assumptions and the underlying data used by the Company by performing procedures to test the analyses of debt modifications, effective
interest method amortization, valuation and allocation of stock purchase warrants and evaluation of reclassification of certain contracts
in the Company's own equity. 

We used experienced personnel with extensive and
specific knowledge in this area to perform audit procedures and to evaluate the expertise, valuation assumptions and methodologies utilized
by professionals engaged by the Company with specialized skills and knowledge, and critically evaluated management s accounting
compliance and assumptions used in the valuations. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

May
19, 2023 

F- 1 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 CareView
Communications, Inc. 

 Lewisville,
TX 

 Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of CareView Communications, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

 Going
Concern Uncertainty 

 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has accumulated losses
since inception that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to
these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
BDO USA, LLP 

 We
have served as the Company's auditor from 2010 to 2022. 

Dallas,
Texas 

 March
31, 2022 

F- 2 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other Assets: 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease asset 

Other assets, net 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Notes payable 

Notes payable - related parties 

Senior secured notes - related/non-related parties, net of debt discount and debt costs of and , respectively 

Operating lease liability 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities: 

Senior secured convertible notes - related/non-related parties; net of debt discount and debt costs of and , respectively 

Senior secured convertible notes, net of debt discount and debt costs of and , respectively 

Operating lease liability 

Other liability 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11) 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock - par value ; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock - par value ; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues: 

Subscription-based lease revenue 

Sales-based equipment package revenue 

Sales-based software bundle revenue 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of equipment 

Network operations 

General and administration 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income and (expense) 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Gain on Troubled Debt Restructuring 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net Loss 

Net loss per share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Options granted as compensation 

Issuance of warrants to purchase common stock 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of warrants to purchase common stock 

Options granted as compensation 

Related party troubled debt restructuring 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31 2022 
 December 31 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of deferred installation costs 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance and debt financing costs 

Non-cash lease expense 

Interest incurred and paid in kind 

Stock based compensation related to options granted 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 (1,489,357 

Loss on disposal of intangibles 
 38,325 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Payment for deferred installation costs 

Patent, trademark, and other intangible assets costs 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from board investment 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from other long term liabilities 

Net cash flows provided by (used) in financing activities 

Increase in cash 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Additions to vehicles financed by vehicle loan 

Cancellation of accrued interest 

Issuance of warrants for debt discount 
 240000 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CAREVIEW
COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CAREVIEW
COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, was recorded. 

. Depreciation of office and test equipment, warehouse equipment and furniture is computed
using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally for office and test equipment,
and for warehouse equipment and furniture. 

and , respectively, was recorded in other assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

. Additionally, we test our intangible assets for impairment whenever circumstances
indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. No impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

for trademarks and for patents.
We begin amortization of these costs on the date patents or trademarks are awarded. 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

Software bundle (over time) 

Total sales-based contract revenue 

Subscription-based lease revenue 

Gross revenue 

Contract
Liabilities 

Our
subscription-based contracts payment arrangements are required to be paid monthly which are recognized into revenue when received.
Some customers choose to pay their subscription fee in advance. Customer payments received in advance of satisfaction of the related
performance obligations are deferred as contract liabilities. These amounts are recorded as deferred revenue in
our condensed consolidated balance sheet and recognized into revenues over time. 

Our
sales-based contract payment arrangements with our customers typically include an initial equipment payment due upon signing of
the contract and subsequent payments when certain performance obligations are completed. Customer payments received in advance
of satisfaction of related performance obligations are deferred as contract liabilities. These amounts are recorded as deferred
revenue in our consolidated balance sheet and recognized into revenues as either a point in time or over time. 

 and , respectively, of the beginning balance of the subscription-based
contract liability was recognized as revenue. The table below details the subscription-based contract liability activity during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the years ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Balance, beginning of period 

Additions 

Transfer to revenue 

Balance, end of period 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total of and , respectively, of the beginning balance of the sales-based
contract liability was recognized as revenue. The table below details the sales-based contract liability activity during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the years ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Balance, beginning of period 

Additions 

Transfer to revenue 

Balance, end of period 

and will be recognized into revenue
over time as follows: 

Years Ending December 31, 
 Amount 
 
 2023 

2024 

Thereafter 

Deferred revenue is included in other current liabilities in the accompanying
Balance Sheet. 

Based
on our contracts, with exception to initial equipment sales, we invoice customers once our performance obligations have been
satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional. Accounts receivable is recorded when the right to consideration becomes
unconditional and are reported accordingly in our consolidated financial statements. 

We
defer and capitalize all costs associated with the installation of the CareView System into a healthcare facility until the
CareView System is fully operational and accepted by the healthcare facility. Installation costs are specifically
identifiable based on the amounts we are charged from third party installers or directly identifiable labor hours incurred
for each installation. Upon acceptance, the associate costs are expensed on a straight-line basis over the life of the
contract with the healthcare facility. These costs are included in network operations on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

Additions 

Transfer to expense 

Balance, end of period 

Significant
Judgements When Applying Topic 606 

Contracts
with our customers are typically structured similarly and include various combinations of our products, software solutions, and
related services. Determining whether the various contract promises are considered distinct performance obligations that should
be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. 

Contract
transaction price is allocated to distinct performance obligations using estimated standalone selling price. We determine standalone
selling price maximizing observable inputs such as standalone sales, competitor standalone sales, or substantive renewal prices
charged to customers when they exist. In instances where standalone selling price is not observable, we utilize an estimate of
standalone selling price. Such estimates are derived from various methods that include cost plus margin, and historical pricing
practices. Judgment may be required to determine standalone selling prices for each performance obligation and whether it depicts
the amount we expect to receive in exchange for the related good or service. 

Contract
modifications occur when we and our customers agree to modify existing customer contracts to change the scope or price (or both)
of the contract or when a customer terminates some, or all, of the existing services provided by us. When a contract modification
occurs, it requires us to exercise judgment to determine if the modification should be accounted for as a separate contract, the
termination of the original contract and creation of a new contract, a cumulative catch-up adjustment to the original contract,
or a combination. 

Contracts
with our customers include a limited warranty on our products covering materials, workmanship, or design for the duration of contract.
We do not offer paid additional extended or lifetime warranty packages. We determined the limited warranty in our contract is
not a distinct performance obligation. We do not believe our estimates of warranty costs to be significant to our determination
of revenue recognition, and, therefore; did not reserve for warranty costs. 

. At the lease commencement
date, an operating lease liability and related operating lease asset are recognized. The operating lease liabilities are calculated
using the present value of lease payments. The discount rate used is either the rate implicit in the lease, when known, or our
estimated incremental borrowing rate. Operating lease assets are valued based on the initial operating lease liabilities plus
any prepaid rent and direct costs from executing the leases 

of our revenue, while no other customer comprised more than 10 . During 2021, no customer comprised more than 10 of our revenue. 

As
of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an operating net working capital of ,
which is accounts receivable plus inventory minus accounts payable. Management has evaluated the significance of the conditions
described above in relation to the Company s ability to meet its obligations and concluded that, without additional
funding, the Company will not have sufficient funds to meet its obligations within one year from the date the consolidated financial
statements were issued. These conditions raise substantial doubt abput the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
While management will look to continue funding operations by increased sales volumes and raising additional capital from sources
such as sales of its debt or equity securities or loans to meet operating cash requirements, there is no assurance that
management s plans will be successful. 

Management
continues to monitor the immediate and future cash flows needs of the company in a variety of ways which include forecasted net
cash flows from operations, capital expenditure control, new inventory orders, debt modifications, increases sales outreach, streamlining
and controlling general and administrative costs, competitive industry pricing, sale of equities, debt conversions, new product
or services offerings, and new business partnerships. 

The
Company s net losses, cash outflows, and working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company
will continue as a going concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of the Company s assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. A successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon
achieving a level of positive cash flows adequate to support the Company s cost structure. 

shares of Preferred Stock, par value authorized, and shares outstanding,
which can be designated by our Board of Directors. 

Common
Stock 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had shares of Common Stock, par value, respectively, authorized, and 
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. On November 14, 2022, the Company entered into a Common Stock purchase agreement
with five of the Company s Board of Directors. The Company sold and issued shares of Common Stock at a cash price
of per share (or ). There was no Common Stock issued during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Warrants
to Purchase Common Stock of the Company 

We
use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model Black-Scholes Model to determine the fair value of Warrants.
The Black-Scholes Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the weighted average
risk-free interest rate, and the weighted average term of the Warrant. 

The
risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on zero coupon U.S. Treasury bonds whose maturity period
is appropriate for the term of the Warrants and is calculated by using the average daily historical stock prices through the day
preceding the grant date. Estimated volatility is a measure of the amount by which our stock price is expected to fluctuate each
year during the expected life of the award. Our estimated volatility is an average of the historical volatility of our stock prices
(and that of peer entities whose stock prices were publicly available) over a period equal to the expected life of the awards. 

Active
Warrant Holders 

- 

Granted 

Expired 

Canceled 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Granted 

Expired 

Canceled 

Ending
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Warrant
Activity During 2022 

In
March 2022, we issued, ten -year Warrants (with a fair value of at an exercise price of per share to HealthCor
Partners Fund, LP. 

In
March 2022, we issued ten -year Warrants (with a fair value of at an exercise price of per share to HealthCor
Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP. 

In
December 2022, the Existing Investors agreed to the cancellation by the Company and the forfeiting of their respective rights
in and to the 2011 Warrants, 2014 Supplemental Warrants, Fifth Amendment Supplemental Warrants, Sixth Amendment Supplemental Warrants,
Eighth Amendment Supplemental Warrants, 2021 Warrants and 2022 Warrants (collectively, the Warrants ). 

See
Note 14 for further details. 

Warrant Activity During 2021 

In
April 2021, we issued ten -year Warrants (with a fair value of at an exercise price of per share to HealthCor
Partners Fund, LP. 

In
April 2021, we issued ten -year Warrants (with a fair value of at an exercise price of per share to HealthCor
Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP. 

Stock
Options 

The
Company s Stock Incentive Plans include the CareView Communications, Inc. s 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 2007
Plan ), 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2009 Plan ), 2015 Stock Option Plan (the 2015 Plan ), 2016
Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan ), and 2020 Stock Option Plan the 2020 Plan pursuant to which ,
 , , and shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of options,
respectively. The Stock Incentive Plans are designed to serve as an incentive for retaining our qualified and competent key employees,
officers and directors, and certain consultants and advisors. The Stock Options vest over and have an
exercise period of from the date of issuance. 

At
December 31, 2022, Plan Options to purchase shares of our Common Stock have been issued with remaining outstanding
under the 2007 Plan, Plan Options to purchase shares have been issued with remaining outstanding under the 2009
Plan, Plan Options to purchase shares have been issued with remaining outstanding under the 2015 Plan, Plan
Options to purchase shares have been issued with remaining outstanding under the 2016 Plan, and Plan Options
to purchase shares have been issued with remaining outstanding under the 2020 Plan. 

The
valuation methodology used to determine the fair value Plan Options (the Option(s) issued was the Black- Scholes
Model. The Black-Scholes Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the weighted
average risk-free interest rate, and the weighted average expected term of the options. 

Share-based
compensation expense for Options charged to our operating results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were
 and , respectively. The estimate of forfeitures is to be recorded at the time of grant and revised in subsequent
periods if actual forfeitures differ from the estimates. We have not included an adjustment to our stock-based compensation expense
based on the nominal amount of the historical forfeiture rate. We do, however, revise our stock-based compensation expense based
on actual forfeitures during each reporting period. 

At
December 31, 2022, total unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to non-vested Options granted was ,
which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 
 . No tax benefit was realized due to a continued pattern of operating losses. 

 and , respectively. The decrease in the valuation
allowance during 2022 was mainly attributable to write-downs of gross deferred tax assets. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had approximately of U.S. federal net operating tax loss carryforward, some of which begins to expire
in 2028 . In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code, the usage of the Company's Federal Carryforwards could be limited
in the event of a change in ownership. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not completed an analysis as to whether or not an ownership
change has occurred. We are currently subject to the general three-year statute of limitations for federal tax. Under this general rule,
the earliest period subject to potential audit is 2019. For years in which the Company may utilize its net operating losses, the IRS
has the ability to examine the tax year that generated those losses and propose adjustments up to the amount of losses utilized. 

The
Company applies the FASB's provisions for uncertain tax positions. The Company utilizes the two-step process to determine the amount
of recognized tax benefit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the consolidated financial
statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant
tax authority. The Company recognizes interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. 

As
of December 31, 2022, management does not believe the Company has any material uncertain tax positions that would require it to measure
and reflect the potential lack of sustainability of a position on audit in its financial statements. The Company will continue to evaluate
its uncertain tax positions in future periods to determine if measurement and recognition in its financial statements is necessary. The
Company does not believe there will be any material changes in its unrecognized tax positions over the next year. 

Sub-total: 

Deferred 

Federal 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Sub-total: 

Total 

Debt discount amortization 

Permanently disallowed interest 

Non-taxable debt forgiveness income 

Deferred tax adjustments 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Other reconciling items 

Change in valuation account 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Accrued interest 

Stock based compensation 

Intangible assets 

Fixed assets 

Accrued liabilities 

Charitable contributions carryforward 

Inventory reserve 

Bad debt allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 Research and development credit carry-forward 

Debt discount 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

TOTAL INVENTORY 

F- 21 

CAREVIEW
COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TOTAL OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 

Office equipment 

Vehicles 

Test equipment 

Furniture 

Warehouse equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

TOTAL PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Depreciation expense for
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was and , respectively. 

Other intangible assets 

TOTAL INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

December 31, 2021 

Cost 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net 
 
 Patents and trademarks 

Other intangible assets 

TOTAL INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Deferred Sales Commissions 

Prepaid license fee 

Security deposit 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

December 31, 2021 

Cost 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net 
 
 Deferred installation costs 

Deferred Sales Commissions 

Prepaid license fee 

Security deposit 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

Accrued interest, related parties 

Allowance for system removal 

Accrued paid time off 

Deferred officer compensation (1) 

Deferred revenue 

Insurance premium financing (2) 

Other accrued liabilities 

TOTAL OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 

(1) 

(2) 

F- 23 

CAREVIEW
COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other 

2024 
 Related Party 

Other 

2025 
 Related Party 

Other 

2026 
 Related Party 

Other 

Thereafter 
 Related Party 

Other 

Total 

Consent and Agreement to Cancel and Exchange Existing
Notes and Warrants 

On December 30, 2022, CareView entered into a consent and agreement to
cancel and exchange existing notes and issue replacement notes and cancel warrants (the Cancellation Agreement with certain
holders (the Investors of senior secured convertible promissory notes Notes and warrants Warrants to purchase the Company s common stock, that were issued pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as
of April 21, 2011 (as amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time) (the Purchase Agreement ). The Cancellation Agreement
provided for the cancellation of all outstanding Notes (with a total aggregate outstanding amount of approximately 88,949,000) and Warrants
(for the purchase of an aggregate of approximately 14,204,000 shares of common stock) issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement in exchange
for the issuance of replacement senior secured convertible promissory notes (the Replacement Notes with an aggregate principal
amount of 44,200,000. 

months. 

On March 4, 2020, we
entered into the Fourth Amendment to Commercial Lease Agreement (the Lease Extension ), wherein we extended the Lease
through . The Lease Extension contains a renewal provision under which the Lease has been extended for an additional
 five -year period under the same terms and conditions of the original Lease Agreement. Management has identified this extension
as a reassessment event, as we have elected to exercise the Lease Extension option even though the Company had previously determined
that it was not reasonably certain to do so. 

The Company has reassessed
the discount rate at the remeasurement date, at and the Company has remeasured its ROU asset and lease liability on our balance
sheet using the discount rate that applies as of the date of the reassessment event to remeasure its Operating lease asset and
lease liability. The reassessment is based on the remaining lease term and lease payments. The Company has further concluded that
the Lease Extension has no effects on the classification of the Lease. Rent expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Lease Position 

Total lease asset 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Operating lease liability 

Long-term liabilities: 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total lease liability 

Undiscounted Cash Flows 

2024 

2025 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less effects of discounting 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

million in two tranches of million each. Tranche One was funded on October 8, 2015 (the Tranche One Loan ).
Pursuant to the terms of the PDL Credit Agreement and having not met the Tranche Two Milestones by July 26, 2017, the Tranche Two
funding was terminated in full. 

From October 8, 2015 through
May 14, 2019, the outstanding borrowings under the Tranche One Loan bore interest at the rate of per annum, payable quarterly.
On May 15, 2019, pursuant to the terms of the Fifth Amendment to the PDL Credit Agreement (see below for additional details), the
interest increased to per annum, payable quarterly. Also, on May 15, 2019, pursuant to the terms of the Fourteenth Amendment
to the PDL Modification Agreement (see below for additional details), the minimum cash balance requirement of was reduced
to . 

On
January 31, 2019, February 28, 2019, March 29, 2019 and April 29, 2019, the Company and Lender entered into the Tenth, Eleventh,
Twelfth, and Thirteenth Amendments to the PDL Modification Agreement, as previously amended, respectively, pursuant to which the
parties agreed to amend the PDL Modification Agreement to provide that (A) the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s
sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and, pursuant to the Thirteenth Amendment to the PDL
Modification Agreement, May 15, 2019 (rather than January 31, February 28, June 30, and April 30, respectively) (with each such
date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); (B) the Company could satisfy its obligations under the PDL
Modification Agreement, as amended, to obtain financing by obtaining (a) at least in net cash proceeds from the issuance
of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or Debt on or prior to February 23, 2018 and (b) an additional (i) 
in net cash proceeds from the issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or Debt on or prior to July 13,
2018 and (ii) in net cash proceeds from the issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or Debt
on or prior to May 15, 2019 (rather than January 31, February 28, June 30, and April 30, respectively) (resulting in aggregate
net cash proceeds of at least ); and (C) the Company s quarterly interest payments that would otherwise have been
due to Lender on December 31, 2018 and June 30, 2019 would be deferred until May 15, 2019 (the end of the extended Modification
Period) and that such deferral would be a Covered Event. 

On April 9, 2019, the Company,
PDL Investment entered into a Fourth Amendment to PDL Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment to the PDL Credit Agreement ),
wherein the Company executed an Amended and Restated Tranche One Term Note in the principal amount of to PDL Investments
(the Amended Tranche One Loan ), pursuant to which the parties agreed, among other things, to amend the note from
registered to unregistered form. 

On May 15, 2019, the
Company, the Lender, Steven G. Johnson (our Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer), individually, and
Dr. James R. Higgins (a member of our board of directors), individually (Mr. Johnson and Dr. Higgins, collectively, the
 Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Fifth Amendment to the PDL Credit Agreement (the Fifth PDL Credit
Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the PDL Credit Agreement to, among other things,
(i) provide for a new tranche of term loan in the aggregate principal amount of , from the Tranche Three Lenders,
with a maturity date of and bearing interest at the rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears
(subject to the terms of the PDL Modification Agreement, as amended) (the Tranche Three Loan (ii) increase
the interest rate for outstanding borrowings under the Amended Tranche One Loan from per annum to per annum,
payable quarterly in arrears (subject to the terms of the PDL Modification Agreement, as amended), effective May 15, 2019,;
and (iii) provide for the issuance of the Twelfth Amendment Note, pursuant to the terms of the Twelfth Amendment to the
HealthCor Agreement (see NOTE 10 for details). Under the accounting standards, we determined that the restructuring of the
Tranche One Loan resulted in a troubled debt restructuring. As the future cash flows were greater than the carrying amount of
the debt at the date of the amendment, we accounted for the change prospectively using the new effective interest rate. Also
on May 15, 2019, upon the execution of the Fifth PDL Credit Agreement Amendment, (i) the Company sold and issued the Tranche
Three Lenders term notes in the aggregate principal amount of , payable in accordance with the terms of the PDL
Credit Agreement (the Tranche Three Loans ), from Mr. Johnson and from Dr. Higgins, and (ii)
the Company issued a warrant for the purchase of shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price per share equal to
 (subject to adjustment as described therein) and an expiration date of (the Tranche Three Loan
Warrant ), to Dr. Higgins in connection with his Tranche Three Loan. Mr. Johnson declined to be issued a Tranche
Three Loan Warrant. 

On May 15, 2019 the
Company and the Lender entered into the Fourteenth Amendment to the PDL Modification Agreement (the Fourteenth
Amendment to the PDL Modification Agreement ), pursuant to which, in connection with the Twelfth Amendment to the
HealthCor Purchase Agreement (see NOTE 10 for further details) and the Fifth Amendment to the PDL Credit Agreement, the
parties agreed to amend the PDL Modification Agreement, as previously amended, to provide that (A) the dates on which the
Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and
September 30, 2019 (with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); (B) the Borrower
could satisfy its obligations under the PDL Modification Agreement, as amended, to obtain financing by obtaining (a) at least
 in net cash proceeds from the issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or Debt on or
prior to February 23, 2018 and (b) an additional (i) in net cash proceeds from the issuance of Capital Stock
(other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or Debt on or prior to July 13, 2018 and (ii) in net cash proceeds from the
issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or Debt on or prior to May 15, 2019 (resulting in aggregate
net cash proceeds of at least ); (C) the Liquidity required during the Modification Period would be lowered to 
from ; and (D) the Company s interest payments that would otherwise be due to Lender on December 31, 2018, June
30, 2019 and June 30, 2019 would be deferred until September 30, 2019 (the end of the extended Modification Period) and that
such deferrals would be a Covered Event. 

On
September 30, 2019, the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor and the Lender entered into a Fifteenth Amendment to Modification
Agreement (the Fifteenth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Modification
Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification
Period would be July 31, 2018 and November 30, 2019 (with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion);
and that the Borrower s interest payments that would otherwise be due to Lender on December 31, 2018, June 30, 2019, June
30, 2019, and September 30, 2019 would be deferred until November 30, 2019 (the end of the extended Modification Period) and that
such deferrals would be a Covered Event. 

On November 29, 2019,
the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor and the Lender entered into a Sixteenth Amendment to Modification
Agreement (the Sixteenth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the
Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to
terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 (with each such date permitted to be extended
by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s interest payments that would otherwise be due to Lender
on December 31, 2018, June 30, 2019, June 30, 2019, and September 30, 2019 would be deferred until December 31, 2019 (the end
of the extended Modification Period) and that such deferrals would be a Covered Event. 

On
December 31, 2019, the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor and the Lender entered into a Seventeenth Amendment to Modification
Agreement (the Seventeenth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Modification
Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification
Period would be July 31, 2018 and January 17, 2020 (with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion);
and that the Borrower s interest payments that would otherwise be due to Lender on December 31, 2018, June 30, 2019, June
30, 2019, September 30, 2019, and December 31, 2019 would be deferred until January 17, 2020 (the end of the extended Modification
Period) and that such deferrals would be a Covered Event. 

On January 17, 2020, the
Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor and the Lender entered into an Eighteenth Amendment to Modification Agreement (the
 Eighteenth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement
to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period
would be July 31, 2018 and January 28, 2020 (with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion);
and that the Borrower s interest payments that would otherwise be due to Lender on December 31, 2018, June 30, 2019, June
30, 2019, September 30, 2019, and December 31, 2019 would be deferred until January 28, 2020 (the end of the extended Modification
Period) and that such deferrals would be a Covered Event. 

On January 28, 2020, the
Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor and the Lender entered into a Nineteenth Amendment to Modification Agreement
(the Nineteenth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the
Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to
terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and (i) April 30, 2020 (provided that Borrower obtains at least
 in cash proceeds from the issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or Debt subordinated to
the Tranche One Loan (as defined in the Credit Agreement) pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in
the Credit Agreement) on or prior to February 11, 2020) or (ii) February 11, 2020 (if Borrower has not obtained such cash
proceeds by such date) (with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the
Borrower s interest payments that would otherwise be due to Lender on December 31, 2018, June 30, 2019, June 30, 2019,
September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, and June 30, 2020 would be deferred until the end of the extended Modification Period
(but with respect to the June 30, 2020 interest payment, such payment would be deferred only in the event that the end of the
extended Modification Period is April 30, 2020 rather than February 11, 2020; otherwise the Borrower will make the interest
payment due under the Credit Agreement on June 30, 2020), and that such deferrals would be a Covered Event. 

The Company has evaluated
the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Modification Agreement Amendments and as the effective borrowing rate under the restructured agreement
is less than the effective borrowing rate on the old agreement, a concession is deemed to have been granted under ASC 470-60-55-10.
As a concession has been granted, the agreement is to be accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by debtors (TDR) under
ASC 470-60. 

On
February 6, 2020, the Company, the Borrower, the Lender (in its capacity as administrative agent and lender) and the Tranche Three
Lenders entered into a Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Sixth Credit Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which
the parties agreed to amend the Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) provide for additional funding under the Tranche Three
Loan, in the aggregate principal amount of , from the Tranche Three Lenders (the Additional Tranche Three Loan ),
with a maturity date of (the fifth anniversary of the funding date of the Tranche One Loan (as defined in the Credit
Agreement)), with outstanding borrowings bearing interest at the rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears (subject
to the terms of the Modification Agreement, as amended), and with payment of the Additional Tranche Three Loan and any other Obligations
(as defined in the Credit Agreement) incurred in connection with the Additional Tranche Three Loan subordinated and subject in
right and time of payment to the Payment in Full (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of the Tranche One Loan and any other Obligations
incurred in connection with the Tranche One Loan, to the extent and in the manner set forth in the Credit Agreement; and (ii) provide
for the issuance of the Thirteenth Amendment Supplemental Closing Note. 

Also on February 6,
2020, upon the execution of the Sixth Credit Agreement Amendment, (i) the Borrower borrowed the Additional Tranche Three Loan
and issued to the Tranche Three Lenders term notes in the aggregate principal amount of , payable in accordance with
the terms of the Credit Agreement (the Additional Tranche Three Term Notes ), from Mr. Johnson and
 from Dr. Higgins, and (ii) the Company issued a warrant for the purchase of shares of Common Stock, with
an exercise price per share equal to (subject to adjustment as described therein) and expiration date of (the Additional Tranche Three Loan Warrant ), to Dr. Higgins in connection with his Additional Tranche
Three Loan. Mr. Johnson declined to be issued an Additional Tranche Three Loan Warrant. Mr. Johnson is our Chief Executive
Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer and is one of our directors. Dr. Higgins is one of our directors. 

On April 17, 2020, the
Company and PDL Investment Holdings, LLC, entered into a Consent and Agreement Regarding SBA Loan Agreement (the PDL Consent
Agreement ), pursuant to which the Lender (i) consented under the Credit Agreement to the Borrower s issuing the Promissory
Note and borrowing the SBA Loan and (ii) agreed that the SBA Loan would be deemed to be debt that is permitted under the Credit
Agreement and Loan Documents. 

On April 17, 2020, the Company
and the Lender entered into a Twentieth Amendment to the PDL Modification Agreement (the Twentieth Modification Agreement
Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which
the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and September
30, 2020 (with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s interest
payments that would otherwise be due to Lender on December 31, 2018, June 30, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, December
31, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2020 would be deferred until September 30, 2020 (the end of the extended Modification Period),
and that such deferrals would be a Covered Event. The Company has evaluated the Twentieth Modification Agreement Amendment and
as the effective borrowing rate under the restructured agreement is less than the effective borrowing rate on the old agreement,
a concession is deemed to have been granted under ASC 470-60-55-10. As a concession has been granted, the agreement is to be accounted
for as a troubled debt restructuring by debtors (TDR) under ASC 470-60. 

On September 30, 2020,
the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Twenty-First
Amendment to Modification Agreement (the Twenty- First Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the
parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the
Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and November 30, 2020 (with each
such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments
that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30,
2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and October 7, 2020 and (ii) payments for
principal and for any other Obligations then outstanding under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would
otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on October 7, 2020, would each be deferred until November 30, 2020 (the end of
the extended Modification Period), and that such deferrals would be a Covered Event. The Company has evaluated the
Twenty-First Modification Agreement Amendment and as the effective borrowing rate under the restructured agreement is less
than the effective borrowing rate on the old agreement, a concession is deemed to have been granted under ASC 470-60-55-10.
As a concession has been granted, the agreement is to be accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by debtors (TDR)
under ASC 470-60. 

On November 30, 2020, the
Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Twenty-Second Amendment
to Modification Agreement (the Twenty-Second Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed
to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion,
to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and January 31, 2021 (with each such date permitted to be extended
by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments that would otherwise be due under the
Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June
30, 2020, September 30, 2020, and October 7, 2020 and (ii) payments for principal and for any other Obligations then outstanding
under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on October 7, 2020,
would each be deferred until January 31, 2021 (the end of the extended Modification Period) and that such deferrals would be a
Covered Event. The Company has evaluated the Twenty-Second Modification Agreement Amendment and as the effective borrowing rate
under the restructured agreement is less than the effective borrowing rate on the old agreement, a concession is deemed to have
been granted under ASC 470-60-55-10. As a concession has been granted, the agreement is to be accounted for as a troubled debt
restructuring by debtors (TDR) under ASC 470-60. 

On
January 31, 2021, the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a
Twenty-Third Amendment to Modification Agreement (the Twenty-Third Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to
which the parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s
sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and January 31, 2021 (with each such date permitted
to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments that would otherwise
be due under the Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, March
31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020, and October 7, 2020 and (ii) payments for principal and for any other Obligations
then outstanding under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement
on October 7, 2020, would each be deferred until May 31, 2021 (the end of the extended Modification Period) and that such deferrals
would be a Covered Event. The Company has evaluated the Twenty-Third Modification Agreement Amendment and as the effective borrowing
rate under the restructured agreement is less than the effective borrowing rate on the old agreement, a concession is deemed to
have been granted under ASC 470-60-55-10. As a concession has been granted, the agreement was accounted for as a troubled debt
restructuring by debtors (TDR) under ASC 470-60. 

On May 25, 2021, the
Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Twenty-Fourth
Amendment to Modification Agreement (the Twenty-Fourth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the
parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the
Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and November 30, 2021 (with each
such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments
that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30,
2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020, October 7, 2020, and (ii) payments for principal
and for any other Obligations then outstanding under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would otherwise be
due under the Credit Agreement on October 7, 2020, would each be deferred until November 30, 2021 (the end of the extended
Modification) and that such deferrals would be a Covered Event. The Company has evaluated the Twenty-Fourth Modification
Agreement Amendment and as the effective borrowing rate under the restructured agreement is less than the effective borrowing
rate on the old agreement, a concession is deemed to have been granted under ASC 470-60-55-10. As a concession has been
granted, the agreement is to be accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by debtors (TDR) under ASC 470-60. 

On November 29, 2021, the
Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Twenty-Fifth Amendment
to Modification Agreement (the Twenty-Fifth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed
to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion,
to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and June 30, 2022 (with each such date permitted to be extended by
the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments that would otherwise be due under the
Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June
30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and October 7, 2020 and (ii) payments for principal and for any other Obligations then outstanding
under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on October 7, 2020,
would each be deferred until June 30, 2022 (the end of the extended Modification) and that such deferrals would be a covered event.
The Company has evaluated the Twenty-Fifth Modification Agreement Amendment and as the effective borrowing rate under the restructured
agreement is less than the effective borrowing rate on the old agreement, a concession is deemed to have been granted under ASC
470-60-55-10. As a concession has been granted, the agreement is to be accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by debtors
(TDR) under ASC 470-60. 

On June 23, 2022, the Company,
the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Twenty-Sixth Amendment to Modification
Agreement (the Twenty-Sixth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the
Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate
the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and June 30, 2022 (with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in
its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement
on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September
30, 2020, October 7, 2020 and June 30, 2022 and (ii) payments for principal and for any other Obligations then outstanding under
the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on June 30, 2022, would
each be deferred until December 31, 2022 (the end of the extended Modification) and that such deferrals would be a covered event.
The Company has evaluated the Twenty- Sixth Modification Agreement Amendment and as the effective borrowing rate under the restructured
agreement is less than the effective borrowing rate on the old agreement, a concession is deemed to have been granted under ASC
470-60-55-10. As a concession has been granted, the agreement is to be accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by debtors
(TDR) under ASC 470-60. 

On December 30, 2022,
the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Twenty-Seventh
Amendment to Modification Agreement (the Twenty- Seventh Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which
the parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the
Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and February 28, 2023 (with each
such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments
that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30,
2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and October 7, 2020 and (ii) payments for
principal and for any other Obligations then outstanding under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would
otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on October 7, 2020, would each be deferred until February 28, 2023 (the end of
the extended Modification Period) and that such deferrals would be a covered event. The Company has evaluated the
Twenty-seventh Modification Agreement Amendment and as the effective borrowing rate under the restructured agreement is less
than the effective borrowing rate on the old agreement, a concession is deemed to have been granted under ASC 470-60-55-10.
As a concession has been granted, the agreement is to be accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by debtors (TDR)
under ASC 470-60. 

Accounting Treatment 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company and Lender had entered into 27 amendments to the PDL Modification Agreement (as detailed above), resulting in restructuring
of the PDL Credit Agreement and the accounting treatment of the related costs. The amendments entered into during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 qualified for troubled debt restructuring accounting. As appropriate, we expensed the legal costs paid
to third parties. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, pursuant to the terms of the PDL Modification Agreement, as
amended, and , respectively, was recorded as interest expense on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

and , respectively (collectively the 2011 HealthCor Notes ). The 2011 HealthCor
Notes have a maturity date of . We also issued Warrants to HealthCor for the purchase of an aggregate of up to
 and shares, respectively, of our Common Stock at an exercise price of per share (collectively the
 2011 HealthCor Warrants ). So long as no event of default has occurred, the outstanding principal balances of
the 2011 HealthCor Notes accrue interest from April 21, 2011 through April 20, 2016 (the First Five-Year Note
Period at the rate of per annum, compounding quarterly and shall be added to the outstanding principal balances
of the 2011 HealthCor Notes on the last day of each calendar quarter. Interest accruing from April 21, 2016 through April 20,
2021 (the Second Five Year Note Period at a rate of per annum, compounding quarterly, may be paid
quarterly in arrears in cash or, at our option, such interest may be added to the outstanding principal balances of the 2011
HealthCor Notes on the last day of each calendar quarter. For the period from April 21, 2016 through September 30, 2018
interest has been added to the outstanding principal balance. Pursuant to the terms of the Ninth Amendment, the accrual of
interest has been suspended after September 30, 2018. From the date any event of default occurs, the interest rate, then
applicable, shall be increased by five percent per annum. HealthCor has the right, upon an event of default, to declare
due and payable any unpaid principal amount of the 2011 HealthCor Notes then outstanding, plus previously accrued but unpaid
interest and charges, together with the interest then scheduled to accrue (calculated at the default rate described in the
immediately preceding sentence) through the end of the First Five Year Note Period or the Second Five Year Note Period, as
applicable. Subject to the terms of the Ninth Amendment as discussed below, HealthCor s ability to convert any portion
of the outstanding and unpaid accrued interest on and principal balances of the 2011 HealthCor Notes into fully paid and
nonassessable shares of our Common Stock has been eliminated. The warrants issued with this Note were cancelled with the
Ninth-Amendment dated July 10, 2018. 

On January 31, 2012,
we entered the Second Amendment to the HealthCor Purchase Agreement with HealthCor (the Second Amendment amending
the HealthCor Purchase Agreement and sold Senior Secured Convertible Notes to HealthCor in the principal amounts of 
and , respectively (collectively the 2012 HealthCor Notes ). As provided by the Second Amendment, the 2012
HealthCor Notes are in substantially the same form as the 2011 HealthCor Notes, with changes to the Issuance Date, 
 Maturity Date, First Five-Year Note Period and other terms to consider the timing of the issuance of
the 2012 HealthCor Notes. The 2012 HealthCor Notes have a maturity date of January 30, 2022. 

On
January 16, 2014, we entered a Fourth Amendment to the HealthCor Purchase Agreement with HealthCor (the Fourth Amendment and sold Senior Secured Convertible Notes to HealthCor in the principal amounts of and (collectively the
 2014 HealthCor Notes ). As provided by the Fourth Amendment, the 2014 HealthCor Notes are in substantially
the same form as the 2011 HealthCor Notes, with changes to the Issuance Date, Maturity Date, First
Five-Year Note Period and other terms to consider the timing of the issuance of the 2014 HealthCor Notes. The 2014 HealthCor
Notes have a maturity date of . 

On December 4, 2014, we entered
into a Fifth Amendment to the HealthCor Purchase Agreement (the Fifth Amendment with HealthCor and certain additional
investors (such additional investors, the 2015 Investors and, collectively with HealthCor, the Investors and agreed to sell and issue (i) additional notes in the initial aggregate principal amount of ,with a conversion price
per share of (subject to adjustment as described therein) (the Fifth Amendment Notes and (ii) additional Warrants
for an aggregate of up to shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price per share of (subject to adjustment as
described therein) (the Fifth Amendment Warrants ). As provided by the Fifth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment Notes
are in substantially the same form as the 2011 HealthCor Notes, with changes to the Issuance Date, Maturity
Date, First Five-Year Note Period and other terms to consider the timing of the issuance of the Fifth Amendment
Notes. The Fifth Amendment Notes have a maturity date of . 

On February 23, 2018,
we entered into an Eighth Amendment to the HealthCor Purchase Agreement (the Eighth Amendment with HealthCor, the
2015 Investors and certain investors (such additional investors, the February 2018 Investors and agreed to sell
and issue (i) additional notes in the initial aggregate principal amount of ,with a conversion price per share of 
(subject to adjustment as described therein) (the Eighth Amendment Notes and (ii) additional Warrants for an aggregate
of up to shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price per share of (subject to adjustment as described therein)
(the Eighth Amendment Warrants ). As provided by the Eighth Amendment, the Eighth Amendment Notes are in substantially
the same form as the 2011 HealthCor Notes, with changes to the Issuance Date, Maturity Date, First
Five-Year Note Period and other terms to consider the timing of the issuance of the Eighth Amendment Notes. The Eighth Amendment
Notes have a maturity date of . 

On July 10, 2018, we
entered into the Ninth Amendment to the HealthCor Purchase Agreement (the Ninth Amendment with HealthCor, the
2015 Investors and the February 2018 Investors, pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the HealthCor Purchase
Agreement, the 2011 HealthCor Notes, the 2012 HealthCor Notes, the 2014 HealthCor Notes, the Fifth Amendment Notes and the
Eighth Amendment Notes, as applicable, to (i) remove the rights of the holders of the 2011 HealthCor Notes and the 2012
HealthCor Notes to convert such notes to Common Stock after September 30, 2018; (ii) suspend the accrual of interest on the
2011 HealthCor Notes and the 2012 HealthCor Notes for periods after September 30, 2018; (iii) provide for the potential
earlier repayment of the 2011 HealthCor Notes and the 2012 HealthCor Notes by the Company, 120 calendar days following a
written demand for payment by the holder of such notes; provided, however, that such written demand may not be given prior to
the twelve-month anniversary of the date on which the obligations of the Company under the PDL Credit Agreement are repaid in
full; (iv) cancel the 2011 HealthCor Warrants; (v) provide for the seniority of the 2011 HealthCor Notes and the 2012
HealthCor Notes in right of payment over notes subsequently issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, including the 2014
HealthCor Notes, the Fifth Amendment Notes and the Eighth Amendment Notes; (vi) amend the terms of the 2014 HealthCor Notes,
the Fifth Amendment Notes and the Eighth Amendment Notes to reflect the seniority in payment of the 2011 HealthCor Notes and
2012 HealthCor Notes; and (vii) reduce the number of shares of Common Stock that the Company must at all times have
authorized and reserved for the purpose of issuance upon conversion of the notes issued pursuant to the HealthCor Purchase
Agreement (collectively, the Notes and exercise of the warrants issued pursuant to the HealthCor Purchase
Agreement (collectively, the Warrants ), from at least of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
then issuable upon full conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants to at least of such aggregate number of
shares. In addition, on July 10, 2018, along with PDL, HealthCor, the 2015 Investors and the February 2018 Investors, we
entered into a Second Amendment to the Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, to amend the Subordination and
Intercreditor Agreement dated as of September 26, 2015, as amended to provide that, in the event of a sale of the
Company s hospital assets, after the net proceeds are first applied to repay obligations under the PDL Credit
Agreement, as amended, until paid in full, up to the next of such net proceeds may be retained by the Company for
working capital purposes before all remaining net proceeds are then applied to repay the obligations under the Notes in
accordance with the priorities set forth in the HealthCor Purchase Agreement and the Notes. 

On
July 13, 2018, we entered into the Tenth Amendment to the HealthCor Purchase Agreement with HealthCor, the 2015 Investors, the
February 2018 Investors and certain investors (all of which are directors of the Company) (such additional investors, the July
2018 Investors ), pursuant to which we sold and issued convertible secured promissory notes for an aggregate of 
to the July 2018 Investors with a conversion price per share equal to (subject to adjustment as described therein) (the Tenth
Amendment Notes ). As provided by the Tenth Amendment, the Tenth Amendment Notes are in substantially the same form as the
2011 HealthCor Notes, with changes to the Issuance Date, Maturity Date, First Five-Year Note
Period and other terms to consider the timing of the issuance of the Tenth Amendment Notes. The Tenth Amendment Notes have
a maturity date of . 

On May 15, 2019, we entered
into the Twelfth Amendment to HealthCor Purchase Agreement with HealthCor, the 2015 Investors, the February 2018 Investors, the
July 2018 Investors, and an investor (a member of our board of directors) (such additional investor, the 2019 Investor ),
pursuant to which we sold and issued a convertible secured promissory note for to the 2019 Investor with a conversion price
per share equal to (subject to adjustment as described therein) (the Twelfth Amendment Note ). As provided by
the Twelfth Amendment, the Twelfth Amendment Note is in substantially the same form as the 2011 HealthCor Notes, with changes to
the Issuance Date, Maturity Date, First Five-Year Note Period and other terms to take
into account the timing of the issuance of the Twelfth Amendment Note. The Twelfth Amendment Note has a maturity date of . In addition, the provisions regarding interest payments, interest acceleration, optional conversion, negative covenants,
and events of default, preemptive rights and registration rights are the same as those of the 2011 HealthCor Notes. As of December
31, 2020, the underlying shares of our Common Stock related to the Twelfth Amendment Note totaled approximately to the
2019 Investor. 

On February 6, 2020, we
entered into the Thirteenth Amendment to HealthCor Purchase Agreement with HealthCor, the 2015 Investors, the February 2018
Investors, the July 2018 Investors, the 2019 Investor and an investor (a member of our board of directors) (such additional
investor, the February 2020 Investor ), pursuant to which (i) we sold and issued a convertible secured
promissory note for to the February 2020 Investor with a conversion price per share equal to (subject to
adjustment as described therein) (the Thirteenth Amendment Note ). As provided by the Twelfth Amendment, the
Twelfth Amendment Note is in substantially the same form as the 2011 HealthCor Notes, with changes to the Issuance
Date, Maturity Date, First Five-Year Note Period and other terms to take into account the
timing of the issuance of the Thirteenth Amendment Note. The Thirteenth Amendment Note has a maturity date of February 5,
2030. In addition, the provisions regarding interest payments, interest acceleration, optional conversion, negative
covenants, and events of default, preemptive rights and registration rights are the same as those of the 2011 HealthCor
Notes. As of December 31, 2020, the underlying shares of our Common Stock related to the Thirteenth Amendment Note totaled
approximately to the 2020 Investor. 

On April 17, 2020, the
Company and holders of at least a majority of the Common Stock underlying the outstanding notes and warrants to purchase shares
of our Common Stock, on an as-converted basis, sold pursuant to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated April 21, 2011, as
amended, by and among HealthCor Partners Fund, LP, HealthCor Hybrid Offshore Master Fund, LP and the other investors party thereto
(the Majority Holders (the Purchase Agreement ), entered into a Consent and Agreement Regarding SBA
Loan Agreement (the NWPA Consent Agreement ), pursuant to which the Majority Holders (i) consented under the Purchase
Agreement to the Borrower s issuing the Promissory Note and borrowing the SBA Loan and (ii) agreed that the SBA Loan would
be deemed to be Permitted Indebtedness under the Purchase Agreement (as defined therein). 

On
April 20, 2021, we agreed with the HealthCor Parties to (i) amend the 2011 HealthCor Notes to extend the maturity date of the 2011
HealthCor Notes from to by entering into Allonge No. 3 to the 2011 HealthCor Notes (the Third
2011 Note Allonges and (ii) amend the 2012 HealthCor Notes to extend the maturity date of the 2012 HealthCor Notes from
 to by entering into Allonge No. 3 to the 2012 HealthCor Notes (the Third 2012 Note Allonges (such amendments to the 2011 HealthCor Notes and 2012 HealthCor Notes together, the HealthCor Note Extensions ). In
connection with the HealthCor Note Extensions, we issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of our Common Stock
at an exercise price per share equal to per share (subject to adjustment as described therein) and with an expiration date
of , to the HealthCor Parties (collectively the 2021 HealthCor Warrants ). As a concession has been
granted, the agreement is to be accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by debtors (TDR) under ASC 470-60. 

Also
on April 20, 2021, in connection with the HealthCor Note Extensions and the issuance of the 2021 HealthCor Warrants, we entered
into a Consent and Agreement Pursuant to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (the 2021 NWPA Consent with the HealthCor
Parties and certain additional Existing Investors (in their capacity as Majority Holders acting together with the HealthCor Parties),
pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the Majority Holders consented to the HealthCor Note Extensions, (ii) the Majority Holders
consented to the issuance of the 2021 HealthCor Warrants and (iii) the parties agreed that the holders of the 2021 HealthCor Warrants
would have registration rights for the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2021 HealthCor Warrants under the Registration
Rights Agreement dated as of April 20, 2011, as amended June 30, 2015, by and among the Company, the HealthCor Parties and the
additional investors party thereto (the Registration Rights Agreement ). 

On March 8, 2022, we agreed with the HealthCor Parties to (i) amend the
2011 HealthCor Notes to extend the maturity date of the 2011 HealthCor Notes from to by entering into Allonge
No. 4 to the 2011 HealthCor Notes (the Fourth 2011 Note Allonges and (ii) amend the 2012 HealthCor Notes to extend the
maturity date of the 2012 HealthCor Notes from to by entering into Allonge No. 4 to the 2012 HealthCor Notes
(the Fourth 2012 Note Allonges (such amendments to the 2011 HealthCor Notes and 2012 HealthCor Notes together, the 2022
HealthCor Note Extensions ). In connection with the 2022 HealthCor Note Extensions, we issued warrants to purchase an aggregate
of shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price per share equal to 0.09 per share (subject to adjustment as described therein)
and with an expiration date of to the HealthCor Parties (collectively the 2022 HealthCor Warrants ). The conclusion
was that this was a debt modification and this was accounted for as such. 

Also
on March 8, 2022, in connection with the 2022 HealthCor Note Extensions and the issuance of the 2022 HealthCor Warrants, we entered
into a Consent and Agreement Pursuant to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (the NWPA Consent with the HealthCor
Parties and certain additional Existing Investors (in their capacity as Majority Holders acting together with the HealthCor Parties),
pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the Majority Holders consented to the 2022 HealthCor Note Extensions, (ii) the Majority
Holders consented to the issuance of the 2022 HealthCor Warrants and (iii) the parties agreed that the holders of the 2022 HealthCor
Warrants would have registration rights for the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2022 HealthCor Warrants under
the Registration Rights Agreement dated as of April 20, 2011, as amended June 30, 2015, by and among the Company, the HealthCor
Parties and the additional investors party thereto (the Registration Rights Agreement ). 

Also on March 8, 2022, the
Company issued to the HealthCor Parties the 2022 HealthCor Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 
per share and with an expiration date of . The warrants were valued at 240,000 and are amortized over the life of
the debt. 

On July 1, 2022, we entered into amendments to the 2014 HealthCor Notes,
2015 Supplemental Notes, Eighth Amendment Supplemental Closing Notes, Tenth Amendment Supplemental Closing Notes, Twelfth Amendment Supplemental
Closing Note and Thirteenth Amendment Supplemental Closing Note (collectively, the 2022 Allonges to suspend the accrual
of interest on the 2014 HealthCor Notes as to of the outstanding principal amount under such notes, 2015 Supplemental
Notes as to of the outstanding principal amount under such notes, Eighth Amendment
Supplemental Closing Notes as to of the outstanding principal amount under such notes, Tenth Amendment
Supplemental Closing Notes as to of the outstanding principal amount under such notes, Twelfth Amendment
Supplemental Closing Note as to of the outstanding principal amount under such note, and Thirteenth Amendment
Supplemental Closing Note as to of the outstanding principal amount under such note, for all periods beginning
on and after January 1, 2022. This was determined to be a Troubled Debt Restructure and is accounted for accordingly. 

Also on December 30, 2022, the Existing
Investors agree to the cancellation by the Company and the forfeiting of their respective rights in and to the 2011 Warrants, 2014
Supplemental Warrants, Fifth Amendment Supplemental Warrants, Sixth Amendment Supplemental Warrants, Eighth Amendment Supplemental
Warrants, 2021 Warrants and 2022 Warrants (collectively, the Warrants and the Existing Investors have agreed to
waive any and all interest that has accrued, but remains unpaid on the Existing Notes held by the Existing Investors; in exchange
for releasing its second senior secured position they hold in connection with the 2011 Notes and 2012 Notes. The Existing Investors
have agreed to waive any and all interest that has accrued, but remains unpaid on the Existing Notes held by the Existing Investors
with the 2014 Notes along with the 2015 Notes, 2018 Notes, 2019 Note and 2020 Note. In exchange for releasing its second senior
secured position they hold in connection with the 2011 Notes and 2012 Notes, the HealthCor Parties will receive an additional in
value in the Replacement Notes. In this troubled debt restructure, all the conversion rates were changed to 0.10. The gain from
this trouble debt restructuring was 1,489,357. 

2012 HealthCor Notes 

2014 HealthCor Notes 

2015 Investors 

2015 HealthCor Notes 

2022 HealthCor Notes 

February 2018 Investors 

July 2018 Investors 

2019 Investor 
 500,000 
 
 February 2020 Investors 
 1,000,000 
 
 TOTAL 

Accounting Treatment 

When issuing debt or
equity securities convertible into common stock at a discount to the fair value of the common stock at the date the debt or
equity financing is committed, a company is required to record a beneficial conversion feature BCF charge. We
had three separate issuances of equity securities convertible into common stock that qualify under this accounting treatment,
(i) the 2011 HealthCor Notes, (ii) the 2012 HealthCor Notes and (iii) the 2014 HealthCor Notes. Because the conversion option
and the 2011 HealthCor Warrants on the 2011 HealthCor Notes were originally classified as a liability when issued due to the
down round provision and the removal of the provision requiring liability treatment, and subsequently reclassified to equity
on December 31, 2011 when the 2011 HealthCor Notes were amended, only the accrued interest capitalized as payment in kind PIK since reclassification qualifies under this accounting treatment. We recorded an aggregate of and
 in interest for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these transactions. For the
years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we recorded and , respectively, of PIK related to the notes included in
the HealthCor Purchase Agreement. The face amount of the 2012 HealthCor Notes, 2014 HealthCor Notes, the Fifth Amendment
Notes and the Eighth Amendment Notes and all accrued PIK interest also qualify for BCF treatment as discussed above. Under
the accounting standards, we determined that the restructuring of the HealthCor notes, pursuant to the terms of the Ninth
Amendment, resulted in a troubled debt restructuring. As the future cash flows were greater than the carrying amount of the
debt at the date of the amendment, we accounted for the change prospectively using the new effective interest rate. During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we recorded a BCF of and , respectively. The BCF was recorded as a charge
to debt discount and a credit to additional paid in capital, with the debt discount, using the effective interest method,
amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes. 

Warrants
were issued with the Fourth, Fifth, Eighth, Ninth, and Allonge 3 Amendment Notes and the proceeds were allocated to the instruments
based on relative fair value as the warrants did not contain any features requiring liability treatment and therefore were classified
as equity. At each amendment date, the warrants were recorded as debt discount, as a reduction of the net carrying amount of the
debt. The debt discounts are amortized into interest expense each period under the effective interest method. The value allocated
to the Ninth Amendment Warrants was . The value allocated to the Allonge 3 Amendment Warrants was . 

, and agreed to extend the time to make the quarterly payment that would otherwise be due on to . We have evaluated the Second Amendment to the Rockwell Note under ASC 470 and determined that the amendment should
be treated as a debt modification. 

On January 31, 2020, the
Company and Rockwell entered into a Third Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Third Rockwell Note Amendment ), pursuant
to which Rockwell agreed to extend the time to make the quarterly payment that would otherwise be due on (per
the Second Rockwell Note Amendment) to . We have evaluated the Third Amendment to the Rockwell Note under ASC
470 and determined that the amendment should be treated as a debt modification. 

Effective as of March 31,
2020, the Company and Rockwell entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Fourth Rockwell Note Amendment ),
pursuant to which Rockwell agreed to extend the time to make the quarterly payment that would otherwise be due on 
to . We have evaluated the Fourth Amendment to the Rockwell Note under ASC 470 and determined that the amendment
should be treated as a debt modification. 

On December 31, 2020,
the Company and Rockwell entered a Fifth Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Fifth Rockwell Note Amendment ), pursuant
to which Rockwell agreed (i) to extend the term of the Promissory Note by one year and continue the quarterly principal payments
through with the final balloon payment due on and (ii) that the quarterly principal payment
that would otherwise be due on will not be required to be made until the final balloon payment due date. We have
evaluated the Fourth Amendment to the Rockwell Note under ASC 470 and determined that the amendment should be treated as a debt
modification. 

On
November 30, 2021, the Company and Rockwell entered into a Sixth Amendment to the Rockwell Note (the Sixth Rockwell Note
Amendment ), pursuant to which Rockwell agreed to extend the term of the Rockwell Note by three months, to ,
and agreed that the quarterly principal payment that would otherwise be due on will not be required to be made
until . 

On March 31, 2022, the
Rockwell Note was paid off. 

of Replacement Notes exercised their right to convert the debt into shares of the Company s common stock at 
per share (the First Tranche ). Upon conversion, the Company issued the investors in the First Tranche an aggregate of 
shares. The First Tranche only converted 
of the HealthCor Replacement Notes. Due to the insufficient number of the Company s available authorized shares of common
stock, a shareholder vote to authorize an increase in the Company s authorized shares of common stock to 
must be completed prior to the other 
of the HealthCor Replacement Notes being converted (the Second Tranche ). The Second Tranche will convert the remaining
 
of HealthCor Replacement Notes into 
shares at a conversion price of 
per share. 

Group Purchasing Agreement with Vizient 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company entered a Group Purchasing Agreement with Vizient, the nation s largest healthcare performance
improvement company. All CareView Patient Safety System components and modules are now available for direct purchase by Vizient s
exclusive membership. 

PDL Debt Extensions 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company executed the Twenty-Eighth Amendment with PDL Biopharma, Inc. PDL to extend the
date for PDL to terminate from February 28, 2023 until March 31, 2023. 

On
March 31, 2023, the Company executed the Twenty-Ninth Amendment with PDL to extend the date for PDL to terminate from March 31,
2023 until April 30, 2023. 

F- 39 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

CareView Communications, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 21.00 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT 

CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation CareView-TX ), a wholly owned subsidiary 

CareView Operations, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company CareView Operations ),
a wholly owned subsidiary 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF BDO USA, LLP

CareView Communications, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

CareView Communications, Inc. 

 Lewisville, Texas 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-260139) of CareView Communications, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2022, relating to the consolidated
financial statements which appear in this Form 10-K. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

Dallas, Texas 

 May 19, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CareView Communications, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

Steven G. Johnson, certifies that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CareView Communications, Inc. 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

May 19, 2023 

/s/ Steven G. Johnson 

Steven G. Johnson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

CareView Communications, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 
 15d-14(a), 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

Jason T. Thompson, certifies that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual report on Form 10-K of CareView Communications, Inc. 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

May 19, 2023 

/s/ Jason T. Thompson 

Jason T. Thompson 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CareView Communications, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CareView Communications, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Steven G. Johnson, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and result of operations of the Company. 

May 19, 2023 

/s/ Steven G. Johnson 

Steven G. Johnson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this certification has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

CareView Communications, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CareView Communications, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jason T. Thompson, Principal
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and result of operations of the Company. 

May 19, 2023 

/s/ Jason T. Thompson 

Jason T. Thompson 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 

A signed original of this certification has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 crvw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 crvw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 crvw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 crvw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

