<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230502_10-K_edgar_data_1377936_0001213900-23-035521.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28170487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>818467</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3025242</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11262507</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4848972</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7206981</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-035521.hdr.sgml : 20230502
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230502160253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-035521
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230502
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230502

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SARATOGA INVESTMENT CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001377936
		IRS NUMBER:				204876925
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00732
		FILM NUMBER:		23878799

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		535 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 750-3343

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		535 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GSC INVESTMENT CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070321

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GSC Investment LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-035521.txt : 20230502

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_saratoga.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______ to ______ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

New
York, 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 8.00 Notes due 2027 SAJ The New York Stock Exchange 8.125 Notes due 2027 SAY The New York Stock Exchange 8.50 Notes due 2027 SAZ The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days:	 	No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files).	 	No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of August 31, 2022 was approximately
 million based upon a closing price of 24.28 reported for such date by the New York Stock Exchange. 

The number of outstanding com mon
shares of the registrant as of May 1, 2023 was . 

NOTE
ABOUT REFERENCES 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual
Report ), the Company, we, us and our refer to Saratoga Investment Corp.
and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Saratoga Investment Funding LLC, Saratoga Investment Funding II LLC, Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC
LP, Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC II LP, and Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC III LP, unless the context otherwise requires. We refer to
Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC, our investment adviser, as Saratoga Investment Advisors, the Investment Adviser 
or the Manager. 

NOTE
ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
of the statements in this Annual Report constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs,
projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical
facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, project, 
 should, will and would or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report information available to us on the date of this Annual Report,
and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in our forward-looking statements, and future results could differ materially from historical performance. We undertake no obligation
to revise or update any forward-looking statements occurring after the date of this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, unless required by law or SEC rule or regulation. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that
we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our future operating results; 

the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of
 business initiatives and strategies; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions,
 the interest rate environment or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in the value of our assets; 

the relative and absolute investment performance and
 operations of our Manager; 

the impact of increased competition; 

our ability to turn potential investment opportunities
 into transactions and thereafter into completed and successful investments; 

the unfavorable resolution of any future legal proceedings; 

our business prospects and the operational and financial
 performance of our portfolio companies, including their ability to achieve our respective objectives as a result of the current economic
 conditions caused by, among other things, the COVID-19 pandemic, elevated levels of inflation, and a rising interest rate environment,
 and the effects of the disruptions caused thereby on our ability to continue to effectively manage our business; 

i 

the impact of investments that we expect to make and
 future acquisitions and divestitures; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with
 third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general
 economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their
 objectives; 

our expected financings and investments; 

our regulatory structure and tax treatment, including
 our ability to operate as a business development company BDC ), or to operate our small business investment company
 SBIC subsidiaries, and to continue to qualify to be taxed as a regulated investment company RIC 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations
 of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of interest rate volatility, including the decommissioning
of LIBOR, on our results, particularly because we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

the impact of supply chain constraints and labor difficulties
on our portfolio companies and the global economy; 

the elevated level of inflation, and its impact on our portfolio
companies and on the industries in which we invest; 

the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and
 reforms and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to us or our Manager; 

the impact of changes to tax legislation and, generally,
 our tax position; 

our ability to access capital and any future financings
 by us; 

the ability of our Manager to attract and retain highly
 talented professionals; and 

the ability of our Manager to locate suitable investments
 for us and to monitor and effectively administer our investments. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove
to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions
include our ability to originate new loans and investments, borrowing costs and levels of profitability and the availability of additional
capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Annual Report
should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include
those described in Risk Factors in this Annual Report under Item 1A. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this Annual Report. 

ii 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 27 
 
 Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 59 
 
 Item
 2. Properties 
 59 
 
 Item
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 59 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 59 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 60 
 
 Item
 6. [Reserved] 
 69 
 
 Item
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 69 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 108 
 
 Item
 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 109 
 
 Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 109 
 
 Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 109 
 
 Item
 9B. Other Information 
 110 
 
 Item
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 110 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 111 
 
 Item
 11. Executive Compensation 
 113 
 
 Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 114 
 
 Item
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 115 
 
 Item
 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 116 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits, Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 117 
 
 Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 120 

Signatures 
 121 

iii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

We are a specialty finance company that provides
customized financing solutions to U.S middle-market businesses. We primarily invest in senior and unitranche leveraged loans and mezzanine
debt and, to a lesser extent, equity issued by private U.S. middle-market companies, which we define as companies having annual earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA under 50 million, both through direct lending and through
participation in loan syndicates. Our investment objective is to create attractive risk-adjusted returns by generating current income
and long-term capital appreciation from our investments. Our investments generally provide financing for change of ownership transactions,
strategic acquisitions, recapitalizations and growth initiatives in partnership with business owners, management teams and financial sponsors.
Our investment activities are externally managed and advised by Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC, a New York-based investment firm affiliated
with Saratoga Partners, a middle-market private equity investment firm. 

Our
portfolio is comprised primarily of investments in leveraged loans issued by middle-market companies. Leveraged loans are generally senior
debt instruments that rank ahead of subordinated debt with below investment grade or junk ratings or, if not rated, would
be rated below investment grade or junk and, as a result, carry a higher risk of default. Leveraged loans also have the
benefit of security interests on the assets of the portfolio company, which may rank ahead of, or be junior to, other security interests.
Term loans are loans that do not allow the borrowers to repay all or a portion of the loans prior to maturity and then re-borrow such
repaid amounts under the loan again. We also invest in mezzanine debt and make equity investments in middle-market companies. Mezzanine
debt is typically unsecured and subordinated to senior debt of the portfolio company. 

While
our primary focus is to generate current income and capital appreciation from our debt and equity investments in middle-market companies,
we may invest up to 30.0 of our portfolio in opportunistic investments in order to seek to enhance returns to stockholders. Such investments
may include investments in distressed debt, including securities of companies in bankruptcy, foreign debt, private equity, securities
of public companies that are not thinly traded, joint ventures and structured finance vehicles such as collateralized loan obligation
funds. Although we have no current intention to do so, to the extent we invest in private equity funds, we will limit our investments
in entities that are excluded from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended 1940 Act ), which includes private equity funds, to no more than 15 of its net assets. 

As of February 28, 2023, we had total assets of 1,078.2 million and
investments in 49 portfolio companies, excluding an investment in the subordinated notes of one collateralized loan obligation fund, Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Saratoga CLO ), which had a fair value of 21.2 million as of February 28, 2023, investments
in the Class F-2-R-3 Note of the Saratoga CLO which as of February 28, 2023 had a fair value of 8.8 million, and investments in the Saratoga
Senior Loan Fund I JV LLC SLF JV and its subsidiaries, a joint venture which as of February 28, 2023 had a fair value
of 42.1 million. The overall portfolio composition as of February 28, 2023 consisted of 82.1 of first lien term loans, 1.5 of second
lien term loans, 2.1 of unsecured loans, 4.3 of structured finance securities and 10.0 of equity interests. As of February 28, 2023,
the weighted average yield on all of our investments, including our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO and Class F-2-R-3
Note was approximately 12.1 . The weighted average yield of our investments is not the same as a return on investment for our stockholders
and, among other things, is calculated before the payment of our fees and expenses. As of February 28, 2023, our total return based on
market value was 10.35 and our total return based on net asset value NAV per share was 9.46 . As of February 28, 2022,
our total return based on market value was 28.19 and our total return based on NAV was 15.88 . Total return based on market value is
the change in the ending market value of the Company s common stock plus dividends distributed during the period assuming participation
in the Company s dividend reinvestment plan divided by the beginning market value of the Company s common stock. Total return
based on NAV is the change in ending NAV per share plus dividends distributed per share paid during the period assuming participation
in the Company s dividend reinvestment plan divided by the beginning NAV per share. While total return based on NAV and total return
based on market value reflect fund expenses, they do not reflect any sales load that may be paid by investors. As of February 28, 2023,
approximately 96.94 of our first lien debt investments were fully collateralized in the sense that the portfolio companies in which we
held such investments had an enterprise value or our investment had an asset coverage equal to or greater than the principal amount of
the related debt investment. The Company uses enterprise value to assess the level of collateralization of its portfolio companies. The
enterprise value of a portfolio company is determined by analyzing various factors, including EBITDA, cash flows from operations less
capital expenditures and other pertinent factors, such as recent offers to purchase a portfolio company s securities or other liquidation
events. As a result, while we consider a portfolio company to be collateralized if its enterprise value exceeds the amount of our loan,
we do not hold tangible assets as collateral in our portfolio companies that we would obtain in the event of a default. Our investment
in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO represents a first loss position in a portfolio that, at February 28, 2023, was composed of
 658.0 million in aggregate principal amount of predominantly senior secured first lien term loans. A first loss position means that we
will suffer the first economic losses if losses are incurred on loans held by the Saratoga CLO. As a result, this investment is subject
to unique risks. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our investment in Saratoga CLO constitutes a leveraged investment in a
portfolio of predominantly senior secured first lien term loans and is subject to additional risks and volatility. 

1 

We
are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development
company BDC under the 1940 Act. As a BDC, we are required to comply with various regulatory requirements, including limitations
on our use of debt. We finance our investments through borrowings. However, as a BDC, we are only generally allowed to borrow amounts
such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200 after such borrowing, or, if we obtain the required approvals
from our directors who are note interested persons (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of the Company independent
directors and/or stockholders, 150 . On April 16, 2018, as permitted by the Small Business Credit Availability Act, which was
signed into law on March 23, 2018, our board of directors, including, a majority of our independent directors, approved of our becoming
subject to a minimum asset coverage ratio of 150 under Sections 18(a)(1) and 18(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. The 150 asset coverage ratio
became effective on April 16, 2019. 

We
have elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company RIC ), under Subchapter
M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders if we meet certain source-of-income,
annual distribution and asset diversification requirements. 

In
addition, we have three wholly owned subsidiaries that are each licensed as a small business investment company SBIC and regulated by the Small Business Administration SBA ). On March 28, 2012, our wholly owned subsidiary, Saratoga Investment
Corp. SBIC LP SBIC LP ), received a small business investment company SBIC license from the Small Business
Administration (the SBA ). On August 14, 2019, our wholly owned subsidiary, Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC II LP SBIC
II LP ), also received an SBIC license from the SBA. On September 29, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, Saratoga Investment Corp.
SBIC III LP SBIC III LP and, together with SBIC LP and SBIC II LP, the SBIC Subsidiaries ), also received
an SBIC license from the SBA, which provides up to 175.0 million in additional long-term capital in the form of SBA-guaranteed debentures.
As a result, Saratoga s SBA relationship increased from 325.0 million to 350.0 million of committed capital. The SBIC Subsidiaries
are regulated by the SBA. For two or more SBICs under common control, the maximum amount of outstanding SBA debentures cannot exceed
 350.0 million. Our wholly owned SBIC Subsidiaries are able to borrow funds from the SBA against the SBIC s regulatory capital
(which generally approximates equity capital in the respective SBIC) and is subject to customary regulatory requirements, including,
but not limited to, periodic examination by the SBA. See Item 1. Business Small Business Investment Company Regulations. 

We
received exemptive relief from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to permit us to exclude the senior
securities issued by the SBIC Subsidiaries from the definition of senior securities in the asset coverage requirement under the 1940
Act. This allows the Company increased flexibility under the asset coverage requirement by permitting it to borrow up to 350.0 million
more than it would otherwise be able to absent the receipt of this exemptive relief. 

The
Company has established wholly owned subsidiaries, SIA-ARC, Inc., SIA-Avionte, Inc., SIA-AX, Inc., SIA-G4, Inc., SIA-GH, Inc., SIA-MAC,
Inc., SIA-PP, Inc., SIA-TG, Inc., SIA-TT, Inc., SIA-Vector, Inc. and SIA-VR, Inc., which are structured as Delaware entities. The entities
are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are intended to facilitate our compliance with the requirements
to be treated as a RIC under the Code by holding equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies organized as limited liability
companies, or LLCs (or other forms of pass through entities). In February 2022, SIA-GH, Inc., SIA-TT Inc. and SIA-VR, Inc. received an
approved plan of liquidation following the sale of equity held by each of the portfolio companies. These entities are consolidated for
accounting purposes but are not consolidated for U.S. income tax purposes and may incur U.S income tax expense as a result of their ownership
of portfolio companies. 

2 

On
October 26, 2021, the Company and TJHA JV I LLC TJHA entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement (the LLC
Agreement to co-manage SLF JV. SLF JV is invested in Saratoga Investment Corp Senior Loan Fund 2021-1 Ltd SLF 2021 ),
which is a wholly owned subsidiary of SLF JV. SLF 2021 was formed for the purpose of making investments in a diversified portfolio of
broadly syndicated first lien and second lien term loans or bonds in the primary and secondary markets. The Company and TJHA have equal
voting interest on all material decisions with respect to SLF JV, including those involving its investment portfolio, and equal control
of corporate governance. No management fee is charged to SLF JV as control and management of SLF JV is shared equally. The Company and
TJHA have committed to provide up to a combined 50.0 million of financing to SLF JV through cash contributions, with the Company providing
 43.75 million and TJHA providing 6.25 million, resulting in an 87.5 and 12.5 ownership between the two parties. The financing is
issued in the form of an unsecured note and equity. The unsecured note will pay a fixed rate of 10.0 per annum and is due and payable
in full on June 15, 2023. As of February 28, 2023, the Company and TJHA s investment in SLF JV consisted of an unsecured note of
 17.6 million and 2.5 million, respectively; and membership interest of 17.6 million and 2.5 million, respectively. For the year ended
February 28, 2023, the Company earned 0.6 million of interest income related to SLF JV, which is included in interest income. SLF JV s
initial investment in SLF 2022 was in the form of an unsecured loan. The unsecured loan paid a floating rate of LIBOR plus 7.00 per
annum and was due and payable in full on June 9, 2023. The unsecured loan was repaid in full on October 28, 2022, as part of the CLO
closing. The Company has determined that SLF JV is an investment company under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ; however, in accordance
with such guidance the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a wholly owned investment company
subsidiary. SLF JV is not a wholly owned investment company subsidiary as the Company and TJHA each have an equal 50 voting interest
in SLF JV and thus neither party has a controlling financial interest. Furthermore, ASC Topic 810, Consolidation, concludes that
in a joint venture where both members have equal decision-making authority, it is not appropriate for one member to consolidate the joint
venture since neither has control. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate SLF JV. 

Corporate
History and Information 

We
commenced operations, at the time known as GSC Investment Corp., on March 23, 2007 and completed an initial public offering of shares
of common stock on March 28, 2007. Prior to July 30, 2010, we were externally managed and advised by GSCP (NJ), L.P., an entity affiliated
with GSC Group, Inc. In connection with the consummation of a recapitalization transaction on July 30, 2010, we engaged Saratoga Investment
Advisors to replace GSCP (NJ), L.P. as our investment adviser and changed our name to Saratoga Investment Corp. 

The
recapitalization transaction consisted of (i) the private sale of 986,842 shares of our common stock for 15.0 million in aggregate purchase
price to Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates and (ii) the entry into a 40.0 million senior secured revolving
credit facility with Madison Capital Funding LLC (the Madison Credit Facility ). We used the net proceeds from the private
sale of shares of our common stock and a portion of the funds available to us under the Madison Credit Facility to pay the full amount
of principal and accrued interest, including default interest, outstanding under our revolving securitized credit facility with Deutsche
Bank AG, New York Branch Deutsche Bank ). Specifically, in July 2009, we had exceeded permissible borrowing limits under
the revolving securitized credit facility with Deutsche Bank, which resulted in an event of default under the revolving securitized credit
facility. As a result of the event of default, Deutsche Bank had the right to accelerate repayment of the outstanding indebtedness under
the revolving securitized credit facility and to foreclose and liquidate the collateral pledged under the revolving securitized credit
facility. The revolving securitized credit facility with Deutsche Bank was terminated in connection with our payment of all amounts outstanding
thereunder on July 30, 2010. In January 2011, we registered for public resale by Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates
the 986,842 shares of our common stock issued to them in the recapitalization. 

The
Company formed a wholly owned special purpose entity, Saratoga Investment Funding II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SIF
II ), to enter into a 50.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with Encina Lender Finance, LLC (the Lender ),
supported by loans held by SIF II and pledged to the Lender under the credit facility (the Encina Credit Facility ). The
Encina Credit Facility closed on October 4, 2021. During the first two years following the closing date, SIF II may request an increase
in the commitment amount under the Encina Credit Facility to up to 75.0 million. The terms of the Encina Credit Facility require a minimum
drawn amount of 12.5 million at all times during the first six months following the closing date, which increases to the greater of
 25.0 million or 50 of the commitment amount in effect at any time thereafter. The term of the Encina Credit Facility is three years.
Advances under the Encina Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus 4.0 , with LIBOR having a floor
of 0.75 , with customary provisions related to the selection by the Lender and the Company of a replacement benchmark rate. Concurrently
with the closing of the Encina Credit Facility, all remaining amounts outstanding on the Company s existing revolving credit facility
with Madison Capital Funding, LLC were repaid and the revolving credit facility terminated. On January 27, 2023, among other things,
the borrowings available under the Encina Credit Facility was increased from up to 50.0 million to up to 65.0 million, the underlying
benchmark rate used to compute interest changed from LIBOR to Term SOFR for one-month tenor plus a 0.10 credit spread adjustment; the
applicable effective margin rate on borrowings increased from 4.00 to 4.25 and the maturity date was extended from October 4, 2024
to January 27, 2026. 

3 

As
noted above, our wholly owned subsidiaries, SBIC LP, SBIC II LP, and SBIC III LP, received an SBIC license from the SBA on March 28,
2012, August 14, 2019, and September 29, 2022, respectively. 

On
October 26, 2021, the Company and TJHA JV I LLC entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement to co-manage the SLF JV.
SLF JV is a joint venture that invests in the debt or equity interests of collateralized loan obligations, loans, notes and other debt
instruments. 

Our
corporate offices are located at 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. Our telephone number is (212) 906-7800. We maintain a
website on the Internet at www.saratogainvestmentcorp.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into
this Annual Report, and you should not consider that information to be part of this Annual Report. 

Saratoga
Investment Advisors 

General 

Our
Investment Adviser was formed in 2010 as a Delaware limited liability company and became our investment adviser in July 2010. Our Investment
Adviser is led by four principals, Christian L. Oberbeck, Michael J. Grisius, Thomas V. Inglesby, and Charles G. Phillips, with 35, 33,
36 and 26 years of experience in leveraged finance, respectively, and the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, Henri
Steenkamp, who has 24 years of experience in financial services and leveraged finance. Our Investment Adviser is affiliated with Saratoga
Partners, a middle-market private equity investment firm. Saratoga Partners was established in 1984 to be the middle-market private investment
arm of Dillon Read Co. Inc. and has been independent of Dillon Read Co. Inc. and its successor entity, SBC Warburg Dillon
Read, since 1998. Saratoga Partners has a 34-year history of private investments in middle-market companies and focuses on public and
private equity, preferred stock, and senior and mezzanine debt investments. 

Our
Relationship with Saratoga Investment Advisors 

We
utilize the personnel, infrastructure, relationships and experience of Saratoga Investment Advisors to enhance the growth of our business.
We currently have no employees and each of our executive officers is also an officer of Saratoga Investment Advisors. 

We have entered into an investment advisory and management
agreement (the Management Agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors. Pursuant to the 1940 Act, the initial term of the
Management Agreement was for two years from its effective date of July 30, 2010, with automatic, one-year renewals, to be approved at
an in-person meeting of the board of directors, a majority of whom must be independent directors. Our board of directors approved the
renewal of the Management Agreement for an additional one-year term at an in-person meeting held on July 5, 2022. Pursuant to the Management
Agreement, Saratoga Investment Advisors implements our business strategy on a day-to-day basis and performs certain services for us under
the direction of our board of directors. Saratoga Investment Advisors is responsible for, among other duties, performing all of our day-to-day
functions, determining investment criteria, sourcing, analyzing and executing investment transactions, asset sales, financings and performing
asset management duties. 

Saratoga
Investment Advisors has formed an investment committee to advise and consult with its senior management team with respect to our investment
policies, investment portfolio holdings, financing and leveraging strategies and investment guidelines. We believe that the collective
experience of the investment committee members across a variety of fixed income asset classes will benefit us. The investment committee
must unanimously approve all investments in excess of 1.0 million made by us. In addition, all sales of our investments must be approved
by all four of our investment committee members. The current members of the investment committee are Messrs. Oberbeck, Grisius, Inglesby,
and Phillips. 

We
pay Saratoga Investment Advisors a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management
fee and an incentive fee. The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 of our average gross assets, which includes
assets purchased with borrowed funds but excludes cash and cash equivalents. As a result, Saratoga Investment Advisors will benefit as
we incur debt or use leverage to purchase assets. Our board of directors will monitor the conflicts presented by this compensation structure
by approving the amount of leverage that we may incur. 

In
addition to the base management fee, we pay Saratoga Investment Advisors an incentive fee, which consists of two parts. First, we pay
Saratoga Investment Advisors an incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as
follows: 

no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which,
 our pre-incentive fee income does not exceed a fixed hurdle rate of 1.875 per quarter; and 

4 

100.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income
 with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than
 or equal to 2.344 in any fiscal quarter is payable to the Investment Adviser. We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee
 net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to 2.344 as the catch-up. The catch-up 
 provision is intended to provide our Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.0 on all of our pre-incentive fee net investment
 income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds 2.344 in any fiscal quarter. Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, with respect to any period ending on or prior to December 31, 2010, our Investment Adviser was only entitled to 20.0 
 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeded 1.875 in any fiscal quarter without any catch-up
 provision; and 

20.0 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment
 income, if any, that exceeds 2.344 in any fiscal quarter is payable to the Investment Adviser (once the hurdle is reached and the
 catch-up is achieved, 20.0 of all pre-incentive fee net investment income thereafter is allocated to the Investment Adviser). 

There
is no accumulation of amounts from quarter to quarter on either the hurdle rate or the parameters set by the catch-up mechanism
or any claw back of amounts previously paid to Saratoga Investment Advisors if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle or
the catch-up parameters. Furthermore, there is no delay of payment to Saratoga Investment Advisors if prior quarters are
below the quarterly hurdle or catch-up. 

Pre-incentive
fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination,
structuring, diligence, managerial and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) earned during the calendar
quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital
gains, realized capital losses, unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation, or realized gains or losses resulting from the extinguishment
of our own debt. 

The
second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Management
Agreement) and equals 20.0 of our incentive fee capital gains, which equals our realized capital gains on a cumulative
basis from May 31, 2010 through the end of the fiscal year, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital
depreciation on a cumulative basis on each investment in the Company s portfolio, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid
capital gain incentive fee. Importantly, the capital gains portion of the incentive fee is based on realized gains and realized and unrealized
losses from May 31, 2010. Therefore, realized and unrealized losses incurred prior to such time will not be taken into account when calculating
the capital gains portion of the incentive fee, and our Manager will be entitled to 20.0 of incentive fee capital gains that arise after
May 31, 2010. In addition, for the purpose of the incentive fee capital gains calculations, the cost basis for computing
realized gains and losses on investments held by us as of May 31, 2010 will equal the fair value of such investments as of such date. 

We
have also entered into a separate Administration Agreement (the Administration Agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors
pursuant to which Saratoga Investment Advisors furnishes us with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping
services. The Administration Agreement has an initial term of two years from its effective date of July 30, 2010, with automatic one-year
renewals, subject to approval by our board of directors, a majority of whom must be our independent directors. Most recently, on July
5, 2022, our board of directors approved the renewal of the Administration Agreement for an additional one-year term and determined to
increase the cap on the payment or reimbursement of expenses by the Company from 3.0 million to 3.275 million effective August 1, 2022.
Under the Administration Agreement, Saratoga Investment Advisors also performs, or oversees the performance of our required administrative
services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records which we are required to maintain, preparing
reports for our stockholders and reports required to be filed with the SEC. Payments under the Administration Agreement will be equal
to an amount based upon the allocable portion of Saratoga Investment Advisors overhead in performing its obligations under the
Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our officers and their respective staffs relating to
the performance of services under the Administration Agreement. 

Investments 

Our
portfolio is comprised primarily of investments in leveraged loans (both first and second lien term loans) issued by middle-market companies.
Investments in middle-market companies are generally less liquid than equivalent investments in companies with larger capitalizations.
These investments are sourced in both the primary and secondary markets through a network of relationships with commercial and investment
banks, commercial finance companies and financial sponsors. The leveraged loans that we purchase are generally used to finance buyouts,
strategic acquisitions, growth initiatives, recapitalizations and other types of transactions. Leveraged loans are generally senior debt
instruments that rank ahead of subordinated debt which are invested by companies with below investment grade or junk ratings
or, if not rated, would be rated below investment grade or junk and, as a result, carry a higher risk of default. Leveraged
loans also have the benefit of security interests on the assets of the portfolio company, which may rank ahead of, or be junior to, other
security interests. For a discussion of the risks pertaining to our secured investments, see Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our
investments may be risky, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

5 

As
part of our long-term strategy, we also invest in mezzanine debt and make equity investments in middle-market companies. Mezzanine debt
is typically unsecured and subordinated to senior debt of the portfolio company. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors If we
make unsecured debt investments, we may lack adequate protection in the event our portfolio companies become distressed or insolvent
and will likely experience a lower recovery than more senior debtholders in the event our portfolio companies default on their indebtedness. 

Substantially
all of the debt investments held in our portfolio hold a non-investment grade rating by one or more rating agencies or, if not rated,
would be rated below investment grade if rated, which are often referred to as junk. As of February 28, 2023, 77.0 of
our debt portfolio at fair value consisted of debt securities for which issuers were not required to make principal payments until the
maturity of such debt securities, which could result in a substantial loss to us if such issuers are unable to refinance or repay their
debt at maturity. Such interest-only loans are structured such that the borrower makes only interest payments throughout
the life of the loan and makes a large, balloon payment at the end of the loan term. The ability of a borrower to make
or refinance a balloon payment may be affected by a number of factors, including the financial condition of the borrower, prevailing
economic conditions, higher interest rates, and collateral values. If the interest-only loan borrower is unable to make or refinance
a balloon payment, we may experience greater losses than if the loan were structured as amortizing. As of February 28, 2023, 22.5 of
our interest-only loans provided for contractual PIK interest, which represents contractual interest added to a loan balance and due
at the end of such loan s term, and 46.4 of such investments elected to pay a portion of interest due in PIK. In addition, 96.9 
of our debt investments at February 28, 2023, had variable interest rates that reset periodically based on benchmarks such as LIBOR,
BSBY, SOFR and the prime rate. As a result, significant increases in such benchmarks in the future may make it more difficult for these
borrowers to service their obligations under the debt investments that we hold. 

As
a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, as a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than
 qualifying assets as specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least
70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. See Business Business Development Company Regulations Qualifying
Assets. 

While
our primary focus is to generate current income and capital appreciation from our debt and equity investments in middle-market companies,
we may invest up to 30.0 of the portfolio in opportunistic investments in order to seek to enhance returns to stockholders. Such investments
may include investments in distressed debt, private equity, securities of public companies that are not thinly traded, joint ventures
and structured finance vehicles such as collateralized loan obligation funds. Although we have no current intention to do so, to the
extent we invest in private equity funds, we will limit our investments in entities that are excluded from the definition of investment
company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, which includes private equity funds, to no more than 15 of
its net assets. 

Leveraged
loans 

Our
leveraged loan portfolio is comprised primarily of first lien and second lien term loans. First lien term loans are secured by a first
priority perfected security interest on all or substantially all of the assets of the borrower and typically include a first priority
pledge of the capital stock of the borrower. First lien term loans hold a first priority with regard to right of payment. Generally,
first lien term loans offer floating rate interest payments, have a stated maturity of five to seven years, and have a fixed amortization
schedule. First lien term loans generally have restrictive financial and negative covenants. Second lien term loans are secured by a
second priority perfected security interest on all or substantially all of the assets of the borrower and typically include a second
priority pledge of the capital stock of the borrower. Second lien term loans hold a second priority with regard to right of payment.
Second lien term loans offer either floating rate or fixed rate interest payments, generally have a stated maturity of five to eight
years and may or may not have a fixed amortization schedule. Second lien term loans that do not have fixed amortization schedules require
payment of the principal amount of the loan upon the maturity date of the loan. Second lien term loans have less restrictive financial
and negative covenants than those that govern first lien term loans. 

Mezzanine
debt 

Mezzanine
debt usually ranks subordinate in priority of payment to senior debt and is often unsecured. However, mezzanine debt ranks senior to
common and preferred equity in a borrowers capital structure. Mezzanine debt typically has fixed rate interest payments and a
stated maturity of six to eight years and does not have fixed amortization schedules. 

In
some cases, our debt investments may provide for a portion of the interest payable to be payment-in-kind interest PIK ).
To the extent interest is PIK, it will be payable through the increase of the principal amount of the obligation by the amount of interest
due on the then-outstanding aggregate principal amount of such obligation. 

6 

Equity
Investments 

Equity
investments may consist of preferred equity that is expected to pay dividends on a current basis in the form of cash or additional equity
or preferred equity that does not pay current dividends. Preferred equity at times may also have PIK interest payable. Preferred equity
generally has a preference over common equity as to distributions on liquidation and dividends. In some cases, we may acquire common
equity. In general, our equity investments are not control-oriented investments and we expect that in many cases we will acquire equity
securities as part of a group of private equity investors in which we are not the lead investor. 

Opportunistic
Investments 

Opportunistic
investments may include investments in distressed debt, which may include securities of companies in bankruptcy, debt and equity securities
of public companies that are not thinly traded, emerging market debt, structured finance vehicles such as collateralized loan obligation
funds and debt of middle-market companies located outside the United States. 

On
January 22, 2008, GSC Group, Inc., as asset manager, with Lehman Brothers raising the financing, entered into a collateral management
agreement with Saratoga CLO. Saratoga CLO was structured with five tranches of debt, plus residual notes. Saratoga CLO s five tranches
of debt were purchased by a wide variety of CLO debt market participants. In addition, we purchased for 30.0 million all of the outstanding
subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO. 

Pursuant
to its terms, the investment period for Saratoga CLO ended in January 2013, and certain restrictions in such terms limited portfolio
reinvestment. As a result, the Company determined that it was in its best interest to refinance Saratoga CLO given its investment attractiveness,
and has refinanced this multiple times since then. The Company did not originate any of the loan assets included in the formation of
Saratoga CLO, nor has it done so since the subsequent refinancing transactions. Moreover, the Company does not expect to originate any
of the loans in the Saratoga CLO portfolio prospectively. The Company has from time to time co-invested in loans with the Saratoga CLO.
The Company currently has no co-investments between it and Saratoga CLO. 

With
respect to our advisory services to Saratoga CLO, and in particular the underwriting standards used when determining which investments
qualify for inclusion in the Saratoga CLO, they are substantially similar to the process employed in selecting the Company s investments.
All of the credit metrics for a Saratoga CLO investment are reviewed and documented in the same manner as they would be for an investment
for the Company, with some minor differences. For example, the Saratoga CLO investment process also includes multiple rating agency review
and analysis of the loan investment and the assigned corporate ratings, which typically does not apply to a prospective investment of
the Company. Lastly, a Saratoga CLO investment also considers the likely secondary liquidity of the loan in considering the investment,
whereas the Company s investments are generally illiquid. 

The Saratoga CLO investment period was initially refinanced in October
2013 and its reinvestment period extended to October 2016. On November 15, 2016, we completed a second refinancing of the Saratoga CLO
with its reinvestment period extended to October 2018. On December 14, 2018, we completed a third refinancing and upsize of the Saratoga
CLO (the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes ). This refinancing, among other things, extended the non-call period and reinvestment
period to January 20, 2020 and January 20, 2021, respectively, and extended its legal final date to January 20, 2030. Following this refinancing,
the Saratoga CLO portfolio increased from approximately 300.0 million in aggregate principal amount to approximately 500.0 million of
predominantly senior secured first lien term loans. As part of the refinancing of its liabilities, we also purchased 2.5 million in aggregate
principal amount of the Class F-R-2 and 7.5 million aggregate principal amount of the Class G-R-2 notes tranches of the Saratoga CLO
at par, with a coupon of LIBOR plus 8.75 and LIBOR plus 10.00 , respectively. We also redeemed our existing 4.5 million aggregate principal
amount of the Class F Notes tranche of the Saratoga CLO at par. The Class F-R-2 Notes and Class G-R-2 Notes tranches are the seventh and
eighth tranches in the capital structure of Saratoga CLO and are subordinated to the other debt classes of Saratoga CLO, respectively.
The Class F-R-2 and Class G-R-2 tranches are senior to the subordinated notes, which is effectively the equity position in Saratoga CLO.
As a result, the other tranches of debt in Saratoga CLO rank ahead of the 2.5 million Class F-R-2 tranche and 7.5 million Class G-R-2
tranche and ahead of the aggregate principal amount of our position in the subordinated notes, with respect to priority of payments in
the event of a default or a liquidation. We also purchased an aggregate principal amount of 39.5 million of subordinated notes, which
is in addition to the 30.0 million of subordinated notes issued in 2013 that were reset with an extended legal final date to January
20, 2030. Following the refinancing, Saratoga Investment Corp. owns 100 of the Class F-R-2, Class G-R-2 and the subordinated notes of
the Saratoga CLO. On February 11, 2020, we entered into an unsecured loan agreement CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan with Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2, Ltd CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 ), a wholly owned
subsidiary of Saratoga CLO, pursuant to which CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 may borrow from time to time up to 20.0 million from
the Company in order to provide capital necessary to support warehouse activities. On October 23, 2020, the CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan
was increased to 25.0 million availability, which was immediately fully drawn. The interest rate was also amended to be based on a pricing
grid, starting at an annual rate of 3M USD LIBOR + 4.46 . On February 26, 2021, the Company completed the fourth refinancing of the Saratoga
CLO. This refinancing, among other things, extended the Saratoga CLO reinvestment period to April 2024, and extended its legal maturity
to April 2033. A non-call period ending February 2022 was also added. In addition, and as part of the refinancing, the Saratoga CLO
has also been upsized from 500 million in assets to approximately 650 million. As part of this refinancing and upsizing, the
Company invested an additional 14.0 million in all of the newly issued subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO, and purchased 17.9 million
in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-3 Notes tranche at par. Concurrently, the existing 2.5 million of
Class F-R-2 Notes, 7.5 million of Class G-R-2 Notes and 25.0 million CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan were repaid. The
Company also paid 2.6 million of transaction costs related to the refinancing and upsizing on behalf of the Saratoga CLO, to be
reimbursed from future equity distributions. On August 9, 2021, the Company exchanged its existing 17.9 million Class F-R-3 Notes for
 8.5 million Class F-1-R-3 Notes and 9.4 million Class F-2-R-3 Notes at par. On August 11, 2021, the Company sold its Class F-1-R-3 Notes
to third parties, resulting in a realized loss of 0.1 million. At August 31, 2021, the outstanding receivable of 2.6 million was repaid
in full. After the reinvestment period ends in April 2024, the Company will consider refinancing the Saratoga CLO, subject to market conditions.
A refinancing transaction entails finding existing and new investors that are willing to provide debt financing to Saratoga CLO which
extends the investment period of the CLO on terms that are acceptable to it and in an amount sufficient to allow it to repay all of its
existing debt holders. If Saratoga CLO is unable to refinance its indebtedness by April 2024, then Saratoga CLO will be required to use
investment repayments by portfolio companies received thereafter to repay its outstanding indebtedness.

7 

At
February 28, 2023, the aggregate fair value of our investments in Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1 F-2-R-3 Notes and subordinated
notes of the Saratoga CLO was 8.8 million and 21.2 million, respectively. 

The
terms of the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO entitles the Company to the residual net interest income in Saratoga CLO, which is paid
on a quarterly basis after payment of all expenses, assuming that the Saratoga CLO remains in compliance with its various debt and rating
agency compliance tests. The Company s investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO can be sold or transferred at any time.
The Company has held 100 of the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO since the inception of Saratoga CLO. 

Generally,
the interests of the holders of the various classes of securities issued by the Saratoga CLO are aligned with the interests of the Company
as holder of the subordinated notes. The investors in the various debt tranches of the securities issued by the Saratoga CLO are interested
in the regular payment of interest income from the Saratoga CLO and the overcollateralization of the underlying loan assets relative
to the Saratoga CLO debt issued. On the other hand, the subordinated note holders might prefer purchasing higher yielding riskier assets
that could increase returns while the returns of the holders of the debt securities remain unchanged. 

With
respect to the collateral management agreement that the Company has entered into with Saratoga CLO, while the agreement is similar to
the investment advisory and management agreement between the Company and Saratoga Investment Advisors in that it is an asset management
agreement, there are material differences between the two. For example, pursuant to Section 15 of the 1940 Act, the Management Agreement
with Saratoga Investment Advisors has an initial term of two years, with annual renewals to be approved at an in-person meeting of the
Company s board of directors. The contract can be terminated by the Company s board of directors or stockholders with 60
days notice, with no penalty for termination. The collateral management agreement that the Company has entered into with Saratoga
CLO, on the other hand, has no renewal requirement. The Saratoga CLO collateral management agreement may be terminated for cause at the
direction of a majority of the most senior class of the Saratoga CLO securities then outstanding, excluding any securities held by the
Company or any affiliate thereof or any other entity over which the Company or an affiliate thereof has discretionary authority over
voting such securities, which securities are disregarded for this purpose. If the Saratoga CLO collateral management agreement is terminated,
the manager remains in place until a new manager is appointed by the issuer at the direction of either (i) a majority of the Saratoga
CLO subordinated notes, and not rejected by a majority of the most senior class of CLO securities then outstanding, or (ii) a majority
of the most senior class of CLO securities then outstanding, and not rejected by a majority of the Saratoga CLO subordinated notes, in
each case within 20 days of notice of a vote regarding the successor manager. If no successor investment manager shall have been appointed
within 120 days after the date of notice of resignation by the investment manager, the resigning investment manager, a majority of the
controlling class or a majority of the subordinated notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor
investment manager without the approval of the holders of the notes. We receive a base management fee of 0.10 per annum and a subordinated
management fee of 0.40 per annum of the outstanding principal amount of Saratoga CLO s assets, paid quarterly to the extent of
available proceeds. Prior to the second refinancing and the issuance of the 2013-1 Amended CLO Notes, we received a base management fee
of 0.25 per annum and a subordinated management fee of 0.25 per annum of the outstanding principal amount of Saratoga CLO s assets,
paid quarterly to the extent of available proceeds. Following the third refinancing and the issuance of the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes on
December 14, 2018, we are no longer entitled to an incentive management fee equal to 20.0 of excess cash flow to the extent the Saratoga
CLO subordinated notes receive an internal rate of return paid in cash equal to or greater than 12.0 . 

8 

The
securities issued by the Saratoga CLO do not have any external credit enhancement features that would minimize the potential losses to
the subordinated notes. Saratoga CLO recognized realized losses on extinguishment of debt of approximately 3.0 million, 1.2 million,
 6.1 million and 3.4 million in the fiscal years ended February 28, 2021, February 28, 2019, February 28, 2017 and February 28, 2014,
respectively, related to the February 2021, December 2018, November 2016 and October 2013 refinancing, primarily as a result of repurchasing
securities at par at the refinancing that was previously issued at a discount, as well as the acceleration of the amortization of the
legal and accounting costs associated with the refinancing. The cost of the refinancing was effectively borne by the Company as the holder
of the subordinated notes in Saratoga CLO. The indenture for the Saratoga CLO contemplates the issuance of additional securities from
time to time, pursuant to an amendment to the indenture and subject to various requirements and conditions, including the consent of
the Company (in its capacity as investment manager) and the consent of the of the holders of a majority of the subordinated notes (all
of which are held by the Company) and, except in certain limited circumstances, the consent of the holders of a majority (by principal
amount) the Class A-1 Notes. The Saratoga CLO could also issue additional securities pursuant to a refinancing of the existing securities.
The costs of any such future refinancing would effectively be borne by the Company as the holder of the subordinated notes in Saratoga
CLO. On August 9, 2021, the Company exchanged its existing 17.9 million Class F-R-3 Notes for 8.5 million Class F-1-R-3 Notes and 9.4
million Class F-2-R-3 Notes at par. On August 11, 2021, the Company sold its Class F-1-R-3 Notes to third parties, resulting in a realized
loss of 0.1 million. 

The
Company does not believe that any representations or warranties made by the Company as manager of Saratoga CLO or investor in the subordinated
notes could materially affect the Company. However, because the Company acts as the collateral manager to Saratoga CLO, it may be subject
to claims by third-party investors in Saratoga CLO for alleged or actual negligent acts, errors or omissions or breach of fiduciary duties
committed in the scope of performing its services as the collateral manager. 

As
of February 28, 2023, the Saratoga CLO portfolio consisted of 658.0 million in aggregate principal amount of primarily senior secured
first lien term loans. At February 28, 2023, 96.2 of the Saratoga CLO portfolio consisted of such loans to 345 borrowers with an average
exposure to each borrower of 1.8 million. The weighted average maturity of the portfolio is 4.36 years. In addition, Saratoga CLO held
 23.8 million in cash at February 28, 2023. Our investments in the Saratoga CLO falls into our 30 bucket of non-qualifying
assets under the 1940 Act and currently has an aggregate cost basis of approximately 32.3 million, which is net of all principal payments
made by Saratoga CLO on the Company s total investment in the subordinate notes of Saratoga CLO is 57.8 which consists of additional
investments of 30 million in January 2008, 13.8 million in December 2018 and 14.0 million in February 2021. 

On October 26, 2021, the Company and TJHA JV
I LLC entered into the LLC Agreement to co-manage SLF JV. SLF JV is a joint venture that invests in the debt or equity interests
of collateralized loan obligations, loans, notes and other debt instruments. As of February 28, 2023, the Company has membership interests
with a fair value of 13.1 million and an unsecured loan with a fair value of 17.6 million in the SLF JV, and an investment in the Class
E notes of the SLF JV s wholly owned CLO SLF 2022 with a fair value of 11.4 million. As of February 28, 2023, the
SLF JV has an investment in the subordinated debt of SLF 2022 with a fair value of 34.3 million. 

Prospective
portfolio company characteristics 

Our
Investment Adviser generally selects portfolio companies with one or more of the following characteristics: 

a history of generating stable earnings and strong
 free cash flow; 

well-constructed balance sheets with the ability to
 withstand industry cycles, supported by sustainable enterprise values; 

reasonable debt-to-cash flow multiples; 

exceptional management with meaningful stake; 

industry leadership with competitive advantages and
 sustainable market shares and growth prospects in attractive and healthy sectors; and 

capital structures that provide appropriate terms and
 reasonable covenants. 

9 

Investment
selection 

In
managing us, Saratoga Investment Advisors employs the same investment philosophy and portfolio management methodologies used by Saratoga
Partners. Through this investment selection process, based on quantitative and qualitative analysis, Saratoga Investment Advisors seeks
to identify portfolio companies with superior fundamental risk-reward profiles and strong, defensible business franchises with the goal
of minimizing principal losses while maximizing risk-adjusted returns. Saratoga Investment Advisors investment process emphasizes
the following: 

bottom-up, company-specific research and analysis; 

capital preservation, low volatility and minimization
 of downside risk; and 

investing with experienced management teams that hold
 meaningful equity ownership in their businesses. 

Our
Investment Adviser s investment process generally includes the following steps: 

Initial screening. A brief analysis identifies the
 investment opportunity and reviews the merits of the transaction. The initial screening memorandum provides a brief description of
 the company, its industry, competitive position, capital structure, financials, equity sponsor and deal economics. If the deal is
 determined to be attractive by the senior members of the deal team, the opportunity is fully analyzed. 

Full analysis. A full analysis includes: 

Business and Industry analysis a review of the
 company s business position, competitive dynamics within its industry, cost and growth drivers and technological and geographic
 factors. Business and industry research often includes meetings with industry experts, consultants, other investors, customers and
 competitors. 

Company analysis a review of the company s
 historical financial performance, future projections, cash flow characteristics, balance sheet strength, liquidation value, legal,
 financial and accounting risks, contingent liabilities, market share analysis and growth prospects. 

Structural/security analysis a thorough legal
 document analysis including but not limited to an assessment of financial and negative covenants, events of default, enforceability
 of liens and voting rights. 

Approval of the investment committee. The investment
 is then presented to the investment committee for approval. The investment committee must unanimously approve all investments in
 excess of 1 million made by us. In addition, all sales of our investments must be approved by all four of our investment committee
 members. The members of our investment committee are Christian L. Oberbeck, Michael J. Grisius, Thomas V. Inglesby, and Charles G.
 Phillips. 

Investment
structure 

In
general, our Investment Adviser intends to select investments with financial covenants and terms that reduce leverage over time, thereby
enhancing credit quality. These methods include: 

maintenance leverage covenants requiring a decreasing
 ratio of debt to cash flow; 

maintenance cash flow covenants requiring an increasing
 ratio of cash flow to the sum of interest expense and capital expenditures; and 

debt incurrence prohibitions, limiting a company s
 ability to re-lever. 

10 

In
addition, limitations on asset sales and capital expenditures should prevent a company from changing the nature of its business or capitalization
without our consent. 

Our
Investment Adviser seeks, where appropriate, to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 

requiring a total return on our investments (including
 both interest and potential equity appreciation) that compensates us for credit risk; 

requiring companies to use a portion of their excess
 cash flow to repay debt; 

selecting investments with covenants that incorporate
 call protection as part of the investment structure; and 

selecting investments with affirmative and negative
 covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or participation
 rights. 

Valuation
process 

We
account for our investments at fair value in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC
820 ), as determined in good faith using written policies and procedures adopted by our board of directors. Investments for which
market quotations are readily available are recorded in our consolidated financial statements at such market quotations subject to any
decision by our board of directors to approve a fair value determination to reflect significant events affecting the value of these investments.
We value investments for which market quotations are not readily available at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of
directors based on input from Saratoga Investment Advisors, our audit committee and an independent valuation firm engaged by our board
of directors. We use multiple techniques for determining fair value based on the nature of the investment and experience with those types
of investments and specific portfolio companies. The selections of the valuation techniques and the inputs and assumptions used within
those techniques often require subjective judgements and estimates. These techniques include market comparables, discounted cash flows
and enterprise value waterfalls. Fair value is best expressed as a range of values from which the Company determines a single best estimate.
The types of inputs and assumptions that may be considered in determining the range of values of our investments include the nature and
realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, market yield trend analysis and volatility
in future interest rates, call and put features, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded
companies, discounted cash flows and other relevant factors. 

We
undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter when valuing investments for which market quotations are not readily available,
as described below: 

Each investment is initially valued by the responsible
 investment professionals of Saratoga Investment Advisors and preliminary valuation conclusions are documented and discussed with
 the senior management; and 

An independent valuation firm engaged by our board
 of directors independently reviews a selection of these preliminary valuations each quarter so that the valuation of each investment
 for which market quotes are not readily available is reviewed by the independent valuation firm at least once each fiscal year. We
 use a third-party independent valuation firm to value our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO, the Class F-2-R-3
 Notes tranche of the Saratoga CLO and the Class E Notes tranche of the SLF 2022 every quarter. 

In
addition, all our investments are subject to the following valuation process: 

The audit committee of our board of directors reviews
 and approves each preliminary valuation and our Investment Adviser and independent valuation firm (if applicable) will supplement
 the preliminary valuation to reflect any comments provided by the audit committee; and 

Our board of directors discusses the valuations and
 approves the fair value of each investment in good faith based on the input of our Investment Adviser, independent valuation firm
 (to the extent applicable) and the audit committee of our board of directors. 

11 

Our
investment in Saratoga CLO is carried at fair value, which is based on a discounted cash flow model that utilizes prepayment, re-investment
and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics of the underlying
cash flow, and comparable yields for equity interests in collateralized loan obligation funds similar to Saratoga CLO, when available,
as determined by Saratoga Investment Advisors and recommended to our board of directors. Specifically, we use Intex cash flow models,
or an appropriate substitute, to form the basis for the valuation of our investment in Saratoga CLO. The models use a set of assumptions
including projected default rates, recovery rates, reinvestment rates and prepayment rates in order to arrive at estimated valuations.
The assumptions are based on available market data and projections provided by third parties as well as management estimates. We use
the output from the Intex models (i.e., the estimated cash flows) to perform a discounted cash flow analysis on expected future cash
flows to determine a valuation for our investment in Saratoga CLO. 

Because
such valuations, and particularly valuations of private investments and private companies, are inherently uncertain, they may fluctuate
over short periods of time and may be based on estimates. The determination of fair value may differ materially from the values that
would have been used if a ready market for these investments existed. Our NAV could be materially affected if the determinations regarding
the fair value of our investments were materially higher or lower than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such
investments. 

In
December 2020, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC adopted new Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act Rule
2a-5 that establishes a regulatory framework for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Rule 2a-5
permits boards, subject to board oversight and certain other conditions, to designate the investment adviser to perform fair value determinations.
Rule 2a-5 also defines when market quotations are readily available for purposes of the 1940 Act and the threshold for
determining whether a fund must determine the fair value of a security. The SEC also adopted new Rule 31a-4 under the 1940 Act Rule
31a-4 that provides the recordkeeping requirements associated with fair value determinations. Finally, the SEC rescinded previously
issued guidance on related issues, including the role of the board in determining fair value and the accounting and auditing of fund
investments. Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4 became effective on March 8, 2021, and had a compliance date of September 8, 2022. While our board
of directors has not elected to designate Saratoga Investment Advisors as the valuation designee, the Company has adopted certain revisions
to its valuation policies and procedures in order comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4. 

Ongoing
relationships with and monitoring of portfolio companies 

Saratoga
Investment Advisors will closely monitor each investment we make and, when appropriate, will conduct a regular dialogue with both the
management team and other debtholders and seek specifically tailored financial reporting. In addition, in certain circumstances, senior
investment professionals of Saratoga Investment Advisors may take board seats or board observation seats. 

Distributions 

Our
distributions, if any, will be determined by our board of directors and paid out of assets legally available for distribution. Any such
distributions generally will be taxable to our stockholders, including to those stockholders who receive additional shares of our common
stock pursuant to our dividend reinvestment plan. Prior to January 2009, we paid quarterly dividends to our stockholders. However, in
January 2009, we suspended the practice of paying quarterly dividends to our stockholders and thereafter paid five annual dividend distributions
(December 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010 and 2009) to our stockholders since such time, which distributions were made with a combination of cash
and the issuance of shares of our common stock as discussed more fully below. 

On
September 24, 2014, we announced the recommencement of quarterly dividends to our stockholders and have subsequently made distributions
under this new policy. We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP that provides for reinvestment of our dividend
distributions on behalf of our stockholders unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if our board of directors authorizes,
and we declare, a cash dividend, then our stockholders who have not opted out of the DRIP by the dividend record date will
have their cash dividends automatically reinvested into additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash dividends.
We have the option to satisfy the share requirements of the DRIP through the issuance of new shares of common stock or through open market
purchases of common stock by the DRIP plan administrator. 

In
order to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC, we generally must, for each fiscal year, timely distribute an amount equal to at least
90 of our ordinary net taxable income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses,
if any, reduced by deductible expenses. In addition, we will be subject to a non-deductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax to the extent
we do not distribute during the calendar year at least (1) 98 of our net ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital
gain net income for the one year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net
income that we recognized for preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income
tax. For the 2022 calendar year, the Company did not make sufficient distributions such that we did incur the U.S. federal excise tax.
We may elect to not distribute a portion of our ordinary income for the 2023 calendar year and/or portion of the capital gains in excess
of capital losses realized during the one-year period ending October 31, 2023, if any, and, if we do so, we would expect to incur U.S.
federal excise taxes as a result. 

12 

We
may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of each stockholder. Under certain
applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury regulations and a revenue procedure issued by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ),
a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive
his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed
to all stockholders must be at least 20 of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive their distributions
in cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the
distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive the lesser of (a) the portion of the
distribution such shareholder has elected to receive in cash or (b) an amount equal to his or her entire distribution times the percentage
limitation on cash available for distribution. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. Stockholders
receiving such distributions will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income (or as long-term capital
gain or qualified dividend income to the extent such distribution is properly reported as such) to the extent of our current and accumulated
earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result of receiving distributions in the form of our common stock, a
U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder
sells the stock he or she receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in
income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to
non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion
of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock
in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. 

Competition 

Our
primary competitors in providing financing to private middle-market companies include public and private investment funds (including
private equity funds, mezzanine funds, BDCs and SBICs), commercial and investment banks and commercial financing companies. Additionally,
alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, frequently invest in middle-market companies. As a result, competition for investment
opportunities at middle-market companies can be intense, and in the past couple of years we believe there has been an increase in the
amount of debt capital available on average. This has resulted in a somewhat more competitive environment for making new investments.
Many middle-market companies are still unable to raise senior debt financing through traditional large financial institutions, and we
believe this approach to financing remains difficult as implementation of U.S. and international financial reforms, such as Basel 3,
limits the capacity of large financial institutions to hold non-investment grade leveraged loans on their balance sheets. We believe
that many of these financial institutions have deemphasized their service and product offerings to middle-market companies in particular. 

Many
of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial and marketing resources than us. For example, some
competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk
tolerances or different risk assessments, which may allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships
than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC
or that the Code imposes on us as a RIC. We use the industry information available to the investment professionals of Saratoga Investment
Advisors to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we believe
that the investment professionals of our Investment Adviser enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities
with attractive leveraged companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. 

For
additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, please see Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors We operate in
a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 

Staffing 

We
do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees in the future. Services necessary for our business are provided
by individuals who are employees of Saratoga Investment Advisors, pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement and the Administration
Agreement. For a discussion of the Management Agreement, see Business Investment Advisory and Management Agreement 
below. We reimburse Saratoga Investment Advisors for our allocable portion of expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under
the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our officers and their respective staffs, subject
to certain limitations. For a discussion of the Administration Agreement, see Business Administration Agreement below. 

13 

Investment
Advisory and Management Agreement 

Saratoga
Investment Advisors serves as our investment adviser. Our Investment Adviser was formed in 2010 as a Delaware limited liability company
and became our investment advisor in July 2010. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, Saratoga Investment Advisors
manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory and management services to us. Under the terms of the Management Agreement,
Saratoga Investment Advisors: 

determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature
 and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure
 of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); 

closes and monitors the investments we make; and 

determines the securities and other assets that we
 purchase, retain or sell. 

Saratoga
Investment Advisors services under the Management Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities. 

Management
Fee and Incentive Fee 

Pursuant
to the Management Agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors, we pay Saratoga Investment Advisors a fee for investment advisory and
management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. 

The
base management fee is paid quarterly in arrears, and equals 1.75 per annum of our gross assets (other than cash or cash equivalents
but including assets purchased with borrowed funds) and calculated at the end of each fiscal quarter based on the average value of our
gross assets (other than cash or cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds) as of the end of such fiscal quarter
and the end of the immediate prior fiscal quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter are appropriately pro-rated. 

The
incentive fee has the following two parts: 

The
first part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding
fiscal quarter. Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other
fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio
companies) accrued during the fiscal quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses
payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock
or debt security, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with
a deferred interest feature (such as market discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero-coupon
securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized
capital gains, realized capital losses, unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation or realized gains or losses resulting from the
extinguishment of our own debt. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets
(defined as total assets less liabilities) at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate 
of 1.875 per quarter, subject to a catch up provision. The base management fee is calculated prior to giving effect to
the payment of any incentive fees. 

14 

We
pay Saratoga Investment Advisors an incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each fiscal quarter
as follows: (A) no incentive fee in any fiscal quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle
rate; (B) 100.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment
income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to 2.344 in any fiscal quarter is payable to Saratoga Investment
Advisors; and (C) 20.0 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.344 in any fiscal quarter.
We refer to the amount specified in clause (B) as the catch-up. The catch-up provision is intended to provide
Saratoga Investment Advisors with an incentive fee of 20.0 on all of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate
did not apply when our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds 2.344 in any fiscal quarter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with
respect to any period ending on or prior to December 31, 2010, Saratoga Investment Advisors was only entitled to 20.0 of the amount
of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeded 1.875 in any fiscal quarter without any catch-up provision. These
calculations are appropriately pro-rated when such calculations are applicable for any period of less than three months. 

The
following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income-related portion of the incentive fee subsequent to any period
ending after December 31, 2010: 

Quarterly
Incentive Fee Based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 

Pre-Incentive
Fee Net Investment Income 

(expressed as a percentage of the value
of net assets) 

Percentage
of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment 

Income
allocated to income-related portion of incentive fee 

The
second part of the incentive fee, the capital gains fee, is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or,
upon termination of the Management Agreement), and is calculated at the end of each applicable fiscal year by subtracting (1) the sum
of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (2) our cumulative aggregate realized
capital gains, in each case calculated from May 31, 2010 on each investment in the Company s portfolio. If such amount is positive
at the end of such year, then the capital gains fee for such year is equal to 20.0 of such amount, less the cumulative aggregate amount
of capital gains fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no capital gains fee for such year. 

Under
the Management Agreement, the capital gains portion of the incentive fee is based on realized gains and realized and unrealized losses
from May 31, 2010. Therefore, realized and unrealized losses incurred prior to such time will not be taken into account when calculating
the capital gains portion of the incentive fee, and Saratoga Investment Advisors will be entitled to 20.0 of net capital gains that
arise after May 31, 2010. In addition, the cost basis for computing our realized gains and losses on investments held by us as of May
31, 2010 equals the fair value of such investments as of such date. 

15 

Examples
of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation 

Example
1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee(1): 

Assumptions 

Hurdle rate(2) = 1.875 

Management fee(3) = 0.4375 

Other expenses (legal, accounting,
 custodian, transfer agent, etc.)(4) = 0.33 

Alternative
1 

Additional
Assumptions 

Investment income (including
 interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 

Pre-incentive fee net investment
 income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 0.4825 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed
 hurdle rate, therefore there is no incentive fee. 

Alternative
2 

Additional
Assumptions 

Investment income (including
 interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.0 

Pre-incentive fee net investment
 income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.2325 

Pre-incentive
fee net investment income exceeds hurdle rate, but does not fully satisfy the catch-up provision, therefore the income
related portion of the incentive fee is 0.3575 . 

Incentive Fee 
 = 
 (100.0 (pre-incentive fee
 net investment income 1.875 

= 
 100.0 (2.2325 1.875 

= 
 100.0 (0.3575 

= 
 0.3575 

(1) The
hypothetical amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income shown is based on a percentage of total net assets. 

(2) Represents
7.5 hurdle rate. 

(3) Represents
1.75 annualized management fee. For the purposes of this example, we have assumed that we have not incurred any indebtedness and that
we maintain no cash or cash equivalents. 

(4) The
 catch-up provision is intended to provide our Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.0 on all pre-incentive fee
net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 2.344 in any fiscal quarter. 

Alternative
3 

Additional
Assumptions 

Investment income (including
 interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment
 Income (investment income (management fee + other expenses) = 2.7325 

Pre-incentive
fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, and fully satisfies the catch-up provision, therefore the income related
portion of the incentive fee is 0.5467 . 

Incentive fee 
 = 
 100.0 pre-incentive fee
 net investment income (subject to catch-up )(4) 
 
 Incentive fee 
 = 
 100.0 catch-up + (20.0 
 (Pre-incentive fee net investment income 2.344 )) 
 
 Catch up 
 = 
 2.344 1.875 

= 
 0.469 
 
 Incentive fee 
 = 
 (100.0 0.469 +(20.0 (2.7325 2.344 )) 

= 
 0.469 +(20.0 0.3885 

= 
 0.469 + 0.0777 

= 
 0.5467 

16 

Example
2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee: 

Alternative
1 

Assumptions(1) 

Year 1: 20.0 million investment made in Company A
 Investment A ), and 30.0 million investment made in Company B Investment B 

Year 2: Investment A is sold for 50.0 million and
 fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 32.0 million 

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25.0
 million 

Year 4: Investment B sold for 31.0 million 

The
capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, calculated under the cumulative method would be: 

Year 1: None 

Year 2: 6 million (20.0 multiplied by 30.0 million
 realized capital gains on sale of Investment A) 

Year 3: None; 5 million (20.0 multiplied by 30.0
 million realized cumulative capital gains less 5.0 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 6.0 million (capital gains incentive
 fee paid in Year 2) 

Year 4: 200,000; 6.2 million (20.0 multiplied by
 31.0 million cumulative realized capital gains) less 6.0 million (capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2) 

Alternative
2 

Assumptions(1) 

Year 1: 20.0 million investment made in Company A
 Investment A ), 30.0 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25.0 million investment
 made in Company C Investment C 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50.0 million, FMV of
 Investment B determined to be 25.0 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25.0 million 

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27.0
 million and Investment C sold for 30.0 million 

(1) The
examples assume that Investment A and Investment B were acquired by us subsequent to May 31, 2010. If Investment A and B were acquired
by us prior to May 31, 2010, then the cost basis for computing our realized gains and losses on such investments would equal the fair
value of such investments as of May 31, 2010. 

Year 4: FMV of Investment B
 determined to be 35.0 million 

Year 5: Investment B sold for
 20.0 million 

The
capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, calculated under the cumulative method would be: 

Year 1: None 

Year 2: 5.0 million (20.0 
 multiplied by 25.0 million 30.0 million realized capital gains on Investment A less 5.0 million unrealized capital depreciation
 on Investment B)) 

17 

Year 3: 1.4 million 6.4
 million (20.0 multiplied by 32.0 million 35.0 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3.0 million unrealized capital
 depreciation)) less 5.0 million (capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2)) 

Year 4: None 

Year 5: None 5.0 million
 (20.0 multiplied by 25.0 million (cumulative realized capital gains of 35.0 million less realized capital losses of 10.0 million))
 less 6.4 million (cumulative capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3)) 

The
Management Agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors was approved by our board of directors at an in-person meeting of the directors,
including a majority of our independent directors, and was approved by our stockholders at the special meeting of stockholders held on
July 30, 2010. Subsequent to then, our board of directors has approved the renewal of the Management Agreement annually for an additional
one-year term every year, with the last renewal approved at an in-person meeting on July 5, 2022. 

In
approving renewal of the Management Agreement for an additional one-year term, the directors considered, among other things, (i) the
nature, extent and quality of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by Saratoga Investment Advisors; (ii) our investment
performance and the investment performance of Saratoga Investment Advisors; (iii) the expected costs of the services to be provided by
Saratoga Investment Advisors (including management fees, advisory fees and expense ratios) as compared to other companies within the
industry, and the profits expected to be realized by Saratoga Investment Advisors; (iv) the limited potential for economies of scale
in investment management associated with managing us; and (v) Saratoga Investment Advisors estimated pro forma profitability with respect
to managing us. 

Payment
of our expenses 

The
Management Agreement provides that all investment professionals of Saratoga Investment Advisors and its staff, when and to the extent
engaged in providing investment advisory services required to be provided by Saratoga Investment Advisors, and the compensation and routine
overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by Saratoga Investment Advisors and not
by us. 

We
bear all costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including those relating to: 

organization; 

calculating our NAV (including
 the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

expenses incurred by our Investment
 Adviser payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for
 us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies; 

expenses incurred by our Investment
 Adviser payable for travel and due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies; 

interest payable on debt, if
 any, incurred to finance our investments; 

offerings of our common stock
 and other securities; 

investment advisory and management
 fees; 

fees payable to third parties,
 including agents, consultants or other advisers, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

transfer agent and custodial
 fees; 

federal and state registration
 fees; 

all costs of registration and
 listing our common stock on any securities exchange; 

18 

U.S. federal, state and local
 taxes; 

independent directors 
 fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing
 reports or other documents required by governmental bodies (including the SEC and the SBA); 

costs of any reports, proxy
 statements or other notices to common stockholders including printing costs; 

our fidelity bond, directors
 and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of
 administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors
 and outside legal costs; and 

administration fees and all
 other expenses incurred by us or, if applicable, the administrator in connection with administering our business (including payments
 under the Administration Agreement based upon our allocable portion of the administrator s overhead in performing its obligations
 under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our officers and their respective staffs
 (including travel expenses)). 

Duration
and Termination 

The
Management Agreement will remain in effect continuously, unless terminated under the termination provisions of the Management Agreement.
The Management Agreement provides that it may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice,
by the vote of stockholders holding a majority of our outstanding voting securities, or by the vote of our directors or by Saratoga Investment
Advisors. 

The
Management Agreement will, unless terminated as described above, continue in effect from year to year so long as it is approved at least
annually by (i) the vote of the board of directors, or by the vote of stockholders holding a majority of our outstanding voting securities,
and (ii) the vote of a majority of our directors who are not parties to the Management Agreement or interested persons 
(as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of any party to such agreement, in accordance with the requirements of
the 1940 Act. 

Indemnification 

Under
the Management Agreement, Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates are not liable to us for any action taken or omitted
to be taken by Saratoga Investment Advisors in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under the agreement
or otherwise as an investment adviser to us, except to the extent specified in Section 36(b) of the 1940 Act concerning loss resulting
from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation
for services and except to the extent such action or omission constitutes gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless
disregard of its duties and obligations under the agreement. 

We
also provide indemnification to Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates for damages, liabilities, costs and expenses
incurred by them in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding arising out
of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of its duties or obligations under the agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser
to us. However, we would not provide indemnification against any liability to us or our security holders to which Saratoga Investment
Advisors or such affiliates would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance
of any such person s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the agreement. 

Organization
of the Investment Adviser 

Saratoga
Investment Advisors is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers
Act ). The principal executive offices of Saratoga Investment Advisors are located at 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

19 

Administration
Agreement 

Pursuant
to a separate Administration Agreement, Saratoga Investment Advisors, who also serves as our administrator, furnishes us with office
facilities, equipment and clerical, book-keeping and record keeping services. Under the Administration Agreement, our administrator also
performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible
for the financial records which we are required to maintain, preparing reports for our stockholders and reports required to be filed
with the SEC. In addition, our administrator assists us in determining and publishing our NAV, oversees the preparation and filing of
our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses
and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Payments under the Administration Agreement
equal an amount based upon our allocable portion of our administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration
Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our officers and their respective staffs relating to the performance
of services under this agreement (including travel expenses). Our allocable portion is based on the proportion that our total assets
bears to the total assets administered or managed by our administrator. Under the Administration Agreement, our administrator also provides
managerial assistance, on our behalf, to those portfolio companies who accept our offer of assistance. The Administration Agreement may
be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. Our board of directors, including a majority
of independent directors, will annually review the compensation we pay to the Adviser to determine that the provisions of the Administrative
Agreement are carried out satisfactorily and to determine, among other things, whether the fees payable under such agreement are reasonable
in light of the services provided. Our board of directors reviews the methodology employed in determining how the expenses are allocated
to us and any proposed allocation of administrative expenses among us and any affiliates of the Adviser. Our board of directors then
assesses the reasonableness of such reimbursements for expenses allocated to us based on the breadth, depth and quality of the administrative
services as compared to the estimated cost to us of obtaining similar services from third-party service providers known to be available.
In addition, our board of directors considers whether any single third-party service provider would be capable of providing all such
services at comparable cost and quality. Finally, our board of directors compares the total amount paid to the Adviser for such services
as a percentage of our net assets to the same ratio as reported by other comparable funds. Most recently, on July 5, 2022, our board
of directors approved the renewal of the Administration Agreement for an additional one-year term and determined to increase the cap
on the payment or reimbursement of expenses by the Company from 3.0 million to 3.275 million effective August 1, 2022. 

Indemnification 

Under
the Administration Agreement, Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates are not liable to us for any action taken or
omitted to be taken by Saratoga Investment Advisors in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under the
agreement. 

We
also provide indemnification to Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates for damages, liabilities, costs and expenses
incurred by them in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding arising out
of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of its duties or obligations under the agreement or otherwise as an administrator to
us. However, we do not provide indemnification against any liability to us or our security holders to which Saratoga Investment Advisors
or such affiliates would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of any
such person s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the agreement. 

License
Agreement 

We
entered into a trademark license agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors, pursuant to which Saratoga Investment Advisors grants us
a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Saratoga. Under this agreement, we have a right to use the Saratoga 
name, for so long as Saratoga Investment Advisors or one of its affiliates remains our Investment Adviser. Other than with respect to
this limited license, we have no legal right to the Saratoga name. Saratoga Investment Advisors has the right to terminate
the license agreement if it is no longer acting as our investment adviser. In the event the Management Agreement is terminated, we would
be required to change our name to eliminate the use of the name Saratoga. 

Business
Development Company Regulations 

We
have elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain
substantive regulatory requirements. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their
affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters,
and requires that a majority of the directors be independent directors. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the
nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC, unless approved by a majority of our outstanding
voting securities, as defined in the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the
1940 Act as the lesser of: (i) 67.0 or more of such company s stock present at a meeting if more than 50.0 of the outstanding
stock of such company is present and represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50.0 of the outstanding stock of such company. 

20 

We
do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company (including Section 3(c)(1) and Section 3(c)(7) funds for this purpose,
and mutual funds, registered closed-end funds and BDCs) that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except for
registered money market funds, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of the investment company s total outstanding
voting stock, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 
of the aggregate value of our total assets in the securities of more than one investment company. With regard to that portion of our
portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders
to additional expenses. 

We
are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement.
Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising
from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s
office. 

We
and our investment adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the
federal securities laws and review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation.
We and our investment adviser have designated a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering these policies and procedures.
We expect to be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 

Qualifying
assets 

A
BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making
investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) below. Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other
than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the
acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70.0 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying
assets relevant to our business are the following: 

(1) 
 Securities purchased in transactions
 not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an
 eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible
 portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company
 is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) 
 is organized under the laws
 of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

(b) 
 is not an investment company
 (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for
 certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

(c) 
 satisfies either of the following: 

(i) 
 does not have any class of
 securities listed on a national securities exchange; 

(ii) 
 has a class of securities listed
 on a national securities exchange but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than
 250.0 million; 

(iii) 
 is controlled by a BDC or a
 group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; 

(iv) 
 is a small and solvent company
 having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million; or 

(v) 
 meets such other criteria as
 may established by the SEC. (2)	Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

21 

(3) 
 Securities
 purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer,
 or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior
 to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional
 lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) 
 Securities
 of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities
 and we already own at least 60.0 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) 
 Securities
 received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise
 of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) 
 Cash,
 cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

The
regulations defining qualifying assets may change over time. We may adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and/or take
advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative or judicial actions in this area. 

Significant
managerial assistance to portfolio companies 

A
BDC generally must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities in which it invests significant managerial assistance, except
in circumstances where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction
with one or more other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance.
As a BDC we offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. Making available significant managerial
assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees or those of its investment
adviser, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations
or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations
of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies
and providing other organizational and financial guidance. Pursuant to a separate Administration Agreement, our Saratoga Investment Advisors
provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance, recognizing that our involvement
with each investment will vary based on factors including the size of the company, the nature of our investment, the company s
overall stage of development and our relative position in the capital structure. We may receive fees for these services. 

Temporary
investments 

As
a BDC, pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash,
cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment,
which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70.0 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest
in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued
by the U.S. Government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security
and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the
purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets
that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25.0 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements
from a single counterparty, we would not meet the asset-diversification requirements in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Investment
Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 

Indebtedness
and senior securities 

As
a BDC, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of shares of stock, senior
to our common stock, if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200 immediately after each such issuance.
On April 16, 2018, as permitted by the Small Business Credit Availability Act, which was signed into law on March 23, 2018, our board
of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, approved of our becoming subject to a minimum asset coverage ratio of
150 under Sections 18(a)(1) and 18(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. The 150 asset coverage ratio became effective on April 16, 2019. See Risk
Factors Effective April 16, 2019, our asset coverage requirement was reduced from 200 to 150 , which could increase the risk
of investing in the Company. We may also borrow amounts up to 5.0 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency
purposes without regard to asset coverage. 

The
1940 Act also limits the amount of warrants, options and rights to common stock that we may issue and the terms of such securities. 

22 

Common
stock 

We
are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below NAV per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, warrants,
options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the current NAV of the common stock if our board of directors determines
that such sale is in our best interests and that of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price
at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our board of directors,
closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). We may also make rights offerings
to our stockholders at prices per share less than the NAV per share, subject to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 

Code
of ethics 

As
a BDC, we and Saratoga Investment Advisors have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1
under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities
transactions. Personnel subject to each code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that
may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. In addition, each
code of ethics is available on the EDGAR database on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Our code of ethics is also available
on our corporate governance webpage at http://ir.saratogainvestmentcorp.com/corporate-governance. 

Proxy
voting policies and procedures 

SEC
registered investment advisers that have the authority to vote (client) proxies (which authority may be implied from a general grant
of investment discretion) are required to adopt policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the adviser votes proxies
in the best interests of its clients. Registered investment advisers also must maintain certain records on proxy voting. In most cases,
we will invest in securities that do not generally entitle us to voting rights in our portfolio companies. When we do have voting rights,
we will delegate the exercise of such rights to our Investment Adviser. 

Saratoga
Investment Advisors has particular proxy voting policies and procedures in place. In determining how to vote, officers of Saratoga Investment
Advisors will consult with each other, taking into account our interests and the interests of our investors, as well as any potential
conflicts of interest. Saratoga Investment Advisors will consult with legal counsel to identify potential conflicts of interest. Where
a potential conflict of interest exists, Saratoga Investment Advisors may, if it so elects, resolve it by following the recommendation
of a disinterested third party, by seeking the direction of our independent directors or, in extreme cases, by abstaining from voting.
While Saratoga Investment Advisors may retain an outside service to provide voting recommendations and to assist in analyzing votes,
it will not delegate its voting authority to any third party. 

An
officer of Saratoga Investment Advisors will keep a written record of how all such proxies are voted. It will retain records of (1) proxy
voting policies and procedures, (2) all proxy statements received (or it may rely on proxy statements filed on the SEC s EDGAR
system in lieu thereof), (3) all votes cast, (4) investor requests for voting information, and (5) any specific documents prepared or
received in connection with a decision on a proxy vote. If it uses an outside service, Saratoga Investment Advisors may rely on such
service to maintain copies of proxy statements and records, so long as such service will provide a copy of such documents promptly upon
request. 

Saratoga
Investment Advisors proxy voting policies are not exhaustive and are designed to be responsive to the wide range of issues that
may be subject to a proxy vote. In general, Saratoga Investment Advisors will vote our proxies in accordance with these guidelines unless:
(1) it has determined otherwise due to the specific and unusual facts and circumstances with respect to a particular vote, (2) the subject
matter of the vote is not covered by these guidelines, (3) a material conflict of interest is present, or (4) it finds it necessary to
vote contrary to its general guidelines to maximize stockholder value or our best interests. 

23 

In
reviewing proxy issues, Saratoga Investment Advisors generally will use the following guidelines: 

Elections
of Directors: In general, Saratoga Investment Advisors will vote in favor of the management-proposed slate of directors. If there
is a proxy fight for seats on a portfolio company s board of directors, or Saratoga Investment Advisors determines that there are
other compelling reasons for withholding our vote, it will determine the appropriate vote on the matter. It may withhold votes for directors
that fail to act on key issues, such as failure to: (1) implement proposals to declassify a board, (2) implement a majority vote requirement,
(3) submit a rights plan to a stockholder vote or (4) act on tender offers where a majority of stockholders have tendered their shares.
Finally, Saratoga Investment Advisors may withhold votes for directors of non-U.S. issuers where there is insufficient information about
the nominees disclosed in the proxy statement. 

Appointment
of Auditors: We believe that a portfolio company remains in the best position to choose its independent auditors and Saratoga Investment
Advisors will generally support management s recommendation in this regard. 

Changes
in Capital Structure: Changes in a portfolio company s organizational documents may be required by state or federal regulation.
In general, Saratoga Investment Advisors will cast our votes in accordance with the management on such proposals. However, Saratoga Investment
Advisors will consider carefully any proposal regarding a change in corporate structure that is not required by state or federal regulation. 

Corporate
Restructurings, Mergers and Acquisitions: We believe proxy votes dealing with corporate reorganizations are an extension of the investment
decision. Accordingly, Saratoga Investment Advisors will analyze such proposals on a case-by-case basis and vote in accordance with its
perception of our interests. 

Proposals
Affecting Stockholder Rights: We will generally vote in favor of proposals that give stockholders a greater voice in the affairs
of a portfolio company and oppose any measure that seeks to limit such rights. However, when analyzing such proposals, Saratoga Investment
Advisors will balance the financial impact of the proposal against any impairment of stockholder rights as well as of our investment
in the portfolio company. 

Corporate
Governance: We recognize the importance of good corporate governance. Accordingly, Saratoga Investment Advisors will generally favor
proposals that promote transparency and accountability within a portfolio company. 

Anti-Takeover
Measures: Saratoga Investment Advisors will evaluate, on a case-by-case basis, any proposals regarding anti- takeover measures to
determine the likely effect on stockholder value dilution. 

Share
Splits: Saratoga Investment Advisors will generally vote with management on share split matters. 

Limited
Liability of Directors: Saratoga Investment Advisors will generally vote with management on matters that could adversely affect the
limited liability of directors. 

Social
and Corporate Responsibility: Saratoga Investment Advisors will review proposals related to social, political and environmental issues
to determine whether they may adversely affect stockholder value. It may abstain from voting on such proposals where they do not have
a readily determinable financial impact on stockholder value. 

Privacy
principles 

We
are committed to protecting the privacy of our stockholders. The following explains the privacy policies of Saratoga 

Investment
Corp., Saratoga Investment Advisors and their affiliated companies. 

We
will safeguard, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, all information we receive about our stockholders. 

Generally,
we do not receive any non-public personal information relating to our stockholders, although certain non-public personal information
of our stockholders may become available to us. The only information we collect from stockholders is the holder s name, address,
number of shares and social security number. This information is used only so that we can send annual reports and other information about
us to the stockholder and send the stockholder proxy statements or other information required by law. We restrict access to non-public
personal information about our stockholders to our Investment Adviser s and Administrator s employees with a legitimate business
need for the information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal information
of our stockholders. 

24 

We
do not share this information with any non-affiliated third party except as described below: 

Authorized Employees of
 Saratoga Investment Advisors . It is our policy that only authorized employees of Saratoga Investment Advisors who need to know
 a stockholder s personal information will have access to it. 

Service Providers. We
 may disclose your personal information to companies that provide services on our behalf, such as recordkeeping, processing a stockholder s
 trades, and mailing stockholder information. These companies are required to protect our stockholders information and use
 it solely for the purpose for which they received it. 

Courts and Government Officials.
 If required by law, we may disclose a stockholder s personal information in accordance with a court order or at the request
 of government regulators. Only that information required by law, subpoena, or court order will be disclosed. 

Compliance
with applicable laws 

As
a BDC, we are periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 

We
are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement.
Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising
from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s
office. 

We
and Saratoga Investment Advisors are each required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent
violation of the federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their
implementation, and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 

The
New York Stock Exchange NYSE Corporate Governance Regulations 

The
NYSE has adopted corporate governance regulations that listed companies must comply with. We are in compliance with such corporate governance
listing standards applicable to BDCs. 

Co-investment

We
may be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval
of our board of directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. Thus, based on current SEC interpretations,
co-investment transactions involving a BDC like us and an entity that is advised by Saratoga Investment Advisors or an affiliated adviser
generally could not be effected without SEC relief. The staff of the SEC has, however, granted no-action relief to third parties permitting
purchases of a single class of privately-placed securities provided that the adviser negotiates no term other than price and certain
other conditions are met. As a result, currently we only expect to co-invest on a concurrent basis with affiliates of Saratoga Investment
Advisors when each party will own the same securities of the issuer and when no term is negotiated other than price. Any such investment
would be made, subject to compliance with existing regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and our allocation procedures. 

We
may in the future submit an application for exemptive relief to the SEC to permit greater flexibility to negotiate the terms of co-investments
because we believe that it will be advantageous for us to co-invest with affiliates of Saratoga Investment Advisors where such investment
is consistent with the investment objective, investment positions, investment policies, investment strategies, investment restrictions,
regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors applicable to us. However, there is no assurance that any application for exemptive
relief, if made, would be granted by the SEC. 

Small
Business Investment Company Regulations 

Our
wholly owned subsidiaries, SBIC LP, SBIC II LP, and SBIC III LP, received an SBIC license from the SBA on March 28, 2012, August 14,
2019, and September 29, 2022, respectively. 

25 

The
SBIC licenses allows our SBIC Subsidiaries to obtain leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures, subject to the satisfaction of certain
customary procedures. SBA-guaranteed debentures are non-recourse, interest only debentures with interest payable semi- annually and have
a ten-year maturity. The principal amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures is not required to be paid prior to maturity but may be prepaid
at any time without penalty. The interest rate of SBA-guaranteed debentures is fixed at the time of issuance at a market-driven spread
over U.S. Treasury Notes with 10-year maturities. 

SBICs
are designed to stimulate the flow of private equity capital to eligible small businesses. Under SBA regulations, SBICs may make loans
to eligible small businesses and invest in the equity securities of small businesses. Under current SBA regulations, eligible small businesses
include businesses (together with their affiliates) that have a tangible net worth not exceeding 24.0 million and have average annual
net income after U.S federal income taxes not exceeding 8.0 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any carryover
loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, an SBIC must devote 25.0 of its investment activity to smaller enterprises 
as defined by the SBA. A smaller enterprise is a business (including its affiliates) that has a tangible net worth not exceeding 6.0
million and has average annual net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 2.0 million (average net income to be computed
without benefit of any net carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. SBA regulations also provide alternative size standard
criteria to determine eligibility for designation as an eligible small business, which depend on the industry in which the business is
engaged and are based on such factors as the number of employees and gross revenue. According to SBA regulations, SBICs may make long-term
loans to small businesses, invest in the equity securities of such businesses and provide them with consulting and advisory services. 

The
SBIC Subsidiaries are subject to regulation and oversight by the SBA, including requirements with respect to maintaining certain minimum
financial ratios and other covenants. Receipt of an SBIC license does not assure that our SBIC Subsidiaries will receive SBA-guaranteed
debenture funding, which is dependent upon each SBIC Subsidiary continuing to be in compliance with SBA regulations and policies. The
SBA, as a creditor, will have a superior claim to each SBIC Subsidiary s assets over our stockholders and debtholders in the event
we liquidate such SBIC Subsidiary or the SBA exercises its remedies under the SBA-guaranteed debentures issued by the SBIC Subsidiary
upon an event of default. 

We
received exemptive relief from the SEC to permit it to exclude the senior securities of the SBIC Subsidiaries from the definition of
senior securities in the asset coverage requirement under the 1940 Act. This allows us increased flexibility under the asset coverage
requirement by permitting it to borrow up to 350.0 million more than it would otherwise be able to absent the receipt of this exemptive
relief. 

For
two or more SBIC s under common control, the maximum amount of outstanding SBA debentures cannot exceed 350.0 million with at
least 175.0 million in combined regulatory capital. Our wholly owned SBIC Subsidiaries may borrow funds from the SBA against its respective
regulatory capital (which generally approximates equity capital) that is paid in and is subject to customary regulatory requirements
including but not limited to an examination by the SBA. The SBIC Subsidiaries have 237.0 million of committed capital on an aggregate
basis. SBA regulations currently limit the amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures that an individual SBIC may issue to 150.0 million when
it has at least 75.0 million in regulatory capital. 

As
of February 28, 2023, we have funded SBIC LP with an aggregate total of 75.0 million of equity capital and have 27.0 million of SBA
guaranteed debentures outstanding. We have funded SBIC II LP with an aggregate total of 87.5 million of equity capital and have 175.0
million of SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding and we have funded SBIC III LP with an aggregate total of 35.0 million of equity capital
and have 0.0 million of SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. 

Available
Information 

We
file with or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational
requirements of the Securities Exchange of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains an Internet website that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

Our
Internet address is www.saratogainvestmentcorp.com. We make available free of charge on our Internet website our Annual Report on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report, and you should not consider that information to be part of this Annual Report. 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

58 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own any real estate or other physical
properties important to our operations, however, an affiliate of our Investment Adviser leases office space for our executive offices
at 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Neither we nor our wholly owned subsidiaries are
currently subject to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we, our consolidated subsidiaries and/or Saratoga Investment Advisors
may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our
rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business also is subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory
proceedings against us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

59 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

. Fiscal Year Ended February 28, 2023 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year Ended February 28, 2022 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 

(1) Net asset value per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the net asset value per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. (2) 

60 

Summarized Financial Highlights 

The
following table summarizes ten years of financial highlights: 

For
 the year ended 
 
 Per
 share data 
 February
 28, 
 2023 
 February
 28, 
 2022 
 February
 28, 
 2021 
 February
 29, 
 2020 
 February
 28, 
 2019 
 
 Net
 asset value at beginning of period 
 29.33 
 27.25 
 27.13 
 23.62 
 22.96 
 
 Adoption
 of ASC 606 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 (0.01 
 
 Net
 asset value at beginning of period, as adjusted 
 29.33 
 27.25 
 27.13 
 23.62 
 22.95 
 
 Net
 investment income(1) 
 2.94 
 1.74 
 2.07 
 1.59 
 2.60 
 
 Net
 realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments(1) 
 (0.75 
 2.46 
 (0.74 
 4.56 
 0.03 
 
 Realized
 losses on extinguishment of debt 
 (0.13 
 (0.21 
 (0.01 
 (0.17 
 - 
 
 Net
 increase in net assets resulting from operations 
 2.06 
 3.99 
 1.32 
 5.98 
 2.63 
 
 Distributions
 declared from net investment income 
 (2.28 
 (1.93 
 (1.23 
 (2.21 
 (2.06 
 
 Total
 distributions to stockholders 
 (2.28 
 (1.93 
 (1.23 
 (2.21 
 (2.06 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock above net asset value(2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.15 
 
 Repurchases
 of common stock(3) 
 0.17 
 0.01 
 0.13 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dilution(4) 
 (0.10 
 - 
 (0.10 
 (0.26 
 (0.05 
 
 Net
 asset value at end of period 
 29.18 
 29.33 
 27.25 
 27.13 
 23.62 

Per
 share market value at end of period 
 27.55 
 27.47 
 23.08 
 22.91 
 23.04 
 
 Total
 return based on market value(5) 
 10.35 
 28.19 
 7.63 
 9.28 
 16.11 
 
 Total
 return based on net asset value(5)(6) 
 9.46 
 15.88 
 7.31 
 26.22 
 13.33 
 
 Shares
 outstanding at end of period 
 11,890,500 
 12,131,350 
 11,161,416 
 11,217,545 
 7,657,156 

Ratio/Supplemental
 data: 

Net
 assets at end of period 
 346,958,042 
 355,780,523 
 304,185,770 
 304,286,853 
 180,875,187 
 
 Ratio
 of total expenses to average net assets 
 18.91 
 16.09 
 13.11 
 18.34 
 19.12 
 
 Ratio
 of net investment income to average net assets 
 10.23 
 6.05 
 7.77 
 6.31 
 11.22 
 
 Portfolio
 turnover rate(7) 
 24.05 
 33.59 
 25.26 
 36.82 
 35.26 

For
 the year ended 
 
 Per
 share data 
 February 28,
 
 2018 
 February 28,
 
 2017 
 February 29,
 
 2016 
 February 28,
 
 2015 
 February 28,
 
 2014 
 
 Net
 asset value at beginning of period 
 21.97 
 22.06 
 22.70 
 21.08 
 22.71 
 
 Adoption
 of ASC 606 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 asset value at beginning of period, as adjusted 
 21.97 
 22.06 
 22.70 
 21.08 
 22.71 
 
 Net
 investment income(1) 
 2.11 
 1.94 
 1.91 
 1.80 
 1.80 
 
 Net
 realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments(1) 
 0.82 
 0.30 
 0.18 
 0.24 
 (0.07 
 
 Realized
 losses on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 (0.26 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 increase in net assets resulting from operations 
 2.93 
 2.24 
 2.09 
 2.04 
 1.73 
 
 Distributions
 declared from net investment income 
 (1.90 
 (1.93 
 (2.36 
 (0.40 
 (2.65 
 
 Total
 distributions to stockholders 
 (1.90 
 (1.93 
 (2.36 
 (0.40 
 (2.65 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock above net asset value(2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Repurchases
 of common stock(3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dilution(4) 
 (0.04 
 (0.14 
 (0.37 
 (0.02 
 (0.71 
 
 Net
 asset value at end of period 
 22.96 
 21.97 
 22.06 
 22.70 
 21.08 

Per
 share market value at end of period 
 21.86 
 22.74 
 14.22 
 15.76 
 15.85 
 
 Total
 return based on market value(5) 
 5.28 
 80.83 
 4.27 
 1.63 
 9.10 
 
 Total
 return based on net asset value(5)(6) 
 14.45 
 12.62 
 11.10 
 10.09 
 8.75 
 
 Shares
 outstanding at end of period 
 6,257,029 
 5,794,600 
 5,672,227 
 5,401,899 
 5,379,616 

Ratio/Supplemental
 data: 

Net
 assets at end of period 
 143,691,367 
 127,294,777 
 125,149,875 
 122,598,742 
 113,427,929 
 
 Ratio
 of total expenses to average net assets 
 19.05 
 17.27 
 15.46 
 14.85 
 12.59 
 
 Ratio
 of net investment income to average net assets 
 9.37 
 8.71 
 8.52 
 8.11 
 7.97 
 
 Portfolio
 turnover rate(7) 
 19.73 
 43.76 
 26.22 
 31.28 
 37.82 

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 

(1) 
 Per share amounts are calculated using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. 

61 

(2) 
 The continuous issuance of common stock may cause an incremental increase in net asset value per share due to the sale of shares at the then prevailing public offering price and the receipt of net proceeds per share by the Company in excess of net asset value per share on each subscription closing date. The per share data was derived by computing (i) the sum of (A) the number of shares issued in connection with subscriptions and/or distribution reinvestment on each share transaction date multiplied by (B) the differences between the net proceeds per share and the net asset value per share on each share transaction date, divided by (ii) the total shares outstanding during the period. 

(3) 
 Represents the anti-dilutive impact on the net asset value per share NAV of the Company due to the repurchase of common shares. See Note 11, Stockholders Equity. See Note 13, Dividend. 

(4) 
 Represents the dilutive effect of issuing common stock below net asset value per share during the period in connection with the satisfaction of the Company s annual RIC distribution requirement and may include the impact of the different share amounts used for different items (weighted average basic common shares outstanding for the corresponding year and actual common shares outstanding at the end of the year) in the per common share data calculation and rounding impacts. See Note 12, Dividend. 

(5) 
 Total investment return is calculated assuming a purchase of common shares at the current market value on the first day and a sale at the current market value on the last day of the periods reported. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company s DRIP. Total investment return does not reflect brokerage commissions. 

(6) 
 Total investment return is calculated assuming a purchase of common shares at the current net asset value on the first day and a sale at the current net asset value on the last day of the periods reported. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company s DRIP. Total investment return does not reflect brokerage commissions. 

(7) 
 Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of year-to-date sales or year-to-date purchases over the average of the invested assets at fair value. 

On September 24,
2014, the Company announced the approval of an open market share repurchase plan that allowed it to repurchase up to 200,000 shares of
its common stock at prices below its NAV as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements (the Share
Repurchase Plan ). On October 7, 2015, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year and increased
the number of shares the Company is permitted to repurchase at prices below its NAV, as reported in its then most recently published consolidated
financial statements, to 400,000 shares of its common stock. On October 5, 2016, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase
Plan for another year to October 15, 2017 and increased the number of shares the Company is permitted to repurchase at prices below its
NAV, as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements, to 600,000 shares of its common stock. On October
10, 2017, January 8, 2019 and January 7, 2020, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year to October 15,
2018, January 15, 2020 and January 15, 2021, respectively, each time leaving the number of shares unchanged at 600,000 shares of its common
stock. On May 4, 2020, our board of directors increased the Share Repurchase Plan to 1.3 million shares of common stock. On January 5,
2021 and January 4, 2022, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year to January 15, 2022, leaving the
number of shares unchanged at 1.3 million shares of common stock. On January 9, 2023, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase
Plan for another year to January 15, 2024, increasing the number of shares to 1.7 million shares of common stock . As
of February 28, 2023, the Company purchased 946,627 shares of common stock, at the average price of 21.83 for approximately 20.7 million
pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan. During the three months ended February 28, 2023, the Company purchased 48,594 shares of common
stock, at the average price 25.19 for approximately 1.2 million pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan. During the year ended February
28, 2023, the Company purchased 438,192 shares of common stock, at the average price 24.70 for approximately 10.8 million pursuant to
the Share Repurchase Plan. 

62 

As shown in the table below, as of February 28,
2023, we had purchased 946,627 shares of common stock pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan, at the average price of 21.83 for approximately
 20.7 million pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan. 

Period 
 Total
 Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 
 Average
 Price per Share (or Unit) 
 Total
 Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans or 
 Programs 
 Maximum
 Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under
 the Plans or Programs 
 
 March 1, 2015 through November 30, 2015 
 2,500 
 15.59 
 2,500 
 397,500 
 
 December 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015 
 - 
 - 
 2,500 
 397,500 
 
 January 1, 2016 through January 31, 2016 
 4,200 
 13.86 
 6,700 
 393,300 
 
 February 1, 2016 through February 29, 2016 
 18,717 
 13.86 
 25,417 
 374,583 
 
 March 1, 2016 through March 31, 2016 
 16,282 
 14.57 
 41,699 
 358,301 
 
 April 1, 2016 through April 30, 2016 
 7,858 
 16.22 
 49,557 
 350,443 
 
 May 1, 2016 through May 31, 2016 
 21,357 
 16.29 
 70,914 
 329,086 
 
 June 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016 
 8,310 
 16.50 
 79,224 
 320,776 
 
 July 1, 2016 through July 31, 2016 
 19,212 
 17.31 
 98,436 
 301,564 
 
 August 1, 2016 through August 31, 2016 
 40,058 
 17.44 
 138,494 
 261,506 
 
 September 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 
 40,221 
 18.04 
 178,715 
 221,285 
 
 October 1, 2016 through October 31, 2016 
 27,076 
 18.10 
 205,791 
 394,209 
 
 November 1, 2016 through November 30, 2016 
 8,600 
 18.24 
 214,391 
 385,609 
 
 December 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016 
 4,100 
 18.57 
 218,491 
 381,509 
 
 January 1, 2017 through February 29, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 218,491 
 381,509 
 
 March 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021 
 190,321 
 18.96 
 408,812 
 891,188 
 
 March 1, 2021 through February 28, 2022 
 99,623 
 25.55 
 508,435 
 791,565 
 
 March 1, 2022 through February 28, 2023 
 438,192 
 24.70 
 946,627 
 353,373 
 
 Total 
 946,627 
 21.83 

Holders 

The last reported closing sale price of our common
stock on May 1, 2023 was 25.61 per share, which represents a discount of approximately 12.7 to the NAV reported as of February 28,
2023. As of May 1, 2023, there were 11 holders of record of our common stock. 

63 

Dividend Policy 

Our distributions, if any, will be determined
by our board of directors and paid out of assets legally available for distribution. Any such distributions generally will be taxable
to our stockholders, including to those stockholders who receive additional shares of our common stock pursuant to our dividend reinvestment
plan. Prior to January 2009, we paid quarterly dividends to our stockholders. However, in January 2009, we suspended the practice of paying
quarterly dividends to our stockholders and thereafter, paid five annual dividend distributions (December 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010 and 2009)
to our stockholders since such time, which distributions were made with a combination of cash and the issuance of shares of our common
stock as discussed more fully below. 

On September 24, 2014, we announced the recommencement
of quarterly dividends to our stockholders. We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP that provides for reinvestment
of our dividend distributions on behalf of our stockholders unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if our board of
directors authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend, then our stockholders who have not opted out of the DRIP by the dividend
record date will have their cash dividends automatically reinvested into additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving
the cash dividends. We have the option to satisfy the share requirements of the DRIP through the issuance of new shares of common stock
or through open market purchases of common stock by the DRIP plan administrator. 

We are prohibited from making distributions that
cause us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratio stipulated by the 1940 Act, subject to certain exceptions, or that violate our debt
covenants. 

In order to maintain tax treatment as a RIC, we
generally must for each fiscal year timely distribute an amount equal to at least 90 of our ordinary net taxable income and realized
net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, reduced by deductible expenses. In addition,
we will be subject to U.S. federal excise taxes to the extent we do not distribute during the calendar year at least (1) 98 of our net
ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar
year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income that we recognized for preceding years, but were not distributed during
such years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. For the 2019, 2018 and 2017 calendar year, the Company made distributions
sufficient such that we did not incur any U.S. federal excise taxes. For the 2014, 2015, 2016, 2020 and 2021 calendar years, our distributions
were insufficient such that we incurred U.S. federal excise taxes. We may elect to withhold from distribution a portion of our ordinary
income for the 2022 calendar year and/or portion of the capital gains in excess of capital losses realized during the one-year period
ending October 31, 2022, if any, and, if we do so, we would expect to incur U.S. federal excise taxes as a result. 

In accordance with certain applicable provisions
of the Code and the Treasury regulations and a revenue procedure issued by the IRS, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as
fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or
stock of the RIC subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders must be at least 20 
of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated
among the shareholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder,
electing to receive cash, receive the lesser of (a) the portion of the distribution such shareholder has elected to receive in cash or
(b) an amount equal to his or her entire distribution times the percentage limitation on cash available for distribution. If these and
certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the
amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. Stockholders receiving such distributions (whether received in cash, our
stock, or a combination thereof) will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income (or as long-term capital
gain or qualified dividend income to the extent such distribution is properly reported as such) to the extent of our current and accumulated
earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

64 

Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the return on our
common stock with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the NASDAQ Financial 100 index and the Standard Poor s
BDC Index, for the period from March 23, 2007, the date our common stock began trading, through February 28, 2023. The graph assumes that,
on March 23, 2007, a person invested 100 in each of our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the NASDAQ Financial
100 index and the Standard Poor s BDC Index. The graph measures total shareholder return, which takes into account both changes
in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends paid are reinvested in like securities. 

Outstanding Securities and Debt 

The following table shows our outstanding classes of securities and
debt as of February 28, 2023. 

(a) 
Title of Class 
 (b) 
Amount Authorized 
 (c) 
Amount Held by us or for Our Account 
 (d) 
Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Amounts Shown Under (c) 
 
 Securities: 

Common Stock 
 100,000,000 
 11,890,500 
 88,109,500 
 
 Debt: 

Encina credit facility 
 50,000,000 
 32,500,000 
 17,500,000 
 
 SBA Debentures 
 325,000,000 
 202,000,000 
 59,000,000 
 
 6.00 2025 Notes 
 12,000,000 
 12,000,000 
 - 
 
 7.75 2025 Notes 
 5,000,000 
 5,000,000 
 - 
 
 4.375 2026 Notes 
 175,000,000 
 175,000,000 
 - 
 
 4.35 2027 Notes 
 75,000,000 
 75,000,000 
 - 
 
 6.00 2027 Notes 
 105,500,000 
 105,500,000 
 - 
 
 6.25 2027 Notes 
 15,000,000 
 15,000,000 
 - 
 
 8.00 2027 Notes 
 46,000,000 
 46,000,000 
 - 
 
 8.125 2027 Notes 
 60,375,000 
 60,375,000 
 - 

65 

FEES AND EXPENSES 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) . 

(5) 

66 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

Assuming a 5 annual return resulting entirely from net realized capital gains (all of which is subject to incentive fee based on capital gains)(2) 

67 

This example and the
expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses (including the cost
of debt, if any, and other expenses) may be greater or less than those shown. 

The foregoing table is to assist you in understanding
the various costs and expenses that an investor in our common stock will bear directly or indirectly. While the example assumes, as required
by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . Both examples assume that
the 5 annual return will be generated entirely through net realized capital gains and, as a result, will trigger the payment of the capital
gains portion of the incentive fee under the investment advisory agreement. Any potential income portion of the incentive fee under the
investment advisory agreement is not included in the example. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through net
realized capital gains, to trigger an incentive fee of a material amount, our expenses, and returns to our investors, would be higher.
In addition, while the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends and distributions at NAV, under certain circumstances, reinvestment
of dividends and other distributions under our dividend reinvestment plan may occur at a price per share that differs from NAV. 

Sales of unregistered securities 

On July 9, 2020, the Company issued 5.0 million
aggregate principal amount of our 7.75 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 4.8 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 0.2 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million. Interest on the 7.75 2025 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on
February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 7.75 per year. The 7.75 2025 Notes mature on July 9, 2025 and may be redeemed
in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate
purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 0.3 million related to the 7.75 2025 Notes have
been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the Notes. As of February 28, 2023, the total 7.25 2025 Notes outstanding was
 5.0 million. The 7.75 2025 Notes are unlisted and have a par value of 25.00 per note. 

At February 28, 2023,
the total 7.75 2025 Notes outstanding was 5.0 million. 

On December 29, 2020, the Company issued 5.0
million aggregate principal amount of our 6.25 2027 Notes. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million. Interest on the 6.25 
2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 6.25 per year. The 6.25 2027
Notes mature on December 29, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option, on or after
December 29, 2024. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective
and strategies. Financing costs of 0.1 million related to the 6.25 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the
term of the Notes. The 6.25 2027 Notes are unlisted and have a par value of 25.00 per note. 

On January 28, 2021, the Company issued 10.0
million aggregate principal amount of our 6.25 2027 Notes (the Second 6.25 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 9.7 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.3 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million. Interest
on the Second 6.25 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 6.25 per
year. The Second 6.25 2027 Notes mature on January 28, 2027 and commencing January 28, 2023, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any
time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with
our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 0.4 million related to the Second 6.25 2027 Notes have been capitalized
and are being amortized over the term of the Notes. The Second 6.25 2027 Notes are unlisted and have a par value of 25.00 per note. 

At February 28, 2023, the total 6.25 2027 Notes
outstanding was 15.0 million. 

On September 8, 2022, the Company issued 12.0
million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.00 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 11.6 million after deducting customary fees and offering
expenses of approximately 0.4 million. Interest on the 7.00 2025 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31
and November 30, at a rate of 7.00 per year. The 7.00 2025 Notes mature on September 8, 2025 and commencing September 8, 2024, may be
redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general
corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 0.05 million related to the 7.00 2025
Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 7.00 2025 Notes. 

At February 28, 2023, the carrying amount of the
7.00 2025 Notes was 12.0 million. 

68 

Issuer purchases of equity securities 

During the year ended February 28, 2023, February
28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, we purchased 438,192, 99,623 and 190,321 shares, respectfully of our common stock in the open market. 

The following table summarizes the purchased common stock on a month
to month basis for the year ended February 28, 2023: 

Period 
 Quantity 
 
 March 1, 2022 through March 31, 2022 
 33,164 
 
 April 1, 2022 through April 30, 2022 
 16,836 
 
 May 1, 2022 through May 31, 2022 
 92,177 
 
 June 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 
 84,790 
 
 July 1, 2022 through July 31, 2022 
 65,970 
 
 August 1, 2022 through August 31, 2022 
 2,590 
 
 September 1, 2022 through September 31, 2022 
 73,632 
 
 October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 
 20,239 
 
 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 
 200 
 
 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 43,104 
 
 January 1, 2023 through January 31, 2023 
 5,490 
 
 February 1, 2023 through February 28, 2023 
 - 
 
 Total 
 438,192 

[ITEM 6. - Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this Annual Report contain forward-looking
information that involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking
information due to the factors discussed under Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note about Forward-Looking Statements 
appearing elsewhere herein. 

The forward-looking statements are based on our
beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These
beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us or are
within our control. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from
those expressed in our forward-looking statements. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our future operating results; 

the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in the value of our assets; 

the relative and absolute investment performance and operations of our Manager; 

the impact of increased competition; 

our ability to turn potential investment opportunities into transactions and thereafter into completed and successful investments; 

the unfavorable resolution of any future legal proceedings; 

our business prospects and the operational and financial performance of our portfolio companies, including their ability to achieve our respective objectives as a result of the current economic conditions caused by, among other things, the COVID-19 pandemic, elevated levels of inflation, and a rising interest rate environment, and the effects of the disruptions caused thereby on our ability to continue to effectively manage our business; 

the impact of investments that we expect to make and future acquisitions and divestitures; 

69 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

our expected financings and investments; 

our regulatory structure and tax treatment, including our ability to operate as a business development company BDC ), or to operate our small business investment company SBIC subsidiaries, and to continue to qualify to be taxed as a regulated investment company RIC 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of interest rate volatility, including the decommissioning of LIBOR, on our results, particularly because we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

the impact of supply chain constraints and labor difficulties on our portfolio companies and the global economy; 

the elevated level of inflation, and its impact on our portfolio companies and on the industries in which we invest; 

the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to us or our Manager; 

the impact of changes to tax legislation and, generally, our tax position; 

our ability to access capital and any future financings by us; 

the ability of our Manager to attract and retain highly talented professionals; and 

the ability of our Manager to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and effectively administer our investments. 

Such forward-looking statements may include statements
preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include terms such as anticipate, believe, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, project, 
 should, will and would or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

We have based the forward-looking statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we assume no obligation
to update any such forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements,
and future results could differ materially from historical performance. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law or SEC rule or regulation. You
are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

The following analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

70 

Corporate History 

We commenced operations, at the time known as
GSC Investment Corp., on March 23, 2007 and completed an initial public offering of shares of common stock on March 28, 2007. Prior to
July 30, 2010, we were externally managed and advised by GSCP (NJ), L.P., an entity affiliated with GSC Group, Inc. In connection with
the consummation of a recapitalization transaction on July 30, 2010, as described below we engaged Saratoga Investment Advisors to replace
GSCP (NJ), L.P. as our investment adviser and changed our name to Saratoga Investment Corp. 

As a result of the event of default under a revolving
securitized credit facility with Deutsche Bank we previously had in place, in December 2008 we engaged the investment banking firm of
Stifel, Nicolaus Company to evaluate strategic transaction opportunities and consider alternatives for us. On April 14, 2010, GSC
Investment Corp. entered into a stock purchase agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates and an assignment,
assumption and novation agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors, pursuant to which GSC Investment Corp. assumed certain rights and
obligations of Saratoga Investment Advisors under a debt commitment letter Saratoga Investment Advisors received from Madison Capital
Funding LLC, which indicated Madison Capital Funding s willingness to provide GSC Investment Corp. with a 40.0 million senior secured
revolving credit facility, subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions. In addition, GSC Investment Corp. and GSCP (NJ),
L.P. entered into a termination and release agreement, to be effective as of the closing of the transaction contemplated by the stock
purchase agreement, pursuant to which GSCP (NJ), L.P., among other things, agreed to waive any and all accrued and unpaid deferred incentive
management fees up to and as of the closing of the transaction contemplated by the stock purchase agreement but continued to be entitled
to receive the base management fees earned through the date of the closing of the transaction contemplated by the stock purchase agreement. 

On July 30, 2010, the transactions contemplated
by the stock purchase agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates were completed, the private sale of 986,842
shares of our common stock for 15.0 million in aggregate purchase price to Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates
closed, the Company entered into the Madison Credit Facility, and the Company began doing business as Saratoga Investment Corp. 

We used the net proceeds from the private sale
transaction and a portion of the funds available to us under the Madison Credit Facility to pay the full amount of principal and accrued
interest, including default interest, outstanding under our revolving securitized credit facility with Deutsche Bank. The revolving securitized
credit facility with Deutsche Bank was terminated in connection with our payment of all amounts outstanding thereunder on July 30, 2010. 

On August 12, 2010, we effected a one-for-ten
reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock. As a result of the reverse 

stock split, every ten shares of our common stock were converted into
one share of our common stock. Any fractional shares received as a result of the reverse stock split were redeemed for cash. The total
cash payment in lieu of shares was 230. Immediately after the reverse stock split, we had 2,680,842 shares of our common stock outstanding. 

In January 2011, we registered for public resale
of the 986,842 shares of our common stock issued to Saratoga Investment 

Advisors and certain of its affiliates. 

On March 28, 2012, our wholly owned subsidiary,
Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC, LP SBIC LP ), received an SBIC license from the Small Business Administration (the SBA ).
On August 14, 2019, our wholly owned subsidiary, Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC II LP SBIC II LP ), also received an SBIC
license from the SBA. On September 29, 2022, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, SBIC III LP, also received an SBIC license from
the SBA. 

In May 2013, we issued 48.3 million in aggregate
principal amount of our 7.50 fixed-rate unsecured notes due 2020 (the 2020 Notes for net proceeds of 46.1 million after
deducting underwriting commissions of 1.9 million and offering costs of 0.3 million. The proceeds included the underwriters full
exercise of their overallotment option. The 2020 Notes were listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the trading
symbol SAQ with a par value of 25.00 per note. The 2020 Notes were redeemed in full on January 13, 2017 and are no longer
listed on the NYSE. 

On September 24, 2014, the Company announced the approval of an open
market share repurchase plan that allowed it to repurchase up to 200,000 shares of its common stock at prices below its NAV as reported
in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements (the Share Repurchase Plan ). On October 7, 2015, our
board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year and increased the number of shares the Company was permitted to
repurchase at prices below its NAV, as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements, to 400,000 shares
of its common stock. On October 5, 2016, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year to October 15, 2017
and increased the number of shares the Company was permitted to repurchase at prices below its NAV, as reported in its then most recently
published consolidated financial statements, to 600,000 shares of its common stock. On October 10, 2017, January 8, 2019 and January 7,
2020, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year to October 15, 2018, January 15, 2020 and January 15,
2021, respectively, each time leaving the number of shares the Company was permitted to repurchase unchanged at 600,000 shares of its
common stock. On May 4, 2020, our board of directors increased the Share Repurchase Plan to permit the Company to repurchase 1.3 million
shares of its common stock. On January 5, 2021, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year to January
15, 2022, leaving the number of shares the Company was permitted to repurchase unchanged at 1.3 million shares of common stock. On January
4, 2022, our board of directors extended the Shares Repurchase Plan for another year to January 15, 2023, leaving the number of shares
the Company is permitted to repurchase unchanged at 1.3 million shares of common stock. As of February 28, 2023, the Company purchased
946,627 shares of common stock, at the average price of 21.83 for approximately 20.7 million pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan.
During the three months ended February 28, 2023 the Company purchased 48,594 shares of common stock, at the average price 25.19 for approximately
 1.2 million pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan. During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company purchased 438,192 shares of common
stock, at the average price 24.70 for approximately 10.8 million pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan 

71 

On May 29, 2015, we entered into a Debt Distribution
Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. through which we may offer for sale, from time to time, up to 20.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of the 2020 Notes through an At-the-Market ATM offering. Prior to the 2020 Notes being redeemed in full, the Company
sold 539,725 units of the 2022 Notes with a principal of 13.5 million at an average price of 25.31 for aggregate net proceeds of 13.4
million (net of transaction costs). 

On December 21, 2016, we issued 74.5 million
in aggregate principal amount of our 6.75 fixed-rate unsecured notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes for net proceeds of 71.7
million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 2.3 million and offering costs of approximately 0.5 million. The issuance
included the exercise of substantially all of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 9.8 million aggregate principal
amount of 2023 Notes within 30 days. The 2023 Notes were listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAB with a par value
of 25.00 per note. On December 21, 2019 and February 7, 2020, the Company redeemed 50.0 million and 24.45 million, respectively, in
aggregate principal amount of the 74.45 million in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 2023 Notes and are no longer
listed on the NYSE. 

On March 16, 2017, we entered into an equity distribution agreement
with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., through which we may offer for sale, from time to time, up to 30.0 million of our common stock
through an ATM offering. Subsequent to this, we amended our equity distribution agreement to add BB T Capital Markets and B. Riley
FBR, Inc. as sales agents in our ATM offering. On July 11, 2019, the amount of the common stock to be offered through this offering was
increased to 70.0 million, and on October 8, 2019, the amount of the common stock to be offered was increased to 130.0 million. As of
February 28, 2021, we sold 3,922,018 shares for gross proceeds of 97.1 million at an average price of 24.77 for aggregate net proceeds
of 95.9 million (net of transaction costs). This equity distribution agreement was terminated as of July 29, 2021 and, as of that date,
we sold 3,922,018 shares for gross proceeds of 97.1 million at an average price of 24.77 for aggregate net proceeds of 95.9 million
(net of transaction costs). 

On July 13, 2018, the Company issued 1,150,000
shares of its common stock priced at 25.00 per share (par value 0.001 per share) at an aggregate total of 28.75 million. The net proceeds,
after deducting underwriting commissions of 1.15 million and offering costs of approximately 0.2 million, amounted to approximately
 27.4 million. The Company also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 172,500 shares of its common
stock, which was not exercised. 

On August 28, 2018, the Company issued 40.0 million
in aggregate principal amount of our 6.25 fixed-rate notes due 2025 (the 6.25 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 38.7 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.3 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.3 million. The issuance
included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 5.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.25 
2025 Notes within 30 days. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment
objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.6 million related to the 6.25 2025 Notes have been capitalized and were amortized over
the term of the 6.25 2025 Notes. 

On December 14, 2018, the Company completed
the third refinancing of the Saratoga CLO (the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes ). This refinancing, among other things,
extended the Saratoga CLO reinvestment period to January 2021, and extended its legal maturity to January 2030. A non-call period of January
2020 was also added. In addition to and as part of the refinancing, the Saratoga CLO has also been upsized from 300 million in assets
to approximately 500 million. As part of this refinancing and upsizing, the Company invested an additional 13.8 million in all of the
newly issued subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO, and purchased 2.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-2 Notes
tranche and 7.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Class G-R-2 Notes tranche at par. Concurrently, the existing 4.5 million
of Class F notes and 20.0 million CLO 2013-1 Warehouse Loan were repaid. 

72 

On February 5, 2019, the Company completed a re-opening
and up-sizing of its existing 6.25 2025 Notes by issuing an additional 20.0 million in aggregate principal amount for net proceeds of
 19.2 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.6 million and discount of 0.2 million. Offering costs incurred
were approximately 0.2 million. The issuance included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 2.5
million aggregate principal amount of 6.25 2025 Notes within 30 days. Interest rate, interest payment dates and maturity remain unchanged
from the existing 6.25 2025 Notes issued in August 2018. The net proceeds from this offering were used for general corporate purposes
in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. The financing costs and discount of 1.0 million related to the 6.25 2025
Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 6.25 2025 Notes. 

On August 31, 2021, the Company redeemed 60.0
million in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 6.25 2025 Notes at par 25 per note) and the 6.25 2025 Notes are no
longer listed on the NYSE. 

On August 14, 2019, our wholly owned subsidiary,
Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC II LP SBIC II LP ), also received an SBIC license from the SBA. SBIC II LP s SBIC license
provides up to 175.0 million in additional long-term capital in the form of SBA debentures. 

On June 24, 2020, the Company issued 37.5 million
aggregate principal amount of our 7.25 fixed-rate notes due 2025 (the 7.25 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 36.3 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.2 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.3 million. On July
6, 2020, the underwriters exercised their option in full to purchase an additional 5.625 million in aggregate principal amount of its
7.25 2025 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 5.4 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.2 million.
The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies.
Financing costs of 1.6 million related to the 7.25 2025 Notes have been capitalized and were amortized over the term of the 7.25 2025
Notes. On July 14, 2022, the 7.25 2025 Notes were redeemed and are no longer listed on the NYSE. 

On July 9, 2020, the Company issued 5.0 million
aggregate principal amount of our 7.75 fixed-rate notes due in 2025 (the 7.75 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 4.8 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.2 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million. Interest
on the 7.75 2025 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 7.75 per year. The
7.75 2025 Notes mature on July 9, 2025 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option, subject
to a fee depending on the date of repayment. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance
with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 0.3 million related to the 7.75 2025 Notes have been capitalized and
are being amortized over the term of the Notes. As of February 28, 2023, the total 7.75 2025 Notes outstanding was 5.0 million. The
7.75 2025 Notes are not listed and have a par value of 25.00 per note. 

On December 29, 2020, the Company issued 5.0
million aggregate principal amount of our 6.25 fixed-rate Notes due in 2027 (the 6.25 2027 Notes ). Offering costs
incurred were approximately 0.1 million. Interest on the 6.25 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28,
May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 6.25 per year, beginning February 28, 2021. The 6.25 2027 Notes mature on
December 29, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option, on or after December 29, 2024.
The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies.
Financing costs of 0.1 million related to the 6.25 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the
Notes. The 6.25 2027 Notes are not listed and have a par value of 25.00 per note. 

On January 28, 2021, the Company issued 10.0
million aggregate principal amount of our 6.25 fixed rate Notes due in 2027 (the Second 6.25 2027 Notes for net proceeds
of 9.7 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.3 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1
million. Interest on the Second 6.25 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a
rate of 6.25 per year, beginning February 28, 2021. The Second 6.25 2027 Notes mature on January 28, 2027 and commencing January 28,
2023, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used
for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 0.4 million related to
the Second 6.25 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the Notes. The Second 6.25 2027 Notes are
not listed and have a par value of 25.00 per note. 

On February 26, 2021, the Company completed the
fourth refinancing of the Saratoga CLO. This refinancing, among other things, extended the Saratoga CLO reinvestment period to April 2024,
and extended its legal maturity to April 2033. A non-call period ending February 2022 was also added. In addition, and as part of the
refinancing, the Saratoga CLO has also been upsized from 500 million in assets to approximately 650 million. As part of this refinancing
and upsizing, the Company invested an additional 14.0 million in all of the newly issued subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO, and
purchased 17.9 million in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-3 Notes tranche at par. Concurrently, the existing 2.5 million
of Class F-R-2 Notes, 7.5 million of Class G-R-2 Notes and 25.0 million CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan were repaid. The Company also paid
 2.6 million of transaction costs related to the refinancing and upsizing on behalf of the Saratoga CLO, to be reimbursed from future
equity distributions. At August 31, 2021, the outstanding receivable of 2.6 million was repaid. 

73 

On March 10, 2021, the Company issued 50.0 million
aggregate principal amount of our 4.375 fixed-rate Notes due in 2026 (the 4.375 2026 Notes for net proceeds of 49.0
million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.0 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.3 million. Interest
on the4.375 2026 Notes is paid semi-annually in arrears on February 28 and August 28, at a rate of 4.375 per year, beginning August
28, 2021. The 4.375 2026 Notes mature on February 28, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time on or after November 28,
2025 at par plus a make-whole premium, and thereafter at par. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate
purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.3 million related to the 4.375 2026 Notes
have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the Notes. 

On July 15, 2021, the Company issued an additional
 125.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Company s 4.375 2026 Notes (the Additional 4.375 2026 Notes for
net proceeds for approximately 123.5 million, based on the public offering price of 101.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the
Additional 4.375 2026 Notes, after deducting the underwriting discount of 2.5 million and the offering expenses of approximately 0.2
million payable by the Company. The net proceeds from the offering were used redeem all of the outstanding 6.25 2025 Notes (as described
above), and for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. The Additional 4.375 2026 Notes
were treated as a single series with the existing 4.375 2026 Notes under the indenture and had the same terms as the existing 4.375 
2026 Notes. 

On July 30, 2021, we entered into an equity distribution agreement
with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. and Compass Point Research and Trading, LLC, each as agents (the Agents ), through
which we may offer for sale, from time to time, up to 150.0 million of our common stock through the Agents, or to them, as principal
for their account. As February 28, 2023, the Company sold 4,840,361 shares for gross proceeds of 123.9 million at an average price of
 25.61 for aggregate net proceeds of 122.4 million (net of transaction costs). For the year ended February 28, 2023, there was no activity
related to the ATM offerings 

On August 9, 2021, the Company exchanged its existing 17.9 million
Class F-R-3 Notes for 8.5 million Class F-1-R-3 Notes and 9.4 million Class F-2-R-3 Notes at par. On August 11, 2021, the Company sold
its Class F-1-R-3 Notes to third parties, resulting in a realized loss of 0.1 million. 

The Company has formed a wholly owned special
purpose entity, Saratoga Investment Funding II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SIF II ), for the purpose of entering
into a 50.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with Encina Lender Finance, LLC (the Lender ), supported by
loans held by SIF II and pledged to the Lender under the credit facility (the Encina Credit Facility). The Encina Credit Facility
closed on October 4, 2021. During the first two years following the closing date, SIF II may request an increase in the commitment amount
under the Encina Credit Facility to up to 75.0 million. The terms of the Encina Credit Facility require a minimum drawn amount of 12.5
million at all times during the first six months following the closing date, which increases to the greater of 25.0 million or 50 of
the commitment amount in effect at any time thereafter. The term of the Encina Credit Facility is three years. Advances under the Encina
Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus 4.0 , with LIBOR having a floor of 0.75 , with customary
provisions related to the selection by the Lender and the Company of a replacement benchmark rate. Concurrently with the closing of the
Encina Credit Facility, all remaining amounts outstanding on the Company s existing revolving credit facility with Madison Capital
Funding, LLC were repaid and the facility terminated. On January 27, 2023, among other things, the borrowings available under the Encina
Credit Facility was increased from up to 50.0 million to up to 65.0 million, the underlying benchmark rate used to compute interest
changed from LIBOR to Term SOFR for one-month tenor plus a 0.10 credit spread adjustment; the applicable effective margin rate on borrowings
increased from 4.00 to 4.25 and the maturity date was extended from October 4, 2024 to January 27, 2026. 

On October 26, 2021, the Company and TJHA JV I
LLC TJHA entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement to co-manage Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV LLC SLF
JV ). SLF JV is invested in Saratoga Investment Corp Senior Loan Fund 2021-1 Ltd SLF 2021 ), which is a wholly owned
subsidiary of SLF JV. SLF 2021 was formed for the purpose of making investments in a diversified portfolio of broadly syndicated first
lien and second lien term loans or bonds in the primary and secondary markets. 

On September 30, 2022, SLF 2021 was renamed to
Saratoga Investment Corp Senior Loan Fund 2022-1, Ltd. SLF 2022 ). 

The Company and TJHA have equal voting interest
on all material decisions with respect to SLF JV, including those involving its investment portfolio, and equal control of corporate governance.
No management fee is charged to SLF JV as control and management of SLF JV is shared equally. 

74 

The Company and TJHA have committed to provide
up to a combined 50.0 million of financing to SLF JV through cash contributions, with the Company providing 43.75 million and TJHA providing
 6.25 million, resulting in an 87.5 and 12.5 ownership between the two parties. The financing is issued in the form of an unsecured
note and equity. The unsecured note will pay a fixed rate of 10.0 per annum and is due and payable in full on June 15, 2023. As of February
28, 2023, the Company and TJHA s investment in SLF JV consisted of an unsecured note of 17.6 million and 2.5 million, respectively;
and membership interest of 17.6 million and 2.5 million, respectively. As of February 28, 2022, the Company and TJHA s investment
in SLF JV consisted of an unsecured note of 13.1 million and 1.9 million, respectively; and membership interest of 13.1 million and
 1.9 million, respectively. As of February 28, 2023, and February 28, 2022, the Company s investment in the unsecured note of SLF
JV had a fair value of 17.6 million and 13.1 million, respectively, and the Company s investment in the membership interests of
SLF JV had a fair value of 13.1 million and 12.0 million, respectively. 

For the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022,
the Company earned approximately 1.5 million and 0.1 million of interest income, respectively, related to SLF JV, which is included in
interest income. As of February 28, 2023 and 2022, approximately 0.04 million and 0.1 million, respectively, of interest income
related to SLF JV was included in interest receivable. 

SLF JV s initial investment in SLF 2022 was in the form of an
unsecured loan. The unsecured note paid a fixed rate of 10.00 per annum and is due and payable in full on June 15, 2023. The unsecured
loan was repaid in full on October 28, 2022, as part of the CLO closing. 

The Company has determined that SLF JV is an investment
company under FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment
Companies ; however, in accordance with such guidance the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other
than a wholly owned investment company subsidiary. SLF JV is not a wholly owned investment company subsidiary as the Company and TJHA
each have an equal 50 voting interest in SLF JV and thus neither party has a controlling financial interest. Furthermore, ASC Topic810,
 Consolidation , concludes that in a joint venture where both members have equal decision making authority, it is not appropriate
for one member to consolidate the joint venture since neither has control. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate SLF JV. 

On January 19, 2022, the Company issued 75.0
million aggregate principal amount of our 4.35 fixed-rate Notes due in 2027 (the 4.35 2027 Notes for net proceeds of
 73.0 million, based on the public offering price of 99.317 of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.35 2027 Notes, after deducting
the underwriting commissions of approximately 1.5 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.3 million. Interest
on the 4.35 2027 Notes is paid semi-annually in arrears on February 28 and August 28, at a rate of 4.35 per year, beginning August
28, 2022. The 4.35 2027 Notes mature on February 28, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any
time prior to November 28, 2026, at par plus a make-whole premium, and thereafter at par. The net proceeds from the offering
were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.8 million
related to the 4.35 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the Notes. 

On April 27, 2022, the Company issued 87.5 million
aggregate principal amount of our 6.00 fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 6.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 84.8 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 2.7 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million. On May
10, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional 10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the
6.00 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 9.7 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.3 million.
Interest on the 6.00 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 6.00 per
year. The 6.00 2027 Notes mature on April 30, 2027 and commencing April 27, 2024, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or
from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment
objective and strategies. Financing costs of 3.5 million related to the 6.00 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized
over the term of the 6.00 2027 Notes. The 6.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAT with a par
value of 25.00 per note. 

On August 15, 2022, the Company issued an additional
 8.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes (the Additional 6.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of
 7.8 million, based on the public offering price of 97.80 of the aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes. The Additional 6.00 
2027 Notes are treated as a single series with the existing 6.00 2027 Notes under the indenture and had the same terms as the existing
6.00 2027 Notes. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective
and strategies. Additional offering costs incurred were approximately 0.2 million. Additional financing costs of 0.2 million related
to the 6.00 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 6.00 2027 Notes. 

75 

On September 8, 2022, the Company issued 12.0
million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.00 fixed-rate notes due 2025 (the 7.00 2025 Notes for net proceeds of
 11.6 million after deducting customary fees and offering expenses of approximately 0.4 million. Interest on the 7.00 2025 Notes is
paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 7.00 per year. The 7.00 2025 Notes mature
on September 8, 2025 and commencing September 8, 2024, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option.
We expect to use the net proceeds from this offering to make investments in middle-market companies (including investments made through
our SBIC subsidiaries) in accordance with our investment objective and strategies and for general corporate purposes. Financing costs
of 0.05 million related to the 7.00 2025 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 7.00 2025 Notes. 

On September 29, 2022, the Company s wholly
owned subsidiary, SBIC III LP, also received an SBIC license from the SBA. SBIC III LP s SBIC license provides up to 175.0 million
in additional long-term capital in the form of SBA debentures. 

On October 27, 2022, the Company issued 40.0
million in aggregate principal amount of our 8.00 fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 8.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of
 38.7 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.3 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.2
million. On November 10, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional 6.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of the 8.00 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 5.8 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 0.2 million. Interest on the 8.00 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate
of 8.00 per year, beginning February 28, 2023. The 8.00 2027 Notes mature on October 31, 2027 and commencing October 27, 2024, may be
redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general
corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.7 million related to the 8.00 2027
Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 8.00 2027 Notes. The 8.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE
under the trading symbol SAJ with a par value of 25.00 per note. 

On October 28, 2022, SLF 2022 issued 402.1 million
of debt through the JV CLO trust. The 2022 JV CLO Notes were issued pursuant to the JV Indenture, with the Trustee. As part of the transaction,
the Company purchased 87.50 of the Class E Notes from SLF 2022 with a par value of 12.25 million. As of February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the fair value of these Class E Notes were 11.4 million and 0.0 million, respectively. 

On December 13, 2022, the Company issued 52.5
million in aggregate principal amount of our 8.125 fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 8.125 2027 Notes for net proceeds of
 50.8 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.6 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1
million. On December 21, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their option to purchase an additional 7.875 million in aggregate principal
amount of the 8.125 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 7.6 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 0.2 million. Interest on the 8.125 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate
of 8.125 per year, beginning February 28, 2023. The 8.125 2027 Notes mature on December 31, 2027 and commencing December 13, 2024, may
be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from this offering were used to make
investments in middle-market companies (including investments made through our SBIC subsidiaries) in accordance with our investment objective
and strategies and for general corporate purposes. Financing costs of 2.0 million related to the 8.125 2027 Notes have been capitalized
and are being amortized over the term of the 8.125 2027 Notes. The 8.125 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol
 SAY with a par value of 25.00 per note. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Basis of Presentation 

The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions
affecting amounts reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements. We have identified investment valuation, revenue
recognition and the recognition of capital gains incentive fee expense as our most critical accounting estimates. We continuously evaluate
our estimates, including those related to the matters described below. These estimates are based on the information that is currently
available to us and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ
materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates
follows. 

76 

Investment Valuation 

The Company accounts for its investments at fair
value in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 ).
ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the quality
of inputs used to measure fair value and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. ASC 820 requires the Company to
assume that its investments are to be sold or its liabilities are to be transferred at the balance sheet date in the principal market
to independent market participants, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical
market. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable,
and willing and able to transact. 

Investments for which market quotations are readily
available are fair valued at such market quotations obtained from independent third-party pricing services and market makers subject to
any decision by our board of directors to approve a fair value determination to reflect significant events affecting the value of these
investments. We value investments for which market quotations are not readily available at fair value as approved, in good faith, by our
board of directors based on input from Saratoga Investment Advisors, the audit committee of our board of directors and a third party independent
valuation firm. We use multiple techniques for determining fair value based on the nature of the investment and experience with those
types of investments and specific portfolio companies. The selections of the valuation techniques and the inputs and assumptions used
within those techniques often require subjective judgements and estimates. These techniques include market comparables, discounted cash
flows and enterprise value waterfalls. Fair value is best expressed as a range of values from which the Company determines a single best
estimate. The types of inputs and assumptions that may be considered in determining the range of values of our investments include the
nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, market yield trend analysis and
volatility in future interest rates, call and put features, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly
traded companies, discounted cash flows and other relevant factors. 

We undertake a multi-step valuation process each
quarter when valuing investments for which market quotations are not readily available, as described below: 

Each investment is initially valued by the responsible investment professionals of Saratoga Investment Advisors and preliminary valuation conclusions are documented and discussed with our senior management; and 

An independent valuation firm engaged by our board of directors independently reviews a selection of these preliminary valuations each quarter so that the valuation of each investment for which market quotes are not readily available is reviewed by the independent valuation firm at least once each fiscal year. We use a third-party independent valuation firm to value our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO and the Class F-2-R-3 Notes tranche of the Saratoga CLO every quarter. 

In addition, all our investments are subject to the following
valuation process: 

The audit committee of our board of directors reviews and approves each preliminary valuation and Saratoga Investment Advisors and an independent valuation firm (if applicable) will supplement the preliminary valuation to reflect any comments provided by the audit committee; and 

Our board of directors discusses the valuations and approves the fair value of each investment, in good faith, based on the input of Saratoga Investment Advisors, independent valuation firm (to the extent applicable) and the audit committee of our board of directors. 

Our investment in Saratoga CLO is carried at fair
value, which is based on a discounted cash flows that utilizes prepayment, re-investment and loss assumptions based on historical experience
and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics of the underlying cash flow, and market comparables for equity interests
in collateralized loan obligation funds similar to Saratoga CLO, when available, as determined by Saratoga Investment Advisors and recommended
to our board of directors. Specifically, we use Intex cash flows, or an appropriate substitute, to form the basis for the valuation of
our investment in Saratoga CLO. The cash flows use a set of inputs including projected default rates, recovery rates, reinvestment rates
and prepayment rates in order to arrive at estimated valuations. The inputs are based on available market data and projections provided
by third parties as well as management estimates. We use the output from the Intex models (i.e., the estimated cash flows) to perform
a discounted cash flow analysis on expected future cash flows to determine a valuation for our investment in Saratoga CLO. 

77 

In December 2020, the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC adopted new Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act Rule 2a-5 that establishes a regulatory framework
for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Rule 2a-5 permits boards, subject to board oversight and certain
other conditions, to designate the investment adviser to perform fair value determinations. Rule 2a-5 also defines when market quotations
are readily available for purposes of the 1940 Act and the threshold for determining whether a fund must determine the fair
value of a security. The SEC also adopted new Rule 31a-4 under the 1940 Act Rule 31a-4 ), that provides the recordkeeping
requirements associated with fair value determinations. Finally, the SEC rescinded previously issued guidance on related issues, including
the role of the board in determining fair value and the accounting and auditing of fund investments. Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4 became effective
on March 8, 2021, and had a compliance date of September 8, 2022. While our board of directors has not elected to designate Saratoga Investment
Advisors as the valuation designee, the Company has adopted certain revisions to its valuation policies and procedures in order comply
with the applicable requirements of Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4. 

Revenue Recognition 

Income Recognition 

Interest income, adjusted for amortization of
premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company
stops accruing interest on its investments when it is determined that interest is no longer collectible. Discounts and premiums on investments
purchased are accreted/amortized over the life of the respective investment using the effective yield method. The amortized cost of investments
represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on investments. 

Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status
when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest is generally reserved when a loan is placed
on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as a reduction in principal depending upon management s
judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and,
in management s judgment, are likely to remain current, although we may make exceptions to this general rule if the loan has sufficient
collateral value and is in the process of collection. 

Payment-in-Kind Interest 

The Company holds debt and preferred equity investments
in its portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind PIK interest provision. The PIK interest, which represents contractually
deferred interest added to the investment balance that is generally due at maturity, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the
extent such amounts are expected to be collected. We stop accruing PIK interest if we do not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal
and interest when due. 

Revenues 

We generate revenue in the form of interest
income and capital gains on the debt investments that we hold and capital gains, if any, on equity interests that we may acquire. We
expect our debt investments, whether in the form of leveraged loans or mezzanine debt, to have terms of up to ten years, and to bear
interest at either a fixed or floating rate. Interest on debt will be payable generally either quarterly or semi-annually. In some
cases, our debt or preferred equity investments may provide for a portion or all of the interest to be PIK. To the extent interest
is PIK, it will be payable through the increase of the principal amount of the obligation by the amount of interest due on the
then-outstanding aggregate principal amount of such obligation. The principal amount of the debt and any accrued but unpaid interest
will generally become due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination,
structuring, amendment, redemption or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance or investment management services and
possibly consulting fees. Any such fees will be generated in connection with our investments and recognized as earned. We may also
invest in preferred equity or common equity securities that pay dividends on a current basis. 

On January 22, 2008, we entered into a collateral
management agreement with Saratoga CLO, pursuant to which we act as its collateral manager. The Saratoga CLO was initially refinanced
in October 2013 with its reinvestment period extended to October 2016. On November 15, 2016, we completed a second refinancing of the
Saratoga CLO with its reinvestment period extended to October 2018. 

78 

On December 14, 2018, we completed a third refinancing
and upsize of the Saratoga CLO. The third Saratoga CLO refinancing, among other things, extended its reinvestment period to January 2021,
and extended its legal maturity date to January 2030. A non-call period of January 2020 was also added. Following this refinancing, the
Saratoga CLO portfolio increased from approximately 300.0 million in aggregate principal amount to approximately 500.0 million of predominantly
senior secured first lien term loans. In addition to refinancing its liabilities, we invested an additional 13.8 million in all of the
newly issued subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO and also purchased 2.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-2 and
 7.5 million aggregate principal amount of the Class G-R-2 notes tranches at par, with a coupon of 3M USD LIBOR plus 8.75 and 3M USD
LIBOR plus 10.00 , respectively. As part of this refinancing, we also redeemed our existing 4.5 million aggregate amount of the Class
F notes tranche at par and the 20.0 million CLO 2013-1 Warehouse Loan was repaid. 

On February 11, 2020, we entered into an unsecured
loan agreement CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan with Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2, Ltd CLO 2013-1
Warehouse 2 ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Saratoga CLO, pursuant to which CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 may borrow from time
to time up to 20.0 million from the Company in order to provide capital necessary to support warehouse activities. On October 23,
2020, the availability under the CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan was increased to 25.0 million, which was immediately fully drawn and, which
expires on August 20, 2021. The interest rate was also amended to be based on a pricing grid, starting at an annual rate of 3M USD LIBOR
+ 4.46 . During the fourth quarter ended February 28, 2021, the CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Ltd was repaid in full. 

On February 26, 2021, the Company completed the
fourth refinancing of the Saratoga CLO. This refinancing, among other things, extended the Saratoga CLO reinvestment period to April 2024,
and extended its legal maturity to April 2033. A non-call period ended February 2022 was also added. In addition, and as part of
the refinancing, the Saratoga CLO has also been upsized from 500 million in assets to approximately 650 million. As part of
this refinancing and upsizing, the Company invested an additional 14.0 million in all of the newly issued subordinated notes of
the Saratoga CLO, and purchased 17.9 million in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-3 Notes tranche at par.
Concurrently, the existing 2.5 million of Class F-R-2 Notes, 7.5 million of Class G-R-2 Notes and 25.0 million of the
CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan were repaid. The Company also paid 2.6 million of transaction costs related to the refinancing
and upsizing on behalf of the Saratoga CLO, to be reimbursed from future equity distributions. At August 31, 2021, the outstanding receivable
of 2.6 million was repaid in full. 

On August 9, 2021, the Company exchanged its existing 17.9 million
Class F-R-3 Notes for 8.5 million Class F-1-R-3 Notes and 9.4 million Class F-2-R-3 Notes at par. On August 11, 2021, the Company sold
its Class F-1-R-3 Notes to third parties, resulting in a realized loss of 0.1 million. 

The Saratoga CLO remains effectively 100 owned
and managed by Saratoga Investment Corp. We receive a base management fee of 0.10 per annum and a subordinated management fee of 0.40 
per annum of the outstanding principal amount of Saratoga CLO s assets, paid quarterly to the extent of available proceeds. Prior
to the second refinancing and the issuance of the 2013-1 Amended CLO Notes, we received a base management fee of 0.25 per annum and a
subordinated management fee of 0.25 per annum of the outstanding principal amount of Saratoga CLO s assets, paid quarterly to the
extent of available proceeds. 

Following the third refinancing and the issuance
of the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes on December 14, 2018, we are no longer entitled to an incentive management fee equal to 20.0 of excess
cash flow to the extent the Saratoga CLO subordinated notes receive an internal rate of return paid in cash equal to or greater than 12.0 . 

Interest income on our investment in Saratoga
CLO is recorded using the effective interest method in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 325-40, Investments-Other, Beneficial
Interests in Securitized Financial Assets ASC 325-40 ), based on the anticipated yield and the estimated cash flows over
the projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual or estimated cash flows due to changes in prepayments
and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes in estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield
over the remaining life of the investment from the date the estimated yield was changed. 

Expenses 

Our primary operating expenses include the payment
of investment advisory and management fees, professional fees, directors and officers insurance, fees paid to directors who are not interested
persons (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of the Company independent directors and administrator
expenses, including our allocable portion of our administrator s overhead. Our investment advisory and management fees compensate
our Manager for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other costs and
expenses of our operations and transactions, including those relating to: 

organization; 

calculating our net asset value NAV (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

79 

expenses incurred by our Manager payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in monitoring our financial and legal affairs and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies; 

expenses incurred by our Manager payable for travel and due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; 

offerings of our common stock and other securities; 

investment advisory and management fees; 

fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

federal and state registration fees; 

all costs of registration and listing our common stock on any securities exchange; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by
 governmental bodies (including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and the SBA); 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to common stockholders including printing costs; 

our fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and 

administration fees and all other expenses incurred by us or, if applicable, the administrator in connection with administering our business (including payments under the Administration Agreement based upon our allocable portion of the administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under an Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our officers and their respective staffs (including travel expenses)). 

80 

Pursuant to the investment advisory and management
agreement that we had with GSCP (NJ), L.P., our former investment adviser and administrator, we had agreed to pay GSCP (NJ), L.P. as investment
adviser a quarterly base management fee of 1.75 of the average value of our total assets (other than cash or cash equivalents but including
assets purchased with borrowed funds) at the end of the two most recently completed fiscal quarters and an incentive fee. 

The incentive fee had two parts: 

A fee, payable quarterly in arrears, equal to 20.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, that exceeded a 1.875 quarterly hurdle rate measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Under this provision, in any fiscal quarter, our investment adviser received no incentive fee unless our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeded the hurdle rate of 1.875 . Amounts received as a return of capital were not included in calculating this portion of the incentive fee. Since the hurdle rate was based on net assets, a return of less than the hurdle rate on total assets could still have resulted in an incentive fee. 

A fee, payable at the end of each fiscal year, equal to 20.0 of our net realized capital gains, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation, in each case on a cumulative basis on each investment in the Company s portfolio, less the aggregate amount of capital gains incentive fees paid to the investment adviser through such date. 

We deferred cash payment of any incentive fee
otherwise earned by our former investment adviser if, during the then most recent four full fiscal quarters ending on or prior to the
date such payment was to be made, the sum of (a) our aggregate distributions to our stockholders and (b) our change in net assets (defined
as total assets less liabilities) (before taking into account any incentive fees payable during that period) was less than 7.5 of our
net assets at the beginning of such period. These calculations were appropriately pro-rated for the first three fiscal quarters of operation
and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the applicable period. Such incentive fee would become payable on the next
date on which such test had been satisfied for the most recent four full fiscal quarters or upon certain terminations of the investment
advisory and management agreement. We commenced deferring cash payment of incentive fees during the quarterly period ended August 31,
2007 and continued to defer such payments through the quarterly period ended May 31, 2010. As of July 30, 2010, the date on which GSCP
(NJ), L.P. ceased to be our investment adviser and administrator, we owed GSCP (NJ), L.P. 2.9 million in fees for services previously
provided to us; of which 0.3 million has been paid by us. GSCP (NJ), L.P. agreed to waive payment by us of the remaining 2.6 million
in connection with the consummation of the stock purchase transaction with Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates
described elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

The terms of the investment advisory and management
agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors, our current investment adviser, are substantially similar to the terms of the investment
advisory and management agreement we had entered into with GSCP (NJ), L.P., our former investment adviser, except for the following material
distinctions in the fee terms: 

The capital gains portion of the incentive fee was reset with respect to gains and losses from May 31, 2010, and therefore losses and gains incurred prior to such time will not be taken into account when calculating the capital gains fee payable to Saratoga Investment Advisors and, as a result, Saratoga Investment Advisors will be entitled to 20.0 of net gains that arise after May 31, 2010. In addition, the cost basis for computing realized gains and losses on investments held by us as of May 31, 2010 equal the fair value of such investment as of such date. Under the investment advisory and management agreement with our former investment adviser, GSCP (NJ), L.P., the capital gains fee was calculated from March 21, 2007, and the gains were substantially outweighed by losses. 

Under the catch up provision, 100.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income that exceeds 1.875 but is less than or equal to 2.344 in any fiscal quarter is payable to Saratoga Investment Advisors. This will enable Saratoga Investment Advisors to receive 20.0 of all net investment income as such amount approaches 2.344 in any quarter, and Saratoga Investment Advisors will receive 20.0 of any additional net investment income. Under the investment advisory and management agreement with our former investment adviser, GSCP (NJ), L.P. only received 20.0 of the excess net investment income over 1.875 . 

We will no longer have deferral rights regarding incentive fees in the event that the distributions to stockholders and change in net assets is less than 7.5 for the preceding four fiscal quarters. 

Capital Gains Incentive Fee 

The Company records an expense accrual relating
to the capital gains incentive fee payable by the Company to its Manager when the unrealized gains on its investments exceed all realized
capital losses on its investments given the fact that a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Manager if the Company were to
liquidate its investment portfolio at such time. The actual incentive fee payable to the Company s Manager related to capital gains
will be determined and payable in arrears at the end of each fiscal year and will include only realized capital gains for the period. 

81 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (Topic
820), which clarifies that a contractual sale restriction prohibiting the sale of an equity security is a characteristic of the
reporting entity holding the equity security and is not included in the equity security s unit of account. Accordingly, an entity
should not consider the contractual sale restriction when measuring the equity security s fair value. In addition, ASU No. 2022-03
prohibits an entity from recognizing a contractual sale restriction as a separate unit of account. ASU No. 2022-03 s amendments
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2022-03 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2020, the FASB issued Reference
Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 to provide optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial
reporting. ASU 2020-04 established Topic 848 to provide relief during the temporary transition period and includes a sunset provision
based on expectations of when the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR would cease being published. In December 2022, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 , which deferred the sunset
day of this guidance to December 31, 2024. With the adoption of ASU 2022-06, there was no significant impact to the Company s consolidated
financial position. 

Portfolio and investment activity 

Investment Portfolio
Overview 

February 28, 
2023 
 
 February 28, 
2022 
 
 February 28, 
2021 

in millions) 

Number of investments(1) 
 115 
 94 
 81 
 
 Number of portfolio companies(2) 
 49 
 45 
 40 
 
 Average investment per portfolio company(2) 
 19.0 
 17.3 
 12.6 
 
 Average investment size(1) 
 8.3 
 8.4 
 6.5 
 
 Weighted average maturity(3) 
 2.9 yrs 
 2.9
yrs 
 3.2
yrs 
 
 Number of industries(5) 
 40 
 38 
 31 
 
 Non-performing or delinquent investments (fair value) 
 9.8 
 - 
 2.1 
 
 Fixed rate debt of interest earning portfolio)(3) 
 8.2(1.0 
 16.9(2.5 
 23.3(4.8 
 
 Fixed rate debt (weighted average current coupon)(3) 
 12.2 
 10.0 
 9.8 
 
 Floating rate debt of interest earning portfolio)(3) 
 817.1(99.0 
 671.2(97.5 
 462.6(95.2 
 
 Floating rate debt (weighted average current spread over LIBOR)(3)(4) 
 7.0 
 7.1 
 7.4 

(1) 
 Excludes our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO. 

(2) 
 At February 28, 2023, excludes our investment in the subordinated notes
of Saratoga CLO and Class F-2-R-3 Notes tranche, as well as the unsecured notes and equity interests in the SLF JV and the Class E Note
tranche of the SLF 2022. At February 28, 2022, excludes our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO, Class F-2-R-3 Notes
tranche, as well as the unsecured notes and equity interests in the SLF JV. At February 28, 2021, excludes our investment in the subordinated
notes of Saratoga CLO and Class F-R-3 Note tranche of Saratoga CLO. 

(3) 
 Excludes our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO and equity interests, as well as the unsecured notes and equity interests in SLF JV and the Class E Note tranche of the SLF 2022. 

(4) 
 Calculation uses either 1-month or 3-month LIBOR, depending on the contractual terms, and after factoring in any existing LIBOR floors. 

(5) 
 Our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO and Class F-R-3 Note tranche, as well as the unsecured notes and equity interests in the SLF JV and the Class E note tranche of the SLF 2022 are included in Structured Finance Securities industry. 

82 

During the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023,
we invested 385.1 million in new and existing portfolio companies and had 222.2 million in aggregate amount of exits and repayments
resulting in net investments of 162.9 million for the year. 

During the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022,
we invested 458.1 million in new and existing portfolio companies and had 226.9 million in aggregate amount of exits and repayments
resulting in net investments of 231.1 million for the year. 

During the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021,
we invested 202.3 million in new and existing portfolio companies and had 130.3 million in aggregate amount of exits and repayments
resulting in net investments of 72.0 million for the year. 

Portfolio Composition 

Our portfolio composition at February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and
February 28, 2021 at fair value was as follows: 

February
 28, 2023 

February
 28, 2022 

February
 28, 2021 

Percentage 
 of Total 
 Portfolio 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Current 
 Yield 
 Percentage 
 of Total 
 Portfolio 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Current 
 Yield 
 Percentage 
 of Total 
 Portfolio 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Current 
 Yield 
 
 First lien term loans 
 82.1 
 12.3 
 77.3 
 8.3 
 79.5 
 9.5 
 
 Second lien term loans 
 1.5 
 5.3 
 5.4 
 11.1 
 4.4 
 12.3 
 
 Unsecured loans 
 2.1 
 9.8 
 1.9 
 9.7 
 0.4 
 - 
 
 Structured finance securities 
 4.3 
 7.4 
 4.7 
 10.5 
 9.0 
 11.6 
 
 Equity interests 
 10.0 
 - 
 10.7 
 - 
 6.7 
 - 
 
 Total 
 100.0 
 10.7 
 100.0 
 7.7 
 100.0 
 9.1 

At February 28, 2023, our investment in the subordinated
notes of Saratoga CLO, a collateralized loan obligation fund, had a fair value of 21.2 million and constituted 2.2 of our portfolio.
This investment constitutes a first loss position in a portfolio that, as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, was composed of
 658.0 million and 660.2 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of primarily senior secured first lien term loans. In addition,
as of February 28, 2023, we also own 8.8 million in aggregate principal of the F-2-R-3 Notes in the Saratoga CLO, which only rank senior
to the subordinated notes. 

This investment is subject to unique risks. (See
 Part 1. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our investment in Saratoga CLO constitutes a leveraged investment in a portfolio of predominantly
senior secured first lien term loans and is subject to additional risks and volatility ). We do not consolidate the Saratoga CLO
portfolio in our consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the metrics below do not include the underlying Saratoga CLO portfolio
investments. However, at February 28, 2023, 544.4 million or 89.8 of the Saratoga CLO portfolio investments in terms of market value
had a CMR color rating of green or yellow and two Saratoga CLO portfolio investments were in default with a fair value of 2.8 million.
At February 28, 2022, 630.3 million or 98.7 of the Saratoga CLO portfolio investments in terms of market value had a CMR color rating
of green or yellow and two Saratoga CLO portfolio investments were in default with a fair value of 2.8 million. For more information
relating to Saratoga CLO, see the audited financial statements for Saratoga CLO included elsewhere herein. 

83 

Saratoga Investment Advisors normally grades all
of our investments using a credit and monitoring rating system CMR ). The CMR consists of a single component: a color rating.
The color rating is based on several criteria, including financial and operating strength, probability of default, and restructuring risk.
The color ratings are characterized as follows: (Green) performing credit; (Yellow) underperforming credit; (Red) in
principal payment default and/or expected loss of principal. 

Portfolio CMR distribution 

The CMR distribution of our investments at February 28, 2023
and February 28, 2022 was as follows: 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 Color Score 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 

in thousands) 

Green 
 808,791 
 83.2 
 690,672 
 84.5 
 
 Yellow 
 34,172 
 3.5 
 10,593 
 1.3 
 
 Red 
 - 
 0.0 
 - 
 0.0 
 
 N/A(1) 
 129,627 
 13.3 
 116,302 
 14.2 
 
 Total 
 972,590 
 100.0 
 817,567 
 100.0 

(1) Comprised of our investment in the subordinated notes of
Saratoga CLO and equity interests. 

The change in reserve from 0.0 million as of
February 28, 2022 to 0.0 million as of February 28, 2023 was primarily related to the non-accrual of interest income related to our investment
in Knowland Group. 

The CMR distribution of Saratoga CLO investments at February
28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 was as follows: 

Saratoga CLO 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 Color Score 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 

in thousands) 
 
 Green 
 544,424 
 89.9 
 595,324 
 93.2 
 
 Yellow 
 40,812 
 6.7 
 34,983 
 5.5 
 
 Red 
 20,718 
 3.4 
 8,622 
 1.3 
 
 N/A(1) 
 0 
 0.0 
 34 
 0.0 
 
 Total 
 605,954 
 100.0 
 638,963 
 100.0 

(1) Comprised of Saratoga CLO s equity interests. 

84 

Portfolio composition by industry grouping at fair
value 

The following table shows our portfolio composition by industry
grouping at fair value at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022: 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 

Investments At Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 
 Investments At Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 

in thousands) 
 
 Healthcare Software 
 119,124 
 12.2 
 90,126 
 11.0 
 
 IT Services 
 87,167 
 9.0 
 80,804 
 9.9 
 
 Consumer Services 
 63,642 
 6.6 
 38,234 
 4.7 
 
 HVAC Services and Sales 
 54,450 
 5.6 
 29,976 
 3.7 
 
 Real Estate Services 
 53,406 
 5.5 
 53,506 
 6.6 
 
 Education Software 
 44,955 
 4.6 
 33,656 
 4.1 
 
 Structured Finance Securities (1) 
 41,363 
 4.4 
 38,030 
 4.7 
 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 37,972 
 3.9 
 19,925 
 2.4 
 
 Education Services 
 34,489 
 3.5 
 35,309 
 4.3 
 
 Investment Fund 
 30,726 
 3.2 
 25,140 
 3.1 
 
 Sports Management 
 26,711 
 2.7 
 26,654 
 3.3 
 
 Healthcare Services 
 26,286 
 2.7 
 42,054 
 5.1 
 
 Financial Services 
 26,218 
 2.7 
 23,540 
 2.9 
 
 Talent Acquisition Software 
 25,999 
 2.7 
 19,652 
 2.4 
 
 Direct Selling Software 
 25,771 
 2.7 

Restaurant 
 24,826 
 2.6 
 15,686 
 1.9 
 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 24,411 
 2.5 
 34,013 
 4.2 
 
 Mentoring Software 
 21,359 
 2.2 
 18,321 
 2.2 
 
 Legal Software 
 20,699 
 2.1 
 7,425 
 0.9 
 
 Marketing Orchestration Software 
 18,715 
 1.9 
 28,777 
 3.5 
 
 Mental Healthcare Services 
 16,922 
 1.7 
 - 
 0.0 
 
 Insurance Software 
 16,761 
 1.7 
 10,921 
 1.3 
 
 Corporate Education Software 
 15,254 
 1.6 
 - 
 0.0 
 
 Non-profit Services 
 13,095 
 1.3 
 10,039 
 1.2 
 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 13,052 
 1.3 
 10,000 
 1.2 
 
 Lead Management Software 
 12,090 
 1.2 
 - 
 0.0 
 
 Dental Practice Management 
 11,151 
 1.1 
 8,403 
 1.0 
 
 Research Software 
 10,677 
 1.1 
 - 
 0.0 
 
 Alternative Investment Management Software 
 10,459 
 1.1 
 - 
 0.0 
 
 Field Service Management 
 9,958 
 1.0 
 6,981 
 0.9 
 
 Industrial Products 
 9,608 
 1.0 
 8,427 
 1.0 
 
 Financial Services Software 
 9,096 
 0.9 
 5,940 
 0.7 
 
 Office Supplies 
 6,373 
 0.7 
 3,726 
 0.5 
 
 Corporate Education Software 
 3,809 
 0.4 
 3,306 
 0.4 
 
 Cyber Security 
 2,509 
 0.3 
 1,636 
 0.2 
 
 Staffing Services 
 2,079 
 0.2 
 1,912 
 0.2 
 
 Dental Practice Management 
 1,000 
 0.1 
 - 
 0.0 
 
 Facilities Maintenance 
 408 
 0.0 
 482 
 0.1 
 
 Dental Practice Management Software 
 - 
 0.0 
 35,038 
 4.3 
 
 Marketing Services 
 - 
 0.0 
 17,327 
 2.1 
 
 Payroll Services 
 - 
 0.0 
 17,000 
 2.1 
 
 Waste Services 
 - 
 0.0 
 9,000 
 1.1 
 
 Healthcare Supply 
 - 
 0.0 
 5,194 
 0.6 
 
 Healthcare Products Manufacturing 
 - 
 0.0 
 714 
 0.1 
 
 Consumer Products 
 - 
 0.0 
 693 
 0.1 
 
 Total 
 972,590 
 100.0 
 817,567 
 100.0 

(1) As of February 28, 2023, comprised of our investment in the subordinated
notes and F-2-R-3 Notes of Saratoga CLO, as well as the unsecured notes and equity interests in the SLF JV and E-Notes of SLF 2022. As
of February 28, 2022, comprised of our investment in the subordinated notes and Class F-2-R-3 Notes of Saratoga CLO, as well as the unsecured
notes and equity interests in the SLF JV. 

85 

The following table shows Saratoga CLO s portfolio
composition by industry grouping at fair value at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022: 

Saratoga CLO 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 

Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 

in thousands) 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 114,570 
 18.9 
 123,124 
 19.3 
 
 Services: Business 
 65,947 
 10.9 
 69,491 
 10.9 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 52,636 
 8.7 
 60,048 
 9.4 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 38,952 
 6.4 
 43,136 
 6.8 
 
 Services: Consumer 
 34,544 
 5.7 
 41,393 
 6.5 
 
 Consumer goods: Durable 
 24,887 
 4.1 
 21,085 
 3.3 
 
 Retail 
 24,049 
 4.0 
 16,050 
 2.5 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 23,857 
 3.9 
 22,669 
 3.5 
 
 Telecommunications 
 22,514 
 3.7 
 27,058 
 4.2 
 
 Automotive 
 20,410 
 3.4 
 24,207 
 3.8 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 20,309 
 3.4 
 19,660 
 3.1 
 
 Containers, Packaging Glass 
 18,239 
 3.0 
 15,253 
 2.4 
 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 14,501 
 2.4 
 22,086 
 3.5 
 
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 14,315 
 2.4 
 16,572 
 2.6 
 
 Construction Building 
 13,875 
 2.3 
 11,102 
 1.7 
 
 Consumer goods: Non-durable 
 13,734 
 2.3 
 14,359 
 2.2 
 
 Aerospace Defense 
 13,688 
 2.3 
 14,369 
 2.2 
 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 11,143 
 1.8 
 11,539 
 1.8 
 
 Media: Diversified Production 
 9,279 
 1.5 
 9,203 
 1.4 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 8,450 
 1.4 
 10,062 
 1.6 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 8,236 
 1.4 
 3,752 
 0.6 
 
 Wholesale 
 8,011 
 1.3 
 4,155 
 0.7 
 
 Utilities: Oil Gas 
 7,246 
 1.2 
 8,095 
 1.3 
 
 Transportation: Consumer 
 6,844 
 1.1 
 4,891 
 0.8 
 
 Metals Mining 
 3,239 
 0.5 
 6,846 
 1.1 
 
 Forest Products Paper 
 3,190 
 0.5 
 9,367 
 1.5 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 2,676 
 0.4 
 155 
 0.0 
 
 Utilities: Electric 
 2,353 
 0.4 
 4,026 
 0.6 
 
 Environmental Industries 
 2,155 
 0.4 
 1,550 
 0.2 
 
 Energy: Electricity 
 2,105 
 0.3 
 3,660 
 0.6 
 
 Total 
 605,954 
 100.0 
 638,963 
 100.0 

86 

Portfolio composition by geographic location at fair
value 

The following table shows our portfolio composition by geographic
location at fair value at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. The geographic composition is determined by the location of the corporate
headquarters of the portfolio company. 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 

Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 

in thousands) 
 
 Southeast 
 247,192 
 25.4 
 257,199 
 31.5 
 
 Midwest 
 199,944 
 20.6 
 160,718 
 19.7 
 
 West 
 173,283 
 17.8 
 183,643 
 22.5 
 
 Northeast 
 133,158 
 13.7 
 85,414 
 10.4 
 
 Southwest 
 123,744 
 12.7 
 62,475 
 7.6 
 
 Other(1) 
 92,760 
 9.5 
 66,482 
 8.1 
 
 Northwest 
 2,509 
 0.3 
 1,636 
 0.2 
 
 Total 
 972,590 
 100.0 
 817,567 
 100.0 

(1) As of February 28, 2023, comprised of our investments in
the subordinated notes, F-2-R-3 Notes of Saratoga CLO, as well as the unsecured notes and equity interests in the SLF JV and foreign
investments. As of February 28, 2022, comprised of our investments in the subordinated notes, F-2-R-3 Notes of Saratoga CLO, as well
as the unsecured notes and equity interests in the SLF JV and foreign investments. 

Results of operations 

Operating results for the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023, February
28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 were as follows: 

For the Year Ended 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 February 28, 2021 

in thousands) 
 
 Total investment income 
 99,104 
 70,740 
 57,650 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 63,903 
 50,797 
 34,537 
 
 Net investment income 
 35,201 
 19,943 
 23,113 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) from investments 
 7,446 
 13,398 
 (8,704 
 
 Income tax (provision) benefit from realized gain on investments 
 549 
 (2,886 
 (3,895 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 (15,218 
 17,020 
 4,966 
 
 Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 (1,715 
 695 
 (574 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 (1,587 
 (2,434 
 (129 
 
 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 
 24,676 
 45,735 
 14,777 

Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 

87 

Investment income 

The
composition of our investment income for the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 were as follows: 

For the Year Ended 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 February 28, 2021 

in thousands) 
 
 Interest from investments 
 85,217 
 58,502 
 51,714 
 
 Interest from cash and cash equivalents 
 1,368 
 4 
 14 
 
 Management fee income 
 3,270 
 3,263 
 2,508 
 
 Incentive fee income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend Income 
 2,720 
 1,926 
 158 
 
 Structuring and advisory fee income 
 3,585 
 4,308 
 2,157 
 
 Other income 
 2,944 
 2,739 
 1,099 
 
 Total investment income 
 99,104 
 70,740 
 57,650 

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform
to current period presentation. 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, total
investment income increased 28.4 million, or 40.1 , to 99.1 million for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 compared to 13.1 million
for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. Interest income from investments increased 26.7 million, or 45.7 , to 85.2 million for
the year ended February 28, 2023 from 58.5 million for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. The increase in interest income for the
fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 is primarily attributable to an increase of 19.0 in total investments to 972.6 million from 817.6
million in the prior period, as well as the increase in the weighted average current yield on investments of 10.7 compared to 7.7 in
the prior period. 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022, total
investment income increased 13.1 million, or 22.7 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021. Interest income from investments
increased 6.8 million, or 13.1 , to 58.5 million for the year ended February 28, 2022 from 51.7 million for the fiscal year ended February
28, 2021. The increase in interest income for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 is primarily attributable to an increase of 47.5 
in total investments to 817.6 million from 554.3 million in the prior period, partially offset by a decrease in the weighted average
current yield on investments to 7.7 from 9.1 in the prior period. 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 and
February 28, 2022, total PIK income was 1.2 million and 1.5 million, respectively. This decrease was primarily due to the repayment
of debt securities that elected to pay a portion of their interest in PIK. 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 and
February 28, 2021, total PIK income was 1.5 million and 2.6 million, respectively. This decrease was primarily due to the repayment
of debt securities that elected to pay a portion of their interest in PIK and the change in PIK interest of investments that were restored
from non-accrual to accrual status over the past two years. 

Management fee income reflects the fee income
received for managing the Saratoga CLO. For the years ended February 28, 2023, 2022 and 2021, total management fee income was 3.3 million,
 3.3 million and 2.5 million, respectively. 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, February
28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, total dividend income was 2.7 million, 1.9 million and 0.1 million, respectively. Dividends received
is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations when earned, and the increase primarily reflects dividend income received on
various preferred equity investments. 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, February
28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, total structuring and advisory fee income was 3.6 million, 4.3 million and 2.2 million, respectively.
Structuring and advisory fee income represents fee income earned and received performing certain investment and advisory activities during
the closing of new investments, with the changes year-over-year primarily reflecting the increased or decreased originations during the
period. 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, February
28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, other income was 2.9 million, 2.7 million and 1.1 million, respectively. Other income primarily includes
prepayment, amendment and redemption fees and is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations when earned. 

88 

Operating expenses 

The composition of our operating expenses for the years ended February
28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 were as follows: 

For the Year Ended 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 February 28, 2021 

in thousands) 
 
 Interest and debt financing expenses 
 33,499 
 19,880 
 13,587 
 
 Base management fees 
 16,424 
 11,902 
 9,098 
 
 Incentive management fees 
 5,057 
 11,794 
 4,904 
 
 Professional fees 
 1,812 
 1,378 
 1,706 
 
 Administrator expenses 
 3,160 
 2,906 
 2,546 
 
 Insurance 
 347 
 349 
 285 
 
 Directors fees and expenses 
 360 
 336 
 290 
 
 General and administrative and other expenses 
 2,329 
 1,662 
 1,428 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 (153 
 (40 
 1 
 
 Excise tax expense (credit) 
 1,068 
 630 
 692 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 63,903 
 50,797 
 34,537 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, total operating
expenses increased 13.1 million, or 25.8 , to 63.9 million for the year ended February 28, 2023 compared to 50.8 million for the year
ended February 28, 2022. For the year ended February 28, 2022, total operating expenses increased 16.3 million, or 47.2 , to 50.8 million
for the year ended February 28, 2022 compared to 34.5 million for the year ended February 28, 2021. 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, interest
and debt financing expenses increased 13.6 million, or 68.5 compared to the year ended February 28, 2022. The increase is attributable
to both the total average outstanding debt increasing from 417.4 million for the year ended February 28, 2022 to 663.0 million
for the year ended February 28, 2023, as well as the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding indebtedness increasing from 4.15 
to 4.48 for the same periods. The increase in total average outstanding debt and the weighted average interest rate was primarily
due to the issuance during the year ended February 28, 2023 of the higher-cost 6.00 2027 Notes, 7.00 2025 Notes, 8.00 2027 Notes
and 8.125 2027 Notes. At February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the lower-cost SBA debentures represented 27.7 and 36.2 of overall
debt, respectively. 

For the years ended February 28, 2022 and
February 28, 2021, the increase in interest and debt financing expenses is primarily attributable to an increase in total outstanding
debt. The increase is primarily attributable to an increase in average outstanding debt from 264.2 million for the year ended February 28,
2021 to 417.4 million for the year ended February 28, 2022. For the year ended February 28, 2022, the weighted average
interest rate on our outstanding indebtedness was 4.15 compared to the 4.46 for the year ended February 28, 2021. The decrease
in weighted average interest rate was primarily driven by the issuance of new SBA debentures that carry a lower interest rate. At February 28,
2022 and February 28, 2021, the SBA debentures represented 36.2 and 56.2 of overall debt, respectively. 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, base management
fees increased 4.5 million, or 38.0 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. The increase in base management fees is due
to the 38.0 increase in the average value of our total assets, less cash and cash equivalents, from 680.1 million as of February 28,
2022 to 938.5 million as of February 28, 2023. 

For the year ended February 28, 2022, base management
fees increased 2.8 million, or 30.8 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021. The increase in base management fees is due
to the 30.8 increase in the average value of our total assets, less cash and cash equivalents, from 519.9 million as of February 28,
2021 to 680.1 million as of February 28, 2022. 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, incentive
fees decreased 6.7 million, or 57.1 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. The incentive fee on income increased this
year from 6.4 million for the year ended February 28, 2022 to 6.8 million for the year ended February 28, 2023, reflecting the increased
operating performance of our debt investments during this period. The incentive fees on capital gains decreased from 5.5 million expense
for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 to 1.7) million benefit for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, both reflecting the
incentive fee income and expense on net unrealized appreciation and depreciation recognized during both these periods. 

For the year ended February 28, 2022, incentive
fees increased 6.9 million, or 141.7 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021. The incentive fee on income increased this
year from 5.4 million for the year ended February 28, 2021 to 6.4 million for the year ended February 28, 2022, reflecting the increased
operating performance of our debt investments during this period. The incentive fees on capital gains increased from (0.5) million benefit
for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021 to 5.5 million expense for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022, reflecting the incentive
fee expense on net realized gains and net unrealized appreciation this quarter across numerous investments. 

89 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, professional
fees increased 0.4 million, or 31.5 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. This increase primarily reflects growth across
accounting, legal and consulting fees in connection with an increase in our assets and legal entities, as well as the increased rates
across vendors in the current inflation environment. 

For the year ended February 28, 2022, professional
fees decreased 0.3 million, or 19.2 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021. This decrease primarily reflects optimization
across accounting, legal and consulting fees in connection with an increase in our assets and the Company bringing certain services in-house. 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, administrator
expenses increased 0.3 million, or 8.7 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022, which reflects an increase to the cap on
the payment or reimbursement of expenses by the Company from 3.0 million to 3.275 million, effective August 1, 2022. 

For the year ended February 28, 2022, administrator
expenses increased 0.4 million, or 14.2 compared to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021, which reflects an increase to the cap on
the payment or reimbursement of expenses by the Company from 2.775 million to 3.0 million, effective August 1, 2021. 

For the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023,
February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, the average borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facilities was approximately 26.3 million,
 8.7 million and 1.8 million, respectively, and the average weighted average interest rate on the outstanding borrowing under the Credit
Facilities was 6.72 , 5.22 and 0.17 , respectively. 

For the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023,
February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, the average borrowings outstanding of SBA debentures was 230.0 million, 180.4 million and 169.3
million, respectively. For the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, the weighted average interest rate
on the outstanding borrowings of the SBA debentures was 2.78 , 2.60 and 3.25 , respectively. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 7.00 2025 Notes outstanding was 5.7 million and 0.0 million, respectively. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 7.25 2025 Notes outstanding was 13.6 million and 43.1 million, respectively. On June 24,
2022, the Company redeemed 43.1 million in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 7.25 2025 Notes. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 7.75 2025 Notes outstanding was 5.0 million and 5.0 million, respectively. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 4.375 2026 Notes outstanding was 175.0 million and 130.4 million, respectively. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 4.35 2027 Notes outstanding was 75.0 million and 8.4 million, respectively. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 6.25 2027 Notes outstanding was 15.0 million and 15.0 million, respectively. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 6.00 2027 Notes outstanding was 88.2 million and 0.0 million, respectively. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 8.00 2027 Notes outstanding was 15.6 million and 0.0 million, respectively. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the average dollar amount of our 8.125 2027 Notes outstanding was 13.2 million and 0.0 million, respectively. 

For the years ended February 28, 2023, February
28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, we recognized income tax expense (benefit) of 0.15) million, 0.04) million and 0.0 million, respectively.
This relates to net deferred federal and state income tax expense (benefit) with respect to operating gains and losses and income derived
from equity investments held in entities that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as well as current U.S.
federal and state income taxes on those operating gains and losses when realized. 

90 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, we accrued
excise taxes of 1.1 million on undistributed taxable income as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended February 28, 2022, we accrued
excise taxes of 0.6 million on undistributed taxable income as of December 31, 2021. 

Net realized gains (losses) on sales of investments 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, the
Company had 222.2 million of sales, repayments, exits or restructurings resulting in 7.4 million of net realized gains. The most significant
realized gains and losses during the year ended February 28, 2023 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 

Issuer 
 Asset Type 
 Gross 
Proceeds 
 Cost 
 Net Realized Gain (Loss) 
 
 PDDS Buyer, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 9,943,838 
 2,000,000 
 7,943,838 
 
 Ohio Medical, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 770,161 
 380,353 
 389,808 
 
 Targus Holdings, Inc. 
 Equity Interests 
 540,075 
 1,589,630 
 (1,049,555 
 
 Censis Technologies, Inc. 
 Equity Interests 
 - 
 - 
 68,731 
 
 Texas Teachers of Tomorrow, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 - 
 - 
 24,977 
 
 V Rental Holdings LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 - 
 - 
 68,800 

The 7.9 million of net realized gains was from
the sales of the equity position in our investment in PDDS Buyer, LLC. 

The 0.4 million of net realized gains was from
the sales of the equity position in our investment in Ohio Medical, LLC. 

The 1.0 million of net realized loss was from
the sales of the equity position in our investment in Targus Holding, Inc. 

The Company received escrow payments from the
prior sales of its investments in Censis Technologies, Inc., Texas Teachers of Tomorrow, LLC and V Rental Holdings LLC. 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022,
the Company had 226.9 million of sales, repayments, exits or restructurings resulting in 13.4 million of net realized loss. The most
significant realized gains and losses during the year ended February 28, 2022 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 

Issuer 
 Asset Type 
 Gross 
Proceeds 
 Cost 
 Net Realized Gain (Loss) 
 
 GreyHeller LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 8,178 
 850 
 7,328 
 
 Lexipol, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 10,792 
 10,792 
 - 
 
 My Alarm Center, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 - 
 4,867 
 (4,867 
 
 Passageways, Inc. 
 Equity Interests 
 7,440 
 1,000 
 6,476 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Class F-1-R-3 Note 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 8,360 
 8,500 
 (140 
 
 Texas Teachers of Tomorrow, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 3,339 
 750 
 2,589 
 
 V Rental Holdings LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 2,345 
 366 
 1,979 

The 7.3 million of net realized gains was from
the sales of the equity position in our investment in GreyHeller LLC. 

The 0.1 million of net realized loss was from
the sales of the equity position in our investment in Lexipol, LLC. 

The 4.9 million of net realized loss was from
our investment in My Alarm Center, LLC that was deemed worthless during this period. 

The 6.4 million of net realized gains was from
the sales of the equity position in our investment in Passageways Inc. 

The 0.1 million of net realized loss was from
the repayment of the structured finance securities in the Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Class F-1-R-3 Note. 

The 2.6 million of net realized gains was from
the sales of the equity position in our investment in Texas Teachers of Tomorrow, LLC . 

The 1.9 million of net realized gains was from
the sales of the equity position in our investment in V Rental Holdings LLC. 

91 

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021, the
Company had 130.3 million of sales, repayments, exits or restructurings resulting in 8.7 million of net realized gains. The most significant
realized gains and losses during the year ended February 28, 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Fiscal year ended February 28, 2021 

Issuer 
 Asset Type 
 Gross 
Proceeds 
 Cost 
 Net Realized Gain 
 
 Elyria Foundry Company, L.L.C 
 Equity Interests 
 959 
 9,685 
 (8,726 

The 8.7 million of net realized losses was from
the sales of the equity positions in our investment in Elyria Foundry Company, L.L.C. 

Net change in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) on investments 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, our investments
had a net change in unrealized depreciation of 15.2 million compared to a net change in unrealized appreciation of 17.0 million for
the year ended February 28, 2022. The most significant cumulative changes in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the year ended
February 28, 2023, were the following (dollars in thousands): 

Fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 

Issuer 
 Asset Type 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Total Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 YTD Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 Pepper Palace, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 34,256 
 24,411 
 (9,845 
 (9,327 
 
 Artemis Wax Corp. 
 First Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 60,059 
 63,642 
 3,583 
 2,123 
 
 Vector Controls Holding Co., LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 3,090 
 9,608 
 6,518 
 3,099 
 
 Axero Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 10,551 
 13,052 
 2,500 
 1,952 
 
 Destiny Solutions Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 3,969 
 8,941 
 4,972 
 1,309 
 
 Zollege PBC 
 First Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 16,652 
 15,333 
 (1,319 
 (1,185 
 
 Netreo Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 35,887 
 44,167 
 8,280 
 (2,363 
 
 PDDS Buyer, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (5,094 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 28,944 
 21,177 
 (7,767 
 (4,149 
 
 Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 35,202 
 30,726 
 (4,476 
 (3,368 

The 9.3 million net change in unrealized
depreciation in our investment in Pepper Palace, Inc. was driven by overall company performance. 

The 2.1 million net change in unrealized
appreciation in our investment in Artemis Wax Corp. was driven by improved financial performance. 

The 3.1 million net change in unrealized
appreciation in our investment in Vector Controls Holding Co., LLC was driven by improved financial performance. 

The 2.0 million net change in unrealized
appreciation in our investment in Axero Holdings, LLC was driven by growth and overall strong financial performance. 

The 1.3 million net change in unrealized
appreciation in our investment in Destiny Solutions Inc. was driven by growth and overall strong financial performance. 

The 1.2 million net change in unrealized depreciation in our investment
in Zollege PBC was driven by weakened financial performance. 

The 2.4 million net change in unrealized
depreciation in our investment in Netreo Holdings, LLC was driven by increased leverage and slowing top line growth. 

The 5.1 million net change in unrealized
depreciation in our investment in PDDS Buyer, LLC was driven by the sale of that investment, resulting in a reversal of previously recognized
unrealized appreciation reclassified to realized gains. 

The 4.1 million net change in unrealized
depreciation in our investment in Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1 Ltd. was driven by the increase in discount rates and overall
market conditions. 

The 3.4 million net change in unrealized
depreciation in our investment in Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC was driven by the increase in discount rates and overall market
conditions. 

92 

For the year ended February 28, 2022, our investments
had a net change in unrealized appreciation of 17.0 million compared to a net change in unrealized appreciation of 5.0 million for
the year ended February 28, 2021. The most significant cumulative changes in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the year ended
February 28, 2022, were the following (dollars in thousands): 

Fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 

Issuer 
 Asset Type 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Total Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 YTD Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 ArbiterSports, LLC 
 First Term Lien Loan 
 26,846 
 26,654 
 (192 
 1,140 
 
 Artemis Wax 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 36,774 
 38,234 
 1,460 
 1,460 
 
 C2 Educational Systems 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 18,985 
 18,820 
 (165 
 2,334 
 
 Destiny Solutions Inc. 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 3,969 
 7,632 
 3,663 
 2,636 
 
 GreyHeller LLC 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 1,636 
 1,636 
 - 
 (3,103 
 
 My Alarm Center, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,686 
 
 Netreo Holdings, LLC 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 27,160 
 37,804 
 10,644 
 5,056 
 
 Passageways, Inc. 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (2,311 
 
 PDDS 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 29,944 
 35,038 
 5,094 
 4,270 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 41,648 
 38,030 
 (3,618 
 (1,675 
 
 Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC 
 Unsecrued Equity Interest 
 26,250 
 25,141 
 (1,109 
 (1,109 
 
 SCHOOX INVESTMENTS LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 476 
 3,306 
 2,830 
 2,830 
 
 TG Pressure Washing Holdings 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 488 
 482 
 (6 
 1,060 
 
 Village Realty Holdings LLC 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (2,183 
 
 Vector Controls 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 5,008 
 8,427 
 3,419 
 1,393 

The 1.1 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in ArbiterSports, LLC was driven by improved financial performance. 

The 1.5 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Artemis Wax was driven by improved financial performance. 

The 2.3 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in C2 Education Systems was driven by improved financial performance. 

The 2.6 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Destiny Solutions Inc. was driven by growth and overall strong financial performance. 

The 3.1 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment in GreyHeller LLC. was driven by the sale of that investment, resulting in a reversal of previously recognized unrealized
appreciation reclassified to realized gains. 

The 4.7 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in My Alarm Center, LLC was driven by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized depreciation reclassified to
realized losses. 

The 5.1 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Netreo Holdings, LLC was driven by growth and improved financial performance. 

The 2.3 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment in Passageways, Inc. was driven by the sale of that investment, resulting in a reversal of previously recognized unrealized
appreciation reclassified to realized gains. 

The 4.3 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in PDDS Buyer, LLC was driven by overall strong company performance. 

The 1.7 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment in Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1 Ltd. was driven by the increase in discount rates, impact of LIBOR changes and
overall market conditions. 

The 1.1 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment in Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC was driven by market volatility of the underlying investments of the fund. 

The 2.8 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Schoox, Inc. was driven by overall strong company performance. 

The 1.1 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Top Gun Pressure Washing, LLC was driven by growth, improved financial performance, and a reduced leverage profile. 

The 2.2 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment in Village Realty Holdings, LLC was driven by the sale of that investment, resulting in a reversal of previously recognized
unrealized appreciation reclassified to realized gains. 

93 

The 1.4 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Vector Controls. was driven by growth and overall strong financial performance. 

For the year ended February 28, 2021, our investments
had a net change in unrealized appreciation of 5.0 million compared to a net change in unrealized depreciation of 0.8 million for the
year ended February 29, 2020. The most significant cumulative changes in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the year ended February
28, 2021, were the following (dollars in thousands): 

Fiscal
year ended February 28, 2021 

Issuer 
 Asset Type 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Total Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 YTD Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 ArbiterSports, LLC 
 First Term Lien Loan 
 26,801 
 25,469 
 (1,332 
 (1,306 
 
 C2 Educational Systems 
 First Term Lien Loan 
 15,998 
 13,499 
 (2,499 
 (2,517 
 
 Elyria Foundry Company, L.L.C. 
 Equity Interests 
 9,685 
 730 
 (8,955 
 7,745 
 
 Knowland Group, LLC 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 15,768 
 10,788 
 (4,980 
 (4,873 
 
 My Alarm Center, LLC 
 Equity Interests 
 712 
 181 
 (531 
 1,816 
 
 Netreo Holdings, LLC 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 9,632 
 15,220 
 5,588 
 1,832 
 
 Passageways, Inc. 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 10,953 
 13,264 
 2,311 
 1,173 
 
 Roscoe Medical, Inc. 
 Second Lien Term Loan Equity Interests 
 5,649 
 5,422 
 (227 
 2,343 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 33,847 
 31,450 
 (2,397 
 (1,434 
 
 Village Realty Holdings LLC 
 First Term Lien Loan Equity Interests 
 12,394 
 14,577 
 2,183 
 2,038 

The 1.3 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment in ArbiterSports, LLC was driven by disruptions to its business due to COVID-related shutdowns. 

The 2.5 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment C2 Education Systems was driven by disruptions to its business due to COVID-related shutdowns. 

The 7.7 million net unrealized loss reversal
in our investment in Elyria Foundry Company, L.L.C. was due to the realization of this investment, which resulted in a net unrealized
appreciation during the period. 

The 4.9 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment in Knowland Group, LLC was driven by disruptions to its business due to COVID-related shutdowns. 

The 1.8 million net change in unrealized depreciation
in our investment in My Alarm Center, LLC was driven by increasing leverage levels combined with declining market conditions in the sector. 

The 1.8 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Netreo Holdings, LLC was driven by growth and improved financial performance. 

The 1.2 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Passageways, Inc. was driven by growth and improved financial performance. 

The 2.3 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Roscoe Medical, Inc. was driven by continued improvement in the company s performance. 

The 1.4 million of unrealized depreciation in
our investment in Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. was driven by a reduction in base interest rates during the period, along
with expenses resulting from the recapitalization of the CLO. 

The 2.0 million net change in unrealized appreciation
in our investment in Village Realty Holdings, LLC was driven by increased customer demand during its peak season this year. 

Changes in net assets resulting from operations 

For the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023,
February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 24.7 million, 45.7 million
and 14.8 million, respectively. Based on 11,963,533 weighted average common shares outstanding as of February 28, 2023, our per share
net increase in net assets resulting from operations was 2.06 for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023. This compares to a per share
net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 3.99 for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 (based on 11,456,631 weighted
average common shares outstanding as of February 28, 2022), and a per share net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 1.32
for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021 (based on 11,188,629 weighted average common shares outstanding as of February 28, 2021). 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

We intend to continue to generate cash primarily
from cash flows from operations, including interest earned from our investments in debt in middle-market companies, interest earned from
the temporary investment of cash in U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less,
the Encina Credit Facility, our continued access to the SBA debentures future borrowings and future offerings of debt and equity securities. 

94 

Although we expect to fund the growth of our investment
portfolio through the net proceeds from future equity offerings, including our dividend reinvestment plan DRIP ), our equity
ATM program, and issuances of senior securities or future borrowings, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, we cannot assure you that
our plans to raise capital will be successful. In this regard, because our common stock has historically traded at a price below our current
NAV per share and we are limited in our ability to sell our common stock at a price below NAV per share, we have been and may continue
to be limited in our ability to raise equity capital. 

In addition, we intend to distribute to our stockholders
substantially all of our operating taxable income in order to satisfy the distribution requirement applicable to RICs under the Code.
In satisfying this distribution requirement, in accordance with certain applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury regulations
and a revenue procedure issued by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as
fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or
stock of the RIC subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders must be at least 20 
of the aggregate declared distribution. We may rely on the revenue procedure in future periods to satisfy our RIC distribution requirement. 

Also, as a BDC, we generally are required to meet
a coverage ratio of total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to total senior securities,
which include all of our borrowings and any outstanding preferred stock, of at least 200 , reduced to 150 effective April 16, 2019 following
the approval received from the board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, on April 16, 2018. This requirement
limits the amount that we may borrow. Our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, was 165.9 as of February 28, 2023 and 209.2 
as of February 28, 2022. To fund growth in our investment portfolio in the future, we anticipate needing to raise additional capital from
various sources, including the equity markets and other debt-related markets, which may or may not be available on favorable terms, if
at all. 

Consequently, we may not have the funds or the
ability to fund new investments, to make additional investments in our portfolio companies, to fund our unfunded commitments to portfolio
companies, to pay dividends or to repay borrowings. Also, the illiquidity of our portfolio investments may make it difficult for us to
sell these investments when desired and, if we are required to sell these investments, we may realize significantly less than their recorded
value. 

Due to the diverse capital sources available to
us at this time, we believe we have adequate liquidity to support our near term capital requirements. 

Madison Revolving Credit Facility 

The senior secured revolving credit facility we
entered into with Madison Capital Funding LLC (the Madison Credit Facility on June 30, 2010, which was most recently amended
on September 3, 2021 and then fully repaid and terminated on October 4, 2021. 

Encina Credit Facility 

Below is a summary of the terms of the senior
secured revolving credit facility we entered into with Encina Lender Finance, LLC on October 4, 2021. 

Commitment . The Company entered into the
Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement relating to the Encina Credit Facility in the initial facility amount
of 50.0 million (the Facility Amount ). 

Availability . The Company can draw up to
the lesser of (i) the Facility Amount and (ii) the Borrowing Base. The Borrowing Base is an amount equal to (i) the difference of (A)
the product of the applicable advance rate which varies from 50.0 to 75.0 depending on the type of loan asset (Defaulted Loans being
excluded in that they carry an advance rate of 0 and the value, determined in accordance with the Encina Credit Facility (the Adjusted
Borrowing Value ), of certain eligible loan assets pledged as security for the loan (the Borrowing Base Value and (B) the Excess Concentration Amount, as calculated in accordance with the Encina Credit Facility, plus (ii) any amounts held in the
Prefunding Account and, without duplication, Excess Cash held in the Collection Account, less (iii) the product of (a) the amount of any
undrawn funding commitments the Company has under any loan asset and (b) the Unfunded Exposure Haircut Percentage, and less (iv) 100,000.
Each loan asset held by the Company as of the date on which the Encina Credit Facility was closed was valued as of that date and each
loan asset that the Company acquires after such date will be valued at the lowest of its fair value, its face value (excluding accrued
interest) and the purchase price paid for such loan asset. Adjustments to the value of a loan asset will be made to reflect, among other
things and under certain circumstances, changes in its fair value, a default by the obligor on the loan asset, insolvency of the obligor,
acceleration of the loan asset, and certain modifications to the terms of the loan asset. 

The Encina Credit Facility contains limitations
on the type of loan assets that are eligible to be included in the Borrowing Base and as to the concentration level of certain
categories of loan assets in the Borrowing Base such as restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, asset size and quality,
payment frequency, status and terms, average life, and collateral interests. In addition, if an asset is to remain an eligible 
loan asset, the Company may not make changes to the payment, amortization, collateral and certain other terms of the loan assets without
the consent of the administrative agent that will either result in subordination of the loan asset or be materially adverse to the lenders. 

95 

The Encina Credit Facility requires certain minimum
drawn amounts. For the period beginning on the closing date and ended April 4, 2022, the minimum funding amount was 12.5 million. For
the period beginning on April 5, 2022 through maturity, the minimum funding amount is the greater of 25.0 million and 50 of the Facility
Amount in effect from time to time. 

Collateral . The Encina Credit Facility
is secured by assets of Saratoga Investment Funding II LLC SIF II and pledged to the lender under the credit facility.
SIF II is a wholly owned special purpose entity formed by the Company for the purpose of entering into the Encina Credit Facility. 

Interest Rate and Fees. Under the Encina
Credit Facility, funds were borrowed from or through certain lenders at the greater of the prevailing LIBOR rate and 0.75 , plus an applicable
margin of 4.00 . The Credit Agreement includes benchmark replacement provisions which permit the Administrative Agent and the borrower
to select a replacement rate upon the unavailability of LIBOR. In addition, the Company pays the lenders a commitment fee of 0.75 per
year (or 0.50 if the ratio of advances outstanding to aggregate commitments is greater than or equal to 50 on the unused amount of
the Encina Credit Facility for the duration of the term of the Encina Credit Facility. Accrued interest and commitment fees are payable
monthly in arrears. The Company was also obligated to pay certain other fees to the lenders in connection with the closing of the Encina
Credit Facility. 

Collateral Tests . It is a condition precedent
to any borrowing under the Encina Credit Facility that the principal amount outstanding under the Encina Credit Facility, after giving
effect to the proposed borrowings, not exceed the Borrowing Base (the Borrowing Base Test ). In addition to satisfying the
Borrowing Base Test, the following tests must also be satisfied (together with Borrowing Base Test, the Collateral Tests ): 

o 
 Interest Coverage Ratio. The ratio (expressed as a percentage) of interest collections with respect to pledged loan assets, less certain fees and expenses relating to the Encina Credit Facility, to accrued interest and commitment fees payable to the lenders under the Encina Credit Facility for the last 6 payment periods must equal at least 175.0 . 

o 
 Overcollateralization Ratio. The ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value of eligible pledged loan assets plus the fair value of certain ineligible pledged loan assets (in each case, subject to certain adjustments) to outstanding borrowings under the Encina Credit Facility plus the Unfunded Exposure Amount must equal at least 200.0 . 

The Encina Credit Facility also may require payment
of outstanding borrowings or replacement of pledged loan assets upon the Company s breach of its representation and warranty that
pledged loan assets included in the Borrowing Base are eligible loan assets. Such ineligible collateral loans will be excluded
from the calculation of the Borrowing Base and may lead to a Borrowing Base Deficiency, which may be cured by effecting one or more (or
any combination thereof) of the following actions: (A) deposit into or credit to the collection account cash and eligible investments,
(B) repay outstanding borrowings (together with certain costs and expenses), (C) sell or substitute loan assets in accordance with the
Encina Credit Facility, or (D) pledge additional loan assets as collateral. Compliance with the Collateral Tests is also a condition to
the discretionary sale of pledged loan assets by the Company. 

Priority of Payments . The priority of payments
provisions of the Encina Credit Facility require, after payment of specified fees and expenses, that collections of interest from the
loan assets and, to the extent that these are insufficient, collections of principal from the loan assets, be applied on each payment
date to payment of outstanding borrowings if the Borrowing Base Test, the Overcollateralization Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio
would not otherwise be met. 

Operating Expenses . The priority of payments
provision of the Encina Credit Facility provides for the payment of certain operating expenses of the Company out of collections on interest
and principal in accordance with the priority established in such provision. The operating expenses payable pursuant to the priority of
payment provisions is limited to 200,000 per annum. 

Covenants; Representations and Warranties;
Events of Default . The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants
and events of default. The Credit Agreement does not contain grace periods for breach by the Company of any negative covenants or of certain
of the affirmative covenants, including, without limitation, those related to preservation of the existence and separateness of the Company.
Other events of default under the Credit Agreement include, among other things, the following: 

o 
 Failure of the Company to maintain an Interest Coverage Ratio of less than 175 ; 

o 
 Failure of the Company to maintain an Overcollateralization Ratio of less than 200 ; 

96 

o 
 the filing of certain ERISA or tax liens on assets of the Company or the Equityholder; 

o 
 failure by Specified Holders to collectively, directly or indirectly, own and control at least 51 of the outstanding equity interests of Saratoga Investment Advisor, or (y) possess the right to elect (through contract, ownership of voting securities or otherwise) at all times a majority of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Saratoga Investment Advisor and to direct the management policies and decisions of Saratoga Investment Advisor, or (ii) the dissolution, termination or liquidation in whole or in part, transfer or other disposition, in each case, of all or substantially all of the assets of, Saratoga Investment Advisor; 

o 
 indictment or conviction of Saratoga Investment Advisors or any key person for a felony offense, or any fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation of funds by Saratoga Investment Advisors or any key person and, in the case of key persons, without a reputable, experienced individual reasonably satisfactory to Encina Lender Finance appointed to replace such key person within 30 days; 

o 
 resignation, termination, disability or death of a key person or failure of any key person to provide active participation in Saratoga Investment Advisors daily activities, all without a reputable, experienced individual reasonably satisfactory to Encina Lender Finance appointed within 30 days. 

Fees and Expenses . The Company paid certain
fees and reimbursed Encina Lender Finance, LLC for the aggregate amount of all documented, out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including
the reasonable fees and expenses of lawyers, incurred by Encina Lender Finance, LLC in connection with the Encina Credit Facility and
the carrying out of any and all acts contemplated thereunder up to and as of the date of closing. These amounts totaled 1.4 million. 

On January 27, 2023, we entered into the first
amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things: 

increased the borrowings available under the Encina Credit Facility from up to 50.0 million to up to 65.0 million; 

changed the underlying benchmark used to compute interest under the Credit Agreement from LIBOR to Term SOFR for a one-month tenor
plus a 0.10 credit spread adjustment; 

increased the applicable effective margin rate on borrowings from 4.00 to 4.25 ; 

extended the revolving period from October 4, 2024 to January 27, 2026; 

extended the period during which the borrower may request one or more increases in the borrowings available under the Encina Credit
Facility (each such increase, a Facility Increase from October 4, 2023 to January 27, 2025, and increased the maximum borrowings
available pursuant to such Facility Increase from 75.0 million to 150.0 million; 

revised the eligibility criteria for eligible collateral loans to exclude certain industries in which an obligor or related guarantor
may be involved; and 

amended the provisions permitting the borrower to request an extension in the Commitment Termination Date (as defined in the Credit
Agreement) to allow requests to extend any applicable Commitment Termination Date, rather than a one-time request to extend the original
Commitment Termination Date, subject to a notice requirement. 

As of February 28, 2023, we had 32.5 million
outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and 202.0 million of SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding (which are discussed below).
As of February 28, 2022, we had 12.5 million outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and 185.0 million of SBA-guaranteed debentures
outstanding. Our borrowing base under the Credit Facility at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 was 65.0 million and 50.0 million,
respectively. 

Our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940
Act, was 165.9 as of February 28, 2023 and 209.2 as of February 28, 2022. 

SBA-guaranteed debentures 

In addition, we, through three wholly owned subsidiaries,
sought and obtained licenses from the SBA to operate an SBIC. In this regard, our wholly owned subsidiaries, Saratoga Investment Corp.
SBIC LP SBIC LP ), Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC II LP SBIC II LP ), and Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC III LP SBIC III LP , and together with SBIC LP and SBIC II LP, the SBIC Subsidiaries ), received an SBIC license from
the SBA on March 28, 2012, August 14, 2019, and September 29, 2022, respectively. SBICs are designated to stimulate the flow of private
equity capital to eligible small businesses. Under SBA regulations, SBICs may make loans to eligible small businesses and invest in the
equity securities of small businesses. 

97 

The SBIC license allows our SBIC Subsidiaries
to obtain leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures. SBA-guaranteed debentures are non-recourse, interest only debentures with interest
payable semi-annually and have a ten-year maturity. The principal amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures is not required to be paid prior
to maturity but may be prepaid at any time without penalty. The interest rate of SBA-guaranteed debentures is fixed on a semi-annual basis
at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with 10-year maturities. 

The SBIC Subsidiaries are regulated by the SBA.
SBA regulations currently limit the amount that our SBIC Subsidiaries may borrow to a maximum of 175.0 million of SBA debentures when
it has at least 87.5 million in regulatory capital, subject to the SBA s approval. Under current SBIC regulations, for two or more
SBICs under common control, the maximum amount of outstanding SBA debentures cannot exceed 350.0 million. Our wholly owned SBIC Subsidiaries
are able to borrow funds from the SBA against regulatory capital (which generally approximates equity capital in the respective SBIC)
and is subject to customary regulatory requirements, including, but not limited to, periodic examination by the SBA. 

We received exemptive relief from the SEC to permit
us to exclude the debt of our SBIC Subsidiaries guaranteed by the SBA from the definition of senior securities in the asset coverage test
under the 1940 Act. This allows us increased flexibility under the asset coverage test by permitting us to borrow up to 350.0 million
more than we would otherwise be able to absent the receipt of this exemptive relief. On April 16, 2018, as permitted by the Small Business
Credit Availability Act, which was signed into law on March 23, 2018, our board of directors, including a majority of our independent
directors, approved of our becoming subject to a minimum asset coverage ratio of 150 from 200 under Sections 18(a)(1) and 18(a)(2) of
the Investment Company Act, as amended. The 150 asset coverage ratio became effective on April 16, 2019. 

As of February 28, 2023, SBIC LP had 75.0 million
in regulatory capital and 27.0 million SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. SBIC II LP had 87.5 million in regulatory capital
and 175.0 million SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. SBIC III LP had 35.0 million in regulatory capital and 0.0 million
SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. 

Unsecured notes 

In May 2013, the Company issued 48.3 million
in aggregate principal amount of 7.50 fixed-rate notes due 2020 (the 2020 Notes ). The 2020 Notes were redeemed in full
on January 13, 2017 and are no longer listed on the NYSE. 

On May 29, 2015, we entered into a Debt Distribution
Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. through which we may offer for sale, from time to time, up to 20.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of the 2020 Notes through an ATM offering. Prior to the 2020 Notes being redeemed in full, the Company had sold 539,725 units of
the 2022 Notes with a principal of 13.5 million at an average price of 25.31 for aggregate net proceeds of 13.4 million (net of transaction
costs). 

On December 21, 2016, we issued 74.5 million
in aggregate principal amount of our 2023 Notes for net proceeds of 71.7 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 2.3 million and offering costs of approximately 0.5 million. The net proceeds from the offering were used to repay all of the outstanding
indebtedness under the 2020 Notes on January 13, 2017, which amounted to 61.8 million, and for general corporate purposes in accordance
with our investment objective and strategies. On December 21, 2019 and February 7, 2020, the Company redeemed 50.0 million and 24.5
million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of the 74.5 million in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 2023
Notes and are no longer listed on the NYSE. 

On August 28, 2018, the Company issued 40.0 million
in aggregate principal amount of our 6.25 fixed-rate notes due 2025 (the 6.25 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 38.7 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.3 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.3 million. The issuance
included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 5.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.25 
2025 Notes within 30 days. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment
objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.6 million related to the 6.25 2025 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized
over the term of the 6.25 2025 Notes. The 6.25 2025 Notes are no longer listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAF 
with a par value of 25.00 per note. 

On February 5, 2019, the Company completed a re-opening
and up-sizing of its existing 6.25 2025 Notes by issuing an additional 20.0 million in aggregate principal amount for net proceeds of
 19.2 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.6 million and discount of 0.2 million. Offering costs incurred
were approximately 0.2 million. The issuance included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 2.5
million aggregate principal amount of 6.25 2025 Notes within 30 days. Interest rate, interest payment dates and maturity remain unchanged
from the existing 6.25 2025 Notes issued in August 2018. The net proceeds from this offering were used for general corporate purposes
in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. The financing costs and discount of 1.0 million related to the 6.25 2025
Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 6.25 2025 Notes. 

98 

On August 31, 2021, the Company redeemed 60.0
million aggregate principal amount of the issued and outstanding 6.25 2025 Notes at par, and the 6.25 2025 Notes are no longer listed
on the NYSE. 

On June 24, 2020, the Company issued 37.5 million
aggregate principal amount of our 7.25 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 36.3 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 1.2 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.3 million. On July 6, 2020, the underwriters exercised their option in full
to purchase an additional 5.625 million in aggregate principal amount of its 7.25 2025 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 5.4
million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.2 million. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general
corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.6 million related to the 7.25 2025
Notes have been capitalized and were amortized over the term of the 7.25 2025 Notes. On July 14, 2022, the Company redeemed 43.1 million
in aggregate principal amount of the issued and outstanding 7.25 2025 Notes. The 7.25 2025 Notes were listed on the NYSE under the trading
symbol of SAK and have been delisted following the full redemption on July 14, 2022. 

On July 14, 2022, the Company redeemed 43.1
million in aggregate principal amount of the issued and outstanding 7.25 2025 Notes. The 7.25 2025 Notes were listed on the NYSE under
the trading symbol of SAK and have been delisted following the full redemption on July 14, 2022. 

At February 28, 2023, the total 7.25 2025 Notes
outstanding was 0.0 million. 

On July 9, 2020, the Company issued 5.0 million
aggregate principal amount of our 7.75 fixed-rate notes due in 2025 (the 7.75 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 4.8 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.2 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million. Interest
on the 7.75 2025 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 7.75 per year. The
7.75 2025 Notes mature on July 9, 2025 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option, subject
to a fee depending on the date of repayment. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance
with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 0.3 million related to the 7.75 2025 Notes have been capitalized and
are being amortized over the term of the Notes. The 7.75 2025 Notes are not listed and have a par value of 25.00 per note. 

At February 28, 2023, the total 7.75 2025 Notes
outstanding was 5.0 million. 

On December 29, 2020, the Company issued 5.0
aggregate principal amount of our 6.25 fixed-rate Notes due in 2027 (the 6.25 2027 Notes ). Offering costs incurred
were approximately 0.1 million. Interest on the 6.25 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31,
August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 6.25 per year, beginning February 28, 2021. The 6.25 2027 Notes mature on December
29, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option, on or after December 29, 2024. The net
proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing
costs of 0.1 million related to the 6.25 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the Notes. 

On January 28, 2021, the Company issued 10.0
million aggregate principal amount of the Second 6.25 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 9.7 million after deducting underwriting commissions
of approximately 0.3 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million. Interest on the 6.25 2027 Notes is paid quarterly
in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 6.25 per year. The 6.25 2027 Notes mature on January 28,
2027 and commencing January 28, 2023, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after December
29, 2024. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and
strategies. Financing costs of 0.4 million related to the 6.25 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term
of the Notes. 

At February 28, 2023, the total 6.25 2025 Notes
outstanding was 15.0 million. 

On March 10, 2021, the Company issued 50.0 million
aggregate principal amount of the 4.375 2026 Notes for net proceeds of 49.0 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 1.0 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.2 million. Interest on the 4.375 2026 Notes is paid semi-annually
in arrears on February 28 and August 28, at a rate of 4.375 per year. The 4.375 2026 Notes mature on February 28, 2026 and may
be redeemed in whole or in part at any time on or after November 28, 2025 at par plus a make-whole premium, or thereafter
at par. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies.
Financing costs of 1.2 million related to the 4.375 2026 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the
Notes. 

99 

On July 15, 2021, the Company issued an additional
 125.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Company s 4.375 2026 Notes (the Additional 4.375 2026 Notes for
net proceeds for approximately 123.5 million, based on the public offering price of 101.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the
Additional 4.375 2026 Notes, after deducting the underwriting discount of 2.5 million and the offering expenses of approximately 0.2
million payable by the Company. The net proceeds from the offering were used to redeem all of the outstanding 6.25 2025 Notes (as described
above), and for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. The Additional 4.375 2026 Notes
were treated as a single series with the existing 4.375 2026 Notes under the indenture and had the same terms as the existing 4.375 
2026 Notes. 

At February 28, 2023 the total 4.375 Notes outstanding
was 175.0 million. 

On January 19, 2022, the
Company issued 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.35 fixed-rate Notes due in 2027 (the 4.35 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 73.0 million, based on the public offering price of 99.317 of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.35 2027 Notes,
after deducting the underwriting commissions of approximately 1.5 million . Offering costs incurred
were approximately 0.3 million. Interest on the 4.35 2027 Notes is paid semi-annually in arrears on February 28 and
August 28, at a rate of 4.35 per year, beginning August 28, 2022. The 4.35 2027 Notes mature on February 28, 2027 and may
be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time prior to November 28, 2026, at par plus a make-whole 
premium, and thereafter at par . The net proceeds from the offering were used for general
corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.8 million related to the 4.35 
2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the Notes. 

At February 28, 2023 the total 4.35 Notes outstanding
was 75.0 million. 

On April 27, 2022, the Company issued 87.5 million
aggregate principal amount of our 6.00 fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 6.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 84.8 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 2.7 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million. On May
10, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional 10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the
6.00 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 9.7 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.3 million.
Interest on the 6.00 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 6.00 per
year. The 6.00 2027 Notes mature on April 30, 2027 and commencing April 27, 2024, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or
from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment
objective and strategies. Financing costs of 3.3 million related to the 6.00 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized
over the term of the 6.00 2027 Notes. The 6.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAT with a par
value of 25.00 per note. 

On August 15, 2022, the Company issued an additional
 8.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes (the Additional 6.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 7.8
million, based on the public offering price of 97.80 of the aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes. The Additional 6.00 
2027 Notes are treated as a single series with the existing 6.00 2027 Notes under the indenture and had the same terms as the existing
6.00 2027 Notes. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective
and strategies. Additional offering costs incurred were approximately 0.03 million. Additional financing costs of 0.03 million related
to the 6.00 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 6.00 2027 Notes. 

At February 28, 2023 the total 6.00 2027 Notes
outstanding was 105.5 million. 

On September 8, 2022, the Company issued 12.0
million aggregate principal amount of our 7.00 fixed-rate notes due 2025 (the 7.00 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 11.6
million after deducting customary fees and offering expenses of approximately 0.4 million. Interest on the 7.00 2025 Notes is paid quarterly
in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 7.00 per year. The 7.00 2025 Notes mature on September 8,
2025 and commencing September 8, 2024, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds
from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs
of 0.05 million related to the 7.00 2025 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 7.00 2025 Notes. 

At February 28, 2023 the total 7.00 2025 Notes
outstanding was 12.0 million. 

On October 27, 2022, the Company issued 40.0
million aggregate principal amount of our 8.00 fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 8.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 38.7
million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.3 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million.
On November 10, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional 6.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of the 8.00 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 5.8 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 0.2 million. Interest on the 8.00 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate
of 8.00 per year, beginning February 28, 2023. The 8.00 2027 Notes mature on October 31, 2027 and commencing October 27, 2024, may be
redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general
corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.3 million related to the 8.00 2027
Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 8.00 2027 Notes. The 8.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE
under the trading symbol SAJ with a par value of 25.00 per note. 

100 

At February 28, 2023 the total 8.00 2027
Notes outstanding was 46.0 million. 

On December 13, 2022, the Company issued 52.5
million aggregate principal amount of our 8.125 fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 8.125 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 50.8
million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.6 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately 0.1 million.
On December 21, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their option to purchase an additional 7.875 million in aggregate principal amount
of the 8.125 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 7.6 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.2
million. Interest on the 8.125 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of
8.125 per year, beginning February 28, 2023. The 8.125 2027 Notes mature on December 31, 2027 and commencing December 13, 2024, may
be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from this offering were used to make
investments in middle-market companies (including investments made through our SBIC subsidiaries) in accordance with our investment objective
and strategies and for general corporate purposes. Financing costs of 2.0 million related to the 8.125 2027 Notes have been capitalized
and are being amortized over the term of the 8.125 2027 Notes. The 8.125 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol
 SAY with a par value of 25.00 per note. 

At February 28, 2023, the total 8.125 2027 Notes
outstanding was 60.375 million. 

At February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the
fair value of total cash and cash equivalents, cash and cash equivalents in reserve accounts and total investments by major category are
as follows: 

February 28, 2023 

February 28, 2022 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Total 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Total 

in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

65,746 

6.2 

47,258 

5.4 

Cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts 

30,330 

2.8 

5,613 

0.6 

First lien term loans 

798,534 

74.7 

631,572 

72.6 

Second lien term loans 

14,936 

1.4 

44,386 

5.1 

Structured finance securities 

41,362 

3.9 

38,030 

4.4 

Unsecured loan 

20,661 

1.9 

15,931 

1.8 

Equity interests 

97,097 

9.1 

87,648 

10.1 

Total 

1,068,666 

100.0 

870,438 

100.0 

On July 13, 2018, the Company issued 1,150,000
shares of its common stock priced at 25.00 per share (par value 0.001 per share) at an aggregate total of 28.75 million. The net proceeds,
after deducting underwriting commissions of 1.15 million and offering costs of approximately 0.2 million, amounted to approximately
 27.4 million. The Company also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 172,500 shares of its common
stock, which was not exercised. 

On March 16, 2017, we entered into an equity distribution
agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., through which we may offer for sale, from time to time, up to 30.0 million of our common
stock through an ATM offering. Subsequent to this, we amended our equity distribution agreement to add BB T Capital Markets and B.
Riley FBR, Inc. as sales agents in our ATM offering. On July 11, 2019, the amount of the common stock to be offered was increased to 70.0
million, and on October 8, 2019, the amount of the common stock to be offered was increased to 130.0 million. This agreement was terminated
as of July 29, 2021, and as of that date, we had sold 3,922,018 shares for gross proceeds of 97.1 million at an average price of 24.77
for aggregate net proceeds of 95.9 million (net of transaction costs). 

On July 30, 2021, we entered into an equity distribution
agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. and Compass Point Research and Trading, LLC, each as agents (the Agents ),
through which we may offer for sale, from time to time, up to 150.0 million of our common stock through the Agents, or to them, as principal
for their account. As of February 28, 2023, the Company sold 4,840,361 shares for gross proceeds of 123.9 million at an average price
of 25.61 for aggregate net proceeds of 122.4 million (net of transaction costs). For the year ended February 28, 2023, there was no
activity related to the ATM offerings. 

On September 24, 2014, the Company announced the
approval of an open market share repurchase plan that allowed it to repurchase up to 200,000 shares of its common stock at prices below
its NAV as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements (the Share Repurchase Plan ). On
October 7, 2015, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year and increased the number of shares the Company
is permitted to repurchase at prices below its NAV, as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements,
to 400,000 shares of its common stock. On October 5, 2016, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year
to October 15, 2017 and increased the number of shares the Company is permitted to repurchase at prices below its NAV, as reported in
its then most recently published consolidated financial statements, to 600,000 shares of its common stock. On October 10, 2017, January
8, 2019 and January 7, 2020, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year to October 15, 2018, January 15,
2020 and January 15, 2021, respectively, each time leaving the number of shares unchanged at 600,000 shares of its common stock. On May
4, 2020, our board of directors increased the Share Repurchase Plan to 1.3 million shares of common stock. On January 5, 2021, our board
of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year to January 15, 2022, leaving the number of shares unchanged at 1.3 million
shares of common stock. On January 4, 2022, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another year to January 15,
2023, leaving the number of shares unchanged. On January 9, 2023, our board of directors extended the Share Repurchase Plan for another
year to January 15, 2024, increasing the number of shares to 1.7 million shares of common stock. As of February 28, 2023, the Company
purchased 946,627 shares of common stock, at the average price of 21.83 for approximately 20.7 million pursuant to the Share Repurchase
Plan. During the three months ended February 28, 2023 the Company purchased 48,594 shares of common stock, at the average price 25.19
for approximately 1.2 million pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan. During the year ended February 28, 2023 the Company purchased 438,192
shares of common stock, at the average price 24.70 for approximately 10.8 million pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan. 

101 

Dividend Distributions 

We have distributed or intend to distribute sufficient
dividends to eliminate taxable income for our completed tax years. If we fail to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement or
otherwise fail to qualify as a RIC in any tax year, we would be subject to tax in that year on all of our taxable income, regardless of
whether we made any distributions to our shareholders. Shareholders have the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive
shares of common stock, pursuant to the DRIP. Our distributions for the tax years ended February 28, 2023 to inception were as follows: 

Payment date 
 Cash Dividend 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2024 

March 30, 2023 
 0.69 (1) 

0.69 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2023 

January 4, 2023 
 0.68 (2) 
 
 September 29, 2022 
 0.54 (3) 
 
 June 29, 2022 
 0.53 (4) 
 
 March 28, 2022 
 0.53 (5) 

2.28 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2022 

January 19, 2022 
 0.53 (6) 
 
 September 28, 2021 
 0.52 (7) 
 
 June 29, 2021 
 0.44 (8) 
 
 April 22, 2021 
 0.43 (9) 

1.92 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2021 

February 10, 2021 
 0.42 (10) 
 
 November 10, 2020 
 0.41 (11) 
 
 August 12, 2020 
 0.40 (12) 

1.03 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 29, 2020 

February 6, 2020 
 0.56 (13) 
 
 September 26, 2019 
 0.56 (14) 
 
 June 27, 2019 
 0.55 (15) 
 
 March 28, 2019 
 0.54 (16) 

2.21 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2019 

January 2, 2019 
 0.53 (17) 
 
 September 27, 2018 
 0.52 (18) 
 
 June 27, 2018 
 0.51 (19) 
 
 March 26, 2018 
 0.50 (20) 

2.06 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2018 

December 27, 2017 
 0.49 (21) 
 
 September 26, 2017 
 0.48 (22) 
 
 June 27, 2017 
 0.47 (23) 
 
 March 28, 2017 
 0.46 (24) 

1.90 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2017 

February 9, 2017 
 0.45 (25) 
 
 November 9, 2016 
 0.44 (26) 
 
 September 5, 2016 
 0.20 (27) 
 
 August 9, 2016 
 0.43 (28) 
 
 April 27, 2016 
 0.41 (29) 

1.93 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 29, 2016 

February 29, 2016 
 0.40 (30) 
 
 November 30, 2015 
 0.36 (31) 
 
 August 31, 2015 
 0.33 (32) 
 
 June 5, 2015 
 1.00 (33) 
 
 May 29. 2015 
 0.27 (34) 

2.36 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2015 

February 27, 2015 
 0.22 (35) 
 
 November 28, 2014 
 0.18 (36) 

0.40 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28. 2014 

December 27, 2013 
 2.65 (37) 

2.65 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2013 

December 31, 2012 
 4.25 (38) 

4.25 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 29, 2012 

December 30, 2011 
 3.00 (39) 

3.00 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2011 

December 29, 2010 
 4.40 (40) 

4.40 
 
 Tax Year Ended February 28, 2010 

December 31, 2009 
 18.25 (41) 

18.25 

102 

(1) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 7.1 million in cash and 46,818 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 23.11 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 17, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27, 28, 29, and 30, 2023. 

(2) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 6.8 million in cash and 53,615 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.5 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 24.26 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 20, 21, 22, 23, 27, 28, 29 and 30 2022 and January 3 and 4, 2023. 

(3) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 5.3 million in cash and 52,313 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 22.00 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 16, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 26, 27, 28 and 29, 2022. 

(4) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 5.1 million in cash and 48,590 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 22.40 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 15, 16, 17, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27, 28 and 29, 2022. 

(5) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 5.3 million in cash and 42,825 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 25.89 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 15, 16, 17, 18, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 and 28, 2022. 

(6) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 5.3 million in cash and 41,520 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.3 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 26.85 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on January 5, 6, 7, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 18 and 19, 2022. 

(7) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 4.9 million in cash and 38,016 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.3 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 26.77 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 15, 16, 17, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27 and 28, 2021. 

(8) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 4.1 million in cash and 33,100 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.3 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 25.03 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 16, 17, 18, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 28 and 29, 2021. 

(9) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.9 million in cash and 38,580 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.3 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 23.69 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on April 9,12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 21 and 22, 2021. 

(10) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.8 million in cash and 41,388 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 21.75 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on January 28, 29 and February 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9 and 10, 2021. 

(11) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.8 million in cash and 45,706 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 17.63 per share, which equaled 95 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on October 28, 29, 30 and November 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9 and 10, 2020. 

(12) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.7 million in cash and 47,098 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 16.45 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on July 30, 31 and August 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 10, 11 and 12, 2020. 

(13) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 5.4 million in cash and 35,682 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.3 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 25.44 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on January 24, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31 and February 3, 4, 5 and 6, 2020. 

(14) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 4.5 million in cash and 34,575 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 23.34 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 13, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25 and 26, 2019. 

103 

(15) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.6 million in cash and 31,545 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 22.65 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26 and 27, 2019. 

(16) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.5 million in cash and 31,240 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 21.36 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26, 27 and 28, 2019. 

(17) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.4 million in cash and 30,796 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 18.88 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 26, 27, 28, 31, 2018 and January 2, 2019. 

(18) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.3 million in cash and 25,862 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.3 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 22.35 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26 and 27, 2018. 

(19) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 2.7 million in cash and 21,562 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.3 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 23.72 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26 and 27, 2018. 

(20) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 2.6 million in cash and 25,354 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 19.91 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 26, 2018. 

(21) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 2.5 million in cash and 25,435 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 21.14 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 26 and 27, 2017. 

(22) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 2.2 million in cash and 33,551 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.6 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 20.19 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25 and 26, 2017. 

(23) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 2.3 million in cash and 26,222 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 20.04 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 26 and 27, 2017. 

(24) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 2.0 million in cash and 29,096 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.5 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 21.38 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 15, 16, 17, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27 and 28, 2017. 

(25) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 1.6 million in cash and 50,453 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.9 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 20.25 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on January 27, 30, 31 and February 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8 and 9, 2017. 

(26) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 1.5 million in cash and 58,548 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.0 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 17.12 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on October 27, 28, 31 and November 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 8 and 9, 2016. 

(27) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 0.7 million in cash and 24,786 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 17.06 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on August 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 29, 30, 31 and September 1 and 2, 2016. 

(28) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 1.5 million in cash and 58,167 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.0 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 16.32 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on July 27, 28, 29 and August 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8 and 9, 2016. 

104 

(29) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 1.5 million in cash and 56,728 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.0 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 15.43 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on April 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26 and 27, 2016. 

(30) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 1.4 million in cash and 66,765 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.2 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 13.11 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on February 16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 29, 2016. 

(31) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 1.1 million in cash and 61,029 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.1 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 14.53 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on November 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 27 and 30, 2015. 

(32) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 1.1 million in cash and 47,861 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.9 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 15.28 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on August 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28 and 31, 2015. 

(33) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 3.4 million in cash and 126,230 newly issued shares of common stock, or 2.3 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 16.47 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on May 22, 26, 27, 28, 29 and June 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, 2015. 

(34) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 0.9 million in cash and 33,766 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.6 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 16.78 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on May 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 26, 27, 28 and 29, 2015. 

(35) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 0.8 million in cash and 26,858 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.5 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 14.97 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on February 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 27, 2015. 

(36) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 0.6 million in cash and 22,283 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 14.37 per share, which equaled 95.0 of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on November 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26 and 28, 2014. 

(37) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately 2.5 million in cash and 649,500 shares of common stock, or 13.7 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of 20.0 of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 15.439 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 11, 13 and 16, 2013. 

(38) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of 3.3 million in cash and 853,455 shares of common stock, or 22.0 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of 20.0 of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 15.444 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 14, 17 and 19, 2012. 

(39) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of 2.0 million in cash and 599,584 shares of common stock, or 18.0 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of 20.0 of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 13.117067 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 20, 21 and 22, 2011. 

(40) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of 1.2 million in cash and 596,235 shares of common stock, or 22.0 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of 10.0 of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 17.8049 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 20, 21 and 22, 2010. 

(41) 
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of 2.1 million in cash and 864,872.5 shares of common stock, or 104.0 of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of 13.7 of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 1.5099 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 24 and 28, 2009. 

We cannot provide any assurance that these measures
will provide sufficient sources of liquidity to support our operations and growth. 

105 

Recent Developments: 

On March 31, 2023 and
May 1, 2023, we issued 10.0 million and 10.0 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of our 8.75 2024 Notes for net proceeds
in each issuance of approximately 9.6 million after deducting customary fees of 3.50 and offering expenses of approximately 0.1 million.
Interest on the 8.75 2024 Notes will be paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, beginning on May
31, 2023, at a rate of 8.75 per year. The 8.75 2024 Notes will mature on March 31, 2024, unless extended to March 31, 2025 at the sole
discretion of the Company. The net proceeds from the offering were used make investments in middle-market companies in accordance
with our investment objective and strategies (including investments made through SSBIC III LP) and for general corporate purposes. 

On April 14, 2023,
we issued 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.50 fixed-rate notes due 2028 (the 8.5 2028 Notes for net
proceeds of 48.2 million, based on a public offering price of 100 of par, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
of approximately 1.6 million and estimated offering expenses of approximately 0.2 million. On April 25, 2023, the underwriters
exercised their option in full to purchase an additional 7.5 million in aggregate principal amount of its 8.50 notes due 2028
within 30 days. Net proceeds to the Company were 7.3 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 0.2
million. The 8.50 2028 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAZ with a par value of 25.00 per
share. Interest on the 8.50 2028 Notes will be paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30,
beginning on May 31, 2023, at a rate of 8.50 per year. The 8.50 2028 Notes mature on April 15, 2028 and commencing April 14, 2025,
may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering was used to
repay a portion of outstanding indebtedness under the Encina Credit Facility, make investments in middle-market companies
in accordance with our investment objective and strategies (including investments made through SBIC III LP) and for general
corporate purposes. 

Contractual obligations 

The
following table shows our payment obligations for repayment of debt and other contractual obligations at February 28, 2023: 

Payment Due by Period 
 
 Long-Term Debt Obligations 
 Total 
 Less Than 1 Year 
 1 - 3 Years 
 3 - 5 Years 
 More Than 5 Years 

in thousands) 
 
 Encina credit facility 
 32,500 
 - 
 32,500 
 - 
 - 
 
 SBA debentures 
 202,000 
 - 
 15,000 
 12,000 
 175,000 
 
 6.00 2025 Notes 
 12,000 
 - 
 12,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 7.75 2025 Notes 
 5,000 
 - 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 4.375 2026 Notes 
 175,000 
 - 
 - 
 175,000 
 - 
 
 4.35 2027 Notes 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 - 
 
 6.00 2027 Notes 
 105,500 
 - 
 - 
 105,500 
 - 
 
 6.25 2027 Notes 
 15,000 
 - 
 - 
 15,000 
 - 
 
 8.00 2027 Notes 
 46,000 
 - 
 - 
 46,000 
 - 
 
 8.125 2027 Notes 
 60,375 
 - 
 - 
 60,375 
 - 
 
 Total Long-Term Debt Obligations 
 728,375 
 - 
 64,500 
 488,875 
 175,000 

Off-balance sheet arrangements 

At February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the
Company s off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 108.8 million and 83.4 million, respectively, of unfunded commitments outstanding
to provide debt financing to its portfolio companies or to fund limited partnership interests. Such commitments are generally up to the
Company s discretion to approve, or the satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and involve, to varying degrees,
elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. 

106 

A summary of the unfunded commitments outstanding as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 is shown in the table below (dollars in thousands): 

February 28, 
2023 

February 28, 
2022 

At Company s discretion 

ActiveProspect, Inc. 

10,000 

- 

Artemis Wax Corp. 

- 

3,700 

Ascend Software, LLC 

5,000 

5,000 

Axero Holdings, LLC 

- 

3,000 

Book4Time, Inc. 

- 

2,000 

Davisware, LLC 

- 

2,000 

Granite Comfort, LP 

15,000 

- 

JDXpert 

5,000 

- 

LFR Chicken LLC 

4,000 

10,000 

Netreo Holdings, LLC 

- 

4,000 

Pepper Palace, Inc. 

3,000 

3,000 

Procurement Partners, LLC 

4,250 

2,800 

Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC 

8,548 

17,500 

Sceptre Hospitality Resources, LLC 

5,000 

1,000 

Total 

59,798 

54,000 

At portfolio company s discretion - satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants required 

ARC Health OpCo LLC 

10,773 

- 

Artemis Wax Corp. 

8,500 

Ascend Software, LLC 

3,200 

6,500 

Axero Holdings, LLC 

- 

2,000 

Axero Holdings, LLC - Revolver 

500 

500 

Davisware, LLC 

- 

1,000 

Exigo, LLC 

4,167 

Exigo, LLC - Revolver 

833 

GDS Software Holdings, LLC 

- 

2,786 

Gen4 Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 

11,000 

- 

GoReact 

2,500 

2,500 

HemaTerra Holding Company, LLC 

- 

- 

JDXpert 

1,000 

- 

LFR Chicken LLC 

- 

3,000 

Madison Logic, Inc. - Revolver 

- 

1,084 

New England Dental Partners 

- 

4,500 

Passageways, Inc. 

- 

- 

Pepper Palace, Inc. 

2,000 

2,000 

Pepper Palace, Inc. - Revolver 

2,500 

2,500 

Procurement Partners, LLC 

1,000 

- 

Zollege PBC 

1,000 

1,000 

48,973 

29,370 

Total 

108 ,771 

83,370 

The Company believes its assets will provide adequate
coverage to satisfy these unfunded commitments. As of February 28, 2023, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 65.7 million and
 31.1 million in available borrowings under the Encina Credit Facility. 

107 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our business activities contain elements of market
risk. We consider our principal market risk to be the fluctuation in interest rates. Managing this risk is essential to our business.
Accordingly, we have systems and procedures designed to identify and analyze our risks, to establish appropriate policies and thresholds
and to continually monitor this risk and thresholds by means of administrative and information technology systems and other policies and
processes. In addition, U.S. and global capital markets and credit markets have experienced a higher level of stress due to the global
COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in an increase in the level of volatility across such markets and a general decline in value of
the securities held by us. 

Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity
of our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, including relative changes in different interest rates, variability of
spread relationships, the difference in re-pricing intervals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may
have on our cash flows. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between
the interest income earned on interest earning assets and our interest expense incurred in connection with our interest-bearing debt and
liabilities. Changes in interest rates can also affect, among other things, our ability to acquire leveraged loans, high yield bonds and
other debt investments and the value of our investment portfolio. 

Our investment income is affected by fluctuations
in various interest rates, including LIBOR, SOFR, and the prime rate. Substantially all of our portfolio is, and we expect will continue
to be, comprised of floating rate investments that utilize LIBOR. Since March 2022, the Federal Reserve has been rapidly raising interest
rates and has indicated that it would consider additional rate hikes in response to ongoing inflation concerns. In a rising interest rate
environment, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income if there is not a corresponding increase in
interest income generated by our investment portfolio. It is possible that the Federal Reserve s tightening cycle could result the United
States into a recession, which would likely decrease interest rates. A prolonged reduction in interest rates will reduce our gross investment
income and could result in a decrease in our net investment income if such decreases in base rates, such as LIBOR and SOFR, are not offset
by corresponding increases in the spread over such base rates that we earn on any portfolio investments, a decrease in in our operating
expenses, including with respect to our income incentive fee, or a decrease in the interest rate of our floating interest rate liabilities
tied to LIBOR. Our interest expense is affected by fluctuations in SOFR on our Encina Credit Facility. In addition, substantially all
of our assets have LIBOR transition language to include the use of an acceptable replacement rate, such as SOFR. 

At February 28, 2023, we had 695.9 million of
borrowings outstanding. There were 32.5 million borrowings outstanding under the Encina Credit Facility as of February 28, 2023. As
of February 28, 2023, on a fair value basis, approximately 1 of our debt investments bear interest at a fixed-rate and approximately
1 of our debt investments bear interest at a floating rate. As of February 28, 2023, 0 of our floating rate debt investments are subject
to interest rate floors. Additionally, the Encina Credit Facility also is subject to a floating interest rate and is currently paid based
on floating LIBOR or Term SOFR rate. 

We have analyzed the potential impact of changes
in interest rates on interest income from investments. Assuming that our investments as of February 28, 2023 were to remain constant for
a full fiscal year and no actions were taken to alter the existing interest rate terms, a hypothetical change of a 1.0 increase in interest
rates would cause a corresponding increase of approximately 8.5 million to our interest income. Conversely, a hypothetical change of
a 1.0 decrease in interest rates would cause a corresponding decrease of approximately 8.5 million to our interest income. 

Changes in interest rates would have no impact
to our current interest and debt financing expense, as all our borrowings except for our credit facility are fixed rate, and our credit
facility is currently undrawn. 

Although management believes that this measure
is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for potential changes in credit quality, size and composition
of the assets on the statements of assets and liabilities and other business developments that could magnify or diminish our sensitivity
to interest rate changes, nor does it account for divergences in LIBOR and the commercial paper rate, which have historically moved in
tandem but, in times of unusual credit dislocations, have experienced periods of divergence. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that
actual results would not materially differ from the potential outcome simulated by this estimate. 

108 

For further information, the following table shows
the approximate annualized increase or decrease in the components of net investment income due to hypothetical base rate changes in interest
rates, assuming no changes in our investments and borrowings as of February 28, 2023. 

Increase 

(Increase) 

Increase 

Increase 

Increase 

Basis 

(Decrease) 

Decrease 

(Decrease) in Net 

(Decrease) in Net 

(Decrease) in Net 

Point 

in Interest 

in Interest 

Investment 

Investment 

Investment 

Change 

Income 

Expense 

Income 

Income 

Income per Share 

in thousands) 

-100 

(8,514) 

325 

(8,189) 

(6,551) 

(0.55) 
 
 -50 

(4,257) 

163 

(4,094) 

(3,275) 

(0.27) 
 
 -25 

(2,129) 

81 

(2,048) 

(1,638) 

(0.14) 
 
 25 

2,129 

(81) 

2,048 

1,638 

0.14 

50 

4,257 

(163) 

4,094 

3,275 

0.27 

100 

8,514 

(325) 

8,189 

6,551 

0.55 

200 

17,029 

(650) 

16,379 

13,103 

1.09 

300 

25,543 

(975) 

24,568 

19,654 

1.64 

400 

34,057 

(1,300) 

32,757 

26,206 

2.19 

Adjusts
Net Interest Income for the impact of the first incentive fee on Net Investment Income 

The table above assumes no defaults or prepayments
by portfolio companies over the next twelve months. The hypothetical results would also be impacted by the changes in the amount of debt
outstanding under our Encina Credit Facility, with an increase (decrease) in the debt outstanding under the Encina Credit Facility resulting
in an (increase) decrease in the hypothetical interest expense. 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our consolidated financial statements are annexed
to this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. In addition, the Financial Statements of Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. are annexed
to this Annual Report beginning on page S-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation,
our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective
in facilitating timely decisions regarding required disclosure of any material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed
by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible controls and procedures. 

109 

Management s annual report on internal control over financial
reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the
Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that the
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with polices
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the Company s evaluation under the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013), management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of February 28, 2023. 

Changes in internal controls over financial reporting 

There have been no changes in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of Exchange Act) that occurred during our most
recently completed fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

110 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Director and Executive Officer Information 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the names, ages
and positions held by each of our directors, followed by a brief biography of each individual, including the business experience of each
individual during the past five years and the specific qualifications that led to the conclusion that each individual should serve as
a director. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Director Since 
 Term Expires 
 
 Interested Directors 

Christian L. Oberbeck 
 63 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 2010 
 2024 
 
 Henri J. Steenkamp 
 47 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 2020 
 2023 
 
 Independent Directors 

Steven M. Looney 
 73 
 Director 
 2007 
 2025 
 
 Charles S. Whitman III 
 81 
 Director 
 2007 
 2025 
 
 G. Cabell Williams 
 69 
 Director 
 2007 
 2023 

Christian L. Oberbeck Mr.
Oberbeck has over 36 years of experience in leveraged finance, including acquisition financing, distressed investing, and private equity,
and has been involved in originating, structuring, negotiating, consummating, managing, operating, and monitoring minority and control
investments in a broad array of businesses. Mr. Oberbeck is the Founder and Managing Member of Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC, the
Company s investment adviser, and has served as the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President of the Company
since 2010. Mr. Oberbeck is also the Managing Partner of Saratoga Partners, a middle-market private equity investment firm. Prior to assuming
full management responsibility for Saratoga Partners in 2008, Mr. Oberbeck had co-managed Saratoga Partners since 1995. Mr. Oberbeck joined
Dillon Read and Saratoga Partners from Castle Harlan, Inc., a corporate buyout firm which he had joined at its founding in 1987 and was
a Managing Director, leading successful investments in manufacturing and financial services companies. Prior to that, he worked in the
Corporate Development Group of Arthur Young and in corporate finance at Blyth Eastman Paine Webber. Mr. Oberbeck has been a director of
numerous middle-market companies. Mr. Oberbeck graduated from Brown University in 1982 with a BS in Physics and a BA in Mathematics. In
1985, he earned an MBA from Columbia University. Mr. Oberbeck s qualifications as a director include his extensive experience in
the investment and finance industry, as well as his intimate knowledge of the Company s operations gained through his service as
an executive officer. 

Steven M. Looney Mr. Looney
has served as member of our Board since 2007. Mr. Looney is a Managing Director of Peale Davies Co. Inc., a strategic advisory firm
specializing in change management and revenue enhancement for middle-market enterprises, is a Director and Audit Chair of ICG Loan Funding
Ltd., an investment company specializing in corporate debt, and is a CPA and an attorney. Mr. Looney has served as a consultant and director
to numerous companies in the healthcare, manufacturing and services industries. Between 2000 and 2005, he served as Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of PCCI, Inc., a private IT staffing and outsourcing firm. Between 1992 and 2000, Mr. Looney worked at WH
Industries as Chief Financial and Administrative Officer. Mr. Looney is a trustee of Excellent Education for Everyone, a nonprofit organization
and founder of its affiliate, Education Moms and a director of ICG Loan Funding Ltd., a manager of and investor in collateralized loan
portfolios in Europe and the United States. Mr. Looney graduated summa cum laude from the University of Washington with a B.A. degree
in accounting and received a J.D. from the University of Washington School of Law where he was a member of the law review. He began his
career at the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Mr. Looney s qualifications as director include his experience as
a Managing Director of Peale Davies Co., as Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of WH Industries and as General Counsel and
Chief Compliance Officer of A.G. Becker-Warburg Paribas Becker, as well as his financial, accounting and legal expertise. 

Charles S. Whitman III Mr.
Whitman has served as member of our Board since 2007. Mr. Whitman is senior counsel (retired) at Davis Polk Wardwell LLP. Mr. Whitman
was a partner in Davis Polk s Corporate Department for 28 years, representing clients in a broad range of corporate finance matters,
including shelf registrations, securities compliance for financial institutions, foreign asset privatizations, and mergers and acquisitions.
From 1971 to 1973, Mr. Whitman served as Executive Assistant to three successive Chairmen of the SEC. Mr. Whitman graduated from Harvard
College and graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School with a LL.B. Mr. Whitman also received an LL.M. from Cambridge University
in England. Mr. Whitman s qualifications as director include his 28 years of experience representing clients, including AT T,
Exxon Mobil, General Motors and BP, in securities matters as a partner in Davis Polk s corporate department. 

111 

Henri J. Steenkamp Mr. Steenkamp
has served as the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company since 2014, and as a director
of the Company since 2020. Mr. Steenkamp has served as Treasurer and Secretary of Saratoga Investment Advisors LLC, the Company s
investment adviser, since 2014. Mr. Steenkamp has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of MF Global Holdings Ltd., a broker in commodities
and derivatives, from April 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Steenkamp held the position of Chief Accounting Officer and Global Controller at
MF Global for four years. He joined MF Global, then Man Financial, in 2006 as Vice President of External Reporting and Accounting Policy.
After MF Global filed for bankruptcy protection in October 2011, he continued to serve as Chief Financial Officer through January 2013.
Before joining MF Global, Mr. Steenkamp spent eight years with PricewaterhouseCoopers PwC ), including four years in Transaction
Services in its New York office, managing a variety of capital-raising transactions on a global basis. His focus was also on the SEC registration
and public company filing process, including technical accounting. He spent four years with PwC in South Africa, where he served as an
auditor primarily for SEC registrants and assisted South African companies as they went public in the U.S. Mr. Steenkamp is a chartered
accountant and holds an honors degree in Finance. Mr. Steenkamp s qualifications as a director include his extensive experience
in the investment and finance industry, as well as his intimate knowledge of the Company s operations gained through his service
as an executive officer. 

G. Cabell Williams Mr. Williams
has served as member of our Board since 2007. Mr. Williams has served as the Managing General Partner of Williams and Gallagher, a private
equity partnership located in Chevy Chase, Maryland since 2004. Mr. Williams is a Partner, Senior Manager and Director of Farragut Capital
Partners, which is a Mezzanine Fund based out of Chevy Chase, Maryland. In 2004, Mr. Williams concluded a 23-year career at Allied Capital
Corporation, a business development company based in Washington, DC, which was acquired by Ares Capital Corporation in 2010. While at
Allied, Mr. Williams held a variety of positions, including President, CIO and finally Managing Director following Allied s merger
with its affiliates in 1998. From 1991 to 2004, Mr. Williams either led or co-managed the firm s Private Equity Group. For the nine
years prior to 1999, Mr. Williams led Allied s Mezzanine investment activities. For 15 years, Mr. Williams served on Allied s
Investment Committee where he was responsible for reviewing and approving all of the firm s investments. Prior to 1991, Mr. Williams
ran Allied s Minority Small Business Investment Company. He also founded Allied Capital Commercial Corporation, a real estate investment
vehicle. Mr. Williams has served on the board of directors of various public and private companies. Mr. Williams attended The Landon School,
and graduated from Mercersburg Academy and Rollins College, receiving a B.S. in Business Administration from the latter. Mr. Williams 
qualifications as director include his 28 years of experience managing investment activities at Allied Capital, where he served in a variety
of positions, including President, CIO and Managing Director. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics which applies to, among others, our executive officers, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as well as every officer, director and employee of the Company. Requests for copies should be sent in writing to Saratoga Investment Corp.,
535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. The Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is also available on our website
at www.saratogainvestmentcorp.com. 

If we make any substantive amendment to, or grant
a waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver
on our website at www.saratogainvestmentcorp.com. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our shares, to file reports of securities ownership and
changes in such ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 shareholders also are required by SEC rules to furnish
the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based solely on the Company s
review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by such persons and information provided by the Company s directors and officers, the Company believes
that during the year ended February 28, 2023, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to such persons were met in a timely manner,
with the following inadvertent exceptions: Christian L. Oberbeck filed late a Form 4 with respect to one transaction in our shares during
the reporting period. 

112 

Practices and Policies Regarding Hedging, Speculative
Trading and Pledging of Securities 

Our insider trading policy generally prohibits
the Company s and our Investment Adviser s directors, officers and employees from engaging in any short-term trading, short
sales and other speculative transactions involving our securities, including buying or selling puts or calls or other derivative securities
based on our securities. In addition, such persons are generally prohibited under our insider trading policy from entering into hedging
or monetization transactions or similar arrangements, as well as pledging our securities in a margin account or as collateral for a loan,
except in limited circumstances that are pre-approved by our chief compliance officer. 

Nomination of Directors 

There have been no material changes to the procedures
by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors implemented since the filing of our Proxy Statement for our 2018
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Audit Committee 

The current members of the audit committee are
Steven M. Looney (Chairman), Charles S. Whitman III and G. Cabell Williams. The board of directors has determined that Mr. Looney is an
 audit committee financial expert as defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act and that each of Messrs.
Whitman and Williams are financially literate as required by NYSE corporate governance standards. All of these members are
independent directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Compensation 

Currently, none of our executive officers are
compensated by us. We currently have no employees, and each of our executive officers is also an employee of Saratoga Investment Advisors.
Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of Saratoga Investment Advisors, pursuant to the terms
of the Management Agreement and the Administration Agreement. 

Director Compensation 

Our independent directors receive an annual fee
of 70,000. They also receive 3,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each
board meeting and receive 1,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each committee
meeting. In addition, the chairman of the audit committee receives an annual fee of 12,500 and the chairman of each other committee receives
an annual fee of 6,000 for their additional services in these capacities. In addition, we have purchased directors and officers 
liability insurance on behalf of our directors and officers. Independent directors have the option to receive their directors fees
in the form of our common stock issued at a price per share equal to the greater of NAV or the market price at the time of payment. No
compensation is paid to directors who are interested persons. 

The following table sets forth information concerning
total compensation earned by or paid to each of our directors during the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023: 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 

Total 

Interested Directors 

Christian L. Oberbeck(1) 

- 

- 

Henri J. Steenkamp(1) 

- 

- 

Independent Directors 

Steven M. Looney 

143,000 

143,000 

Charles S. Whitman III 

135,000 

135,000 

G. Cabell Williams 

135,000 

135,000 

(1) No
compensation was paid to directors who are interested persons of us as defined in the 1940 Act. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The current members of the compensation committee
are G. Cabell Williams (Chairman), Steven M. Looney and Charles S. Whitman III. All of these members are independent directors. The compensation
committee is responsible for overseeing the Company s compensation policies generally and making recommendations to the board of
directors with respect to incentive compensation and equity-based plans of the Company that are subject to board of directors approval,
evaluating executive officer performance and reviewing the Company s management succession plan, overseeing and setting compensation
for the Company s directors and, as applicable, its executive officers and, as applicable, preparing the report on executive officer
compensation that SEC rules require to be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Currently, none of our executive officers are compensated
by the Company and as such the compensation committee is not required to produce a report on executive officer compensation for inclusion
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

113 

During fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 none
of the Company s executive officers served on the board of directors (or a compensation committee thereof or other board committee
performing equivalent functions) of any entities that had one or more executive officers serve on the compensation committee or on the
board of directors. No current or past executive officers or employees of the Company or its affiliates serve on the compensation committee. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of May 1,
2023, the beneficial ownership of each current director, the nominees for director, the Company s executive officers, each person
known to us to beneficially own 5.0 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and the executive officers and directors
as a group. 

The percentage ownership is based on 12,124,175
shares of common stock outstanding as of May 1, 2022. Shares of common stock that are subject to warrants or other convertible securities
currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days thereof, are deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership
of the person holding these options or convertible securities, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power
with respect to securities. To our knowledge, unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, the persons and entities named
in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned. Unless otherwise indicated by
footnote, the address for each listed individual is Saratoga Investment Corp., 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

Name of Beneficial Owners 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Interested Directors 

Christian L. Oberbeck 
 1,523,516 (1) 
 12.8 
 
 Henri J. Steenkamp 
 28,459 

Independent Directors 

Steven M. Looney 
 3,758 

Charles S. Whitman III 
 4,029 

G. Cabell Williams 
 81,544 

All Directors as a Group 
 1,641,306 
 13.8 
 
 Owners of 5 or more of our common stock 

Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C.(2) 
 951,340 
 8.0 
 
 Elizabeth Oberbeck(3) 
 549,183 
 4.6 
 
 Thomas V. Inglesby 
 350,236 
 3.0 
 
 Michael J. Grisius 
 167,216 
 1.4 

Less
than 1.0 

Mr. Oberbeck, Mr. Grisius and Mr. Inglesby are affiliates who make
up 17.2 of the ownership of SAR. 

(1) 
 Includes 644,248 shares of common stock directly held by Mr. Oberbeck, 217,774 shares of common stock held by CLO Partners LLC, an entity wholly owned by Mr. Oberbeck, 67,465 shares of common stock directly held by Mr. Oberbeck s children, for which Mr. Oberbeck retains the voting rights, 1,318 shares of common stock directly held by Mr. Oberbeck s wife, for which Mr. Oberbeck retains the voting rights, and 549,183 shares of common stock directly held by Elizabeth Oberbeck. See footnote 3 below. 

(2) 
 Based on information included in Form 13F filed by Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C. with the SEC on December 31, 2022. The address of Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C. 2187 Atlantic Street, 9th floor, Stamford, CT 06902 

(3) 
 Based on information included in Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13D filed on January 16, 2020, which amends and supplements the statements on Schedule 13D originally filed with the Securities and Exchange filed jointly by Christian L. Oberbeck, Elizabeth Oberbeck, Saratoga Investment Advisors and CLO Partners LLC on November 4, 2014. Pursuant to an Agreement Relating to Shares of Common Stock of Saratoga Investment Corp. (the Transfer Agreement ), Christian L. Oberbeck transferred 744,183 shares of common stock beneficially owned by him to Elizabeth Oberbeck. Elizabeth Oberbeck has full ownership rights with respect to the shares, including without limitation, the right to (A) receive any cash and/or stock dividends and distributions paid on or with respect to the shares and (B) sell the shares in accordance with the provisions of the Transfer Agreement and receive all proceeds therefrom. However, pursuant to the terms of the Transfer Agreement, Christian L. Oberbeck has retained the right to vote the shares, except that Elizabeth Oberbeck has retained the right to vote the shares on all matters submitted to shareholders with respect to any matter that could give rise to dissenters or other rights of an objecting shareholder under Maryland General Corporation Law. The Transfer Agreement also contains a right of first refusal that requires Elizabeth Oberbeck to offer Christian L. Oberbeck the opportunity to purchase any shares of Common Stock owned by her prior to her intended sale of the shares. Any such purchases may be made either directly by Mr. Oberbeck or through entities affiliated with him. 

114 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Persons 

We have entered into a Management Agreement with
Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC. We have also entered into a license agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC, pursuant to which
Saratoga Investment Advisors has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Saratoga. In addition,
pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC provides us with the office facilities and administrative
services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. Mr. Oberbeck, our chief executive officer, is the primary investor in and controls
Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC. 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

The Audit Committee of our board is required to
review and approve any transactions with related persons (as such term is defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K). 

Director Independence 

In accordance with rules of the NYSE, the board
of directors annually determines the independence of each director. No director is considered independent unless the board of directors
has determined that he or she has no material relationship with the Company. The Company monitors the status of its directors and officers
through the activities of the Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and through a questionnaire to be completed
by each director no less frequently than annually, with updates periodically if information provided in the most recent questionnaire
has changed. 

In order to evaluate the materiality of any such
relationship, the board of directors uses the definition of director independence set forth in the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Section
303A.00 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual provides that business development companies, or BDCs, such as the Company, are required to
comply with all of the provisions of Section 303A applicable to domestic issuers other than Sections 303A.02, the section that defines
director independence. 

Section 303A.00 provides that a director of a
BDC shall be considered to be independent if he or she is not an interested person of the Company, as defined in Section
2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act defines an interested person to include, among other things,
any person who has, or within the last two years had, a material business or professional relationship with the Company. 

The board of directors has determined that each
of the directors is independent and has no relationship with the Company, except as a director and stockholder of the Company, with the
exception of Messrs. Oberbeck and Grisius who are interested persons of the Company due to their positions as officers of the Company
and its Investment Adviser. 

115 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

For the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the Company incurred the following fees for services provided by Ernst Young LLP, including expenses: 

Fiscal Year 
 Ended 
 February 28, 
 2023 
 Fiscal Year 
 Ended 
 February 28, 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 584,500 
 513,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 46,200 
 43,650 
 
 Total Fees 
 630,700 
 556,650 

In addition to the services listed
above, Ernst Young LLP provided audit services to the Company s subsidiaries. The following are the related fees: 

Fiscal Year 
 Ended 
 February 28, 
 2023 
 Fiscal Year 
 Ended 
 February 28, 
 2022 
 
 CLO Audit Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Services for Company s Subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 97,750 
 89,000 
 
 Total Fees 
 97,750 
 89,000 

Audit Fees . Audit fees include fees for
services that normally would be provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements and that
generally only the independent accountant can provide. In addition to fees for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements,
the audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and the review of our quarterly consolidated financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, this category contains fees for comfort letters, statutory audits,
consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees include services in
conjunction with preparation of the Company s tax return. 

All Other Fees . Fees for other services
would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

It is the policy of the audit committee to pre-approve
all audit, review or attest engagements and permissible non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting
firm. 

116 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following documents are filed or incorporated
by reference as part of this Annual Report: 

1. Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements
of the Company are filed herewith: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of February 28,
2023 and February 28, 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of February 28,
2023 and February 28, 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

Reference is made to the Index to Other Financial
Statements on page S-1. 

117 

3. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this
report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1(a) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Saratoga Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2007). 

3.1(b) 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Saratoga Investment Corp.
 (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 3, 2010). 

3.1(c) 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Saratoga Investment Corp.
 (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 13, 2010). 

3.2 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Saratoga Investment
 Corp. (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed January 6, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate of Saratoga Investment Corp. s
 common stock, par value 0.001 per share. (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Registration Statement
 on Form N-2, File No. 333-169135, filed on September 1, 2010). 

4.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated July 30, 2010 between
 GSC Investment Corp., GSC CDO III L.L.C., and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2010). 

4.3 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference
 to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2014). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Indenture by and between the Company and U.S.
 Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Pre-Effective Amendment No.
 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, File No. 333-186323 filed April 30, 2013). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Articles Supplementary Establishing and Fixing
 the Rights and Preferences of Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s registration statement
 on Form N-2 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1, File No. 333-196526, filed on December 5, 2014). 

4.6 
 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture
 between Saratoga Investment Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to 7.75 Notes due 2025 (incorporated
 by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Quarterly Report 
 on Form 10-Q, filed on January 10, 2023). 

4.7 
 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture
 between Saratoga Investment Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to 6.25 Notes due 2027 (incorporated
 by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on January 10, 2023). 

4.8 
 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture between the Saratoga
 Investment Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.375 Note due 2026 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00732) filed on March 10, 2021). 

4.9 
 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture between Saratoga Investment
 Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.375 Note due 2027 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00732) filed on January 19, 2022). 

4.10 
 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture between Saratoga
 Investment Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 6.00 Note due 2027 (incorporated by reference to
 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00732) filed on April 27, 2022). 

4.11 
 
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture between Saratoga Investment
 Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee,
 relating to the 7.00 Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on
 January 10, 2023). 

4.12 
 
 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture between Saratoga Investment
 Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 8.00 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference
 to the Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 813-00732) filed on October 27, 2022). 

4.13 
 
 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture between Saratoga
 Investment Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association),
 as trustee, relating to the 8.125 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K,
 filed on December 13, 2022). 

4.14 
 
 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture between Saratoga Investment Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee, relating to the 8.50 Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2023). 

118 

4.15 
 
 Form of 7.75 Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.6 hereto). 

4.16 
 
 Form of 6.25 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.7 hereto). 

4.17 
 
 Form of 4.375 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.8 hereto). 

4.18 
 
 Form of 4.375 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.9 hereto). 

4.19 
 
 Form of 6.00 Notes due
 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 hereto). 

4.20 
 
 Form of 7.00 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.11 hereto). 

4.21 
 
 Form of 8.00 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.12 hereto). 

4.22 
 
 Form of 8.125 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.13 hereto). 

4.23 
 
 Form of 8.50 Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 hereto). 

4.24 
 
 Description of Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement dated
 July 30, 2010 between GSC Investment Corp. and Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment
 Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2010). 

10.2 
 
 Custodian Agreement dated March 21, 2007 between GSC Investment LLC and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2007). 

10.3 
 
 Administration Agreement dated July 30, 2010 between
 GSC Investment Corp. and Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2010). 

10.4 
 
 Trademark License Agreement dated July 30, 2010 between
 Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC and GSC Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2010). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Saratoga
 Investment Corp. and each officer and director of Saratoga Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to Saratoga
 Investment Corp. s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed on January 12, 2007). 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of November
 15, 2016, among Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd., Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association.
 (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Registration Statement on Form N-2, File No. 333-216344, filed on
 February 28, 2017). 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Collateral Management Agreement,
 dated February 26, 2021, by and between Saratoga Investment Corp. and Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. (incorporated by
 reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Collateral Administration Agreement,
 dated February 26, 2021, by and between Saratoga Investment Corp., Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. and U.S. Bank National
 Association (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2021). 

119 

10.10 
 
 Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October
 4, 2021, by and among Saratoga Investment Funding II, LLC, Saratoga Investment Corp., as collateral manager and equityholder, the
 lenders party thereto, Encina Lender Finance, LLC, as administrative agent for the secured parties and the collateral agent, and
 U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian for the secured parties thereto and as collateral administrator (incorporated
 by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated July 30, 2021,
 by and among Saratoga Investment Corp. and Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC, on the one hand, and Ladenburg Thalmann 
 Co. Inc. and Compass Point Research Trading, LLC, on the other hand (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October
 4, 2021, by and among Saratoga Investment Funding II, LLC, Saratoga Investment Corp., as collateral manager and equityholder, the
 lenders party thereto, Encina Lender Finance, LLC, as administrative agent for the secured parties and the collateral agent, and
 U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian for the secured parties thereto and as collateral administrator (incorporated
 by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement,
 dated as of January 27, 2023, by and among Saratoga Investment Fund II LLC, as borrower, Saratoga Investment Corp., as equityholder
 and as collateral manager, the lenders party thereto, Encina Lender Finance, LLC, as administrative agent and as collateral agent,
 U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (successor in interest to U.S. Bank
 National Association), as collateral administrator (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report
 on Form 8-K, filed on February 2, 2023). 

10.12 
 
 Equity Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2021,
 by and between Saratoga Investment Corp. and Encina Lender Finance, LLC, as collateral agent for the secured parties thereto (incorporated
 by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Loan Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of October
 4, 2021, by and between Saratoga Investment Corp., as seller, and Saratoga Investment Funding II LLC, as purchaser (incorporated
 by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between Saratoga Investment Corp. and TJHA JV I LLC (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2021) . 

10.15 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement by and between Saratoga Investment Corp. and the purchaser party thereto, dated July 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 4, 2022). 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics of the Company adopted under Rule 17j-1 (incorporated by reference to Amendment No.7 to Saratoga Investment Corp. s Registration Statement on Form N-2, File No. 333-138051, filed on March 22, 2007). 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP for Saratoga Investment Corp. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of CohnReznick LLP for Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.1350) 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

120 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

SARATOGA INVESTMENT CORP. 

Date: May 2, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ CHRISTIAN L. OBERBECK 

Christian L. Oberbeck 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ HENRI J. STEENKAMP 

Henri J. Steenkamp 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENT, that each
person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Christian L. Oberbeck and Henri J. Steenkamp, and each of them (with
full power to each of them to act alone), his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this report and any and all amendments thereto, and to
file the same, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority
to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents
and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their
substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ CHRISTIAN L. OBERBECK 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Christian L. Oberbeck 
 
 Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ HENRI J. STEENKAMP 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Henri J. Steenkamp 
 
 Principal Financial Officer), Member of the Board of Directors 

/s/ STEVEN M. LOONEY 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Steven M. Looney 

/s/ CHARLES S. WHITMAN III 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Charles S. Whitman III 

/s/ G. CABELL WILLIAMS 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Cabell Williams 

121 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

PAGE Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 00042 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 F-7 Consolidated Schedule of Investment for the year ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-32 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

The Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Saratoga Investment
Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets
and liabilities of Saratoga Investment Corp. (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of February
28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended February 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 28, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal controls over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included
confirmation of investments owned as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 by correspondence with the portfolio companies, custodians
and debt agents. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective
or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical
audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which is relates. 

Valuation of investments using significant unobservable inputs 

Description of the Matter 

At February 28, 2023, the fair value of the Company s investments categorized
 in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Level 3 investments) totaled 959,483,302. Management determines the fair value of these investments
 by applying the valuation techniques described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements and using significant unobservable
 inputs and assumptions. The selection of the valuation techniques and the significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used by management
 requires subjective judgments and estimates. The valuation techniques used by the Company include market comparables, collateral value
 coverage, discounted cash flows and enterprise value waterfalls. The significant unobservable inputs used to measure fair value include
 market yields, EBITDA multiples, revenue multiples, net asset value, third-party bids, discount rates, recovery rates and prepayment rates. 
 
 Auditing the fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was complex
 and involved auditor judgment, as the valuation techniques selected and the significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used by the
 Company are highly judgmental and require estimation, and the selection of such techniques, inputs and assumptions has a significant effect
 on the fair value measurement of such investments. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

To test the valuation of the Company s Level 3 investments, we
 gained an understanding of the valuation techniques, significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used by the Company to value the
 Level 3 investments and reviewed the information considered by the Board of Directors relating to the fair value of each investment. For
 a sample of Level 3 investments, we evaluated the valuation techniques used, tested the significant unobservable inputs and assumptions,
 and tested the mathematical accuracy of the related valuation models. For this sample of Level 3 investments, we agreed the significant
 inputs and underlying data used in the Company s valuations (for example, deal terms, portfolio company operating results, market
 yields, third-party bids) to transaction agreements, most recently available portfolio company financial statements or other financial
 information, information available from third-party sources and market data, as applicable. We involved our valuation specialists to assist
 in developing independent estimates of fair value for a sample of investments by using portfolio company and market information, and we
 compared such estimates to the Company s fair value of these investments. We also searched for and evaluated information that corroborated
 or contradicted the Company s valuations of Level 3 investments. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. New York, May 2, 2023 

F- 3 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 

ASSETS 

Investments at fair value 

Non-control/Non-affiliate investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Affiliate investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Control investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Total investments at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts 

Interest receivable (net of reserve of and , respectively) 

Due from affiliate (See Note 7) 
 -

Management fee receivable 

Other assets 

Current tax receivable 
 
 -

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Revolving credit facility 

Deferred debt financing costs, revolving credit facility 

SBA debentures payable 

Deferred debt financing costs, SBA debentures payable 

7.00 Notes Payable 2025 
 
 -

Discount on notes payable 2025 
 
 -

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2025 
 
 -

7.25 Notes Payable 2025 
 -

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2025 
 -

7.75 Notes Payable 2025 

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2025 

4.375 Notes Payable 2026 

Premium on notes payable 2026 

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2026 

4.35 Notes Payable 2027 

Discount on notes payable 2027 

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2027 

6.25 Notes Payable 2027 

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2027 

6.00 Notes Payable 2027 
 
 -

Discount on notes payable 2027 
 
 -

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2027 
 
 -

8.00 Notes Payable 2027 
 
 -

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2027 
 
 -

8.125 Notes Payable 2027 
 
 -

Deferred debt financing costs, notes payable 2027 
 
 -

Base management and incentive fees payable 

Deferred tax liability 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Current income tax payable 
 -

Interest and debt fees payable 

Directors fees payable 

Due to manager 

Excise tax payable 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 9) 

NET ASSETS 

Common stock, par value , common shares authorized, and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Capital in excess of par value 

Total distributable earnings 

Total net assets 

Total liabilities and net assets 

NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the year ended 

February 28, 
 2023 
 February 28, 
 2022 
 February 28, 
 2021 
 
 INVESTMENT INCOME 

Interest from investments 

Interest income: 

Non-control/Non-affiliate investments 

Affiliate investments 

Control investments 

Payment-in-kind interest income: 

Non-control/Non-affiliate investments 

Affiliate investments 
 
 -

Control investments 

Total interest from investments 

Interest from cash and cash equivalents 

Management fee income 

Dividend Income 

Structuring and advisory fee income 

Other income 

Total investment income 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Interest and debt financing expenses 

Base management fees 

Incentive management fees expense (benefit) 

Professional fees 

Administrator expenses 

Insurance 

Directors fees and expenses 

General and administrative 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Excise tax expense (credit) 

Total operating expenses 

NET INVESTMENT INCOME 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments: 

Non-control/Non-affiliate investments 

Affiliate investments 
 -

Control investments 
 -

-

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 

Income tax (provision) benefit from realized gain on investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments: 

Non-control/Non-affiliate investments 

Affiliate investments 

Control investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE - BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

For the year ended 

February 28, 
 2023 
 February 28, 
 2022 
 February 28, 
 2021 
 
 INCREASE (DECREASE) FROM OPERATIONS: 

Net investment income 

Net realized gain from investments 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 

Income tax (provision) benefit from realized gain on investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

DECREASE FROM SHAREHOLDER DISTRIBUTIONS: 

Total distributions to shareholders 

Net decrease in net assets from shareholder distributions 

CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 -

- 
 
 Stock dividend distribution 

Repurchases of common stock 

Repurchase fees 

Offering costs 
 -

- 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets from capital share transactions 

Total increase (decrease) in net assets 

Net assets at beginning of period 

Net assets at end of period 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the year ended 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 February 28, 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS TO NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Payment-in-kind and other adjustments to cost 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

Amortization of deferred debt financing costs 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net realized (gain) loss from investments 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

Proceeds from sales and repayments of investments 

Purchases of investments 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Interest receivable 

Due from affiliate 

Management fee receivable 

Other assets 

Current income tax receivable 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Base management and incentive fees payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Current tax payable 

- 
 
 Interest and debt fees payable 

Directors fees payable 

Excise tax payable 

Due to manager 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Financing activities 

Borrowings on debt 

Paydowns on debt 

Issuance of notes 

Repayments of notes 

- 
 
 Payments of deferred debt financing costs 

Discount on debt issuance, 6.00 notes 2027

-
 
 - 
 
 Discount on debt issuance, 7.00 notes 2025

-
 
 - 
 
 Premium on debt issuance, notes 2026 
 -

- 
 
 Discount on debt issuance, notes 2027 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 -

- 
 
 Payments of cash dividends 

Repurchases of common stock 

Repurchases fees 

Payments of offering costs 
 -

- 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESERVE ACCOUNTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESERVE ACCOUNTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESERVE ACCOUNTS, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental information: 

Interest paid during the period 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental non-cash information: 

Payment-in-kind interest income and other adjustments to cost 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

Amortization of deferred debt financing costs 

Stock dividend distribution 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Investment
 Interest Rate/ 
 Maturity 
 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 

Cost 

Fair
 Value (c) 

of 
 Net Assets 

Non-control/Non-affiliate
 investments - 238.5 (b) 

Altvia MidCo, LLC. 
 
 Alternative Investment Management Software 
 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Altvia
 MidCo, LLC. (h) 
 
 Alternative Investment Management
 Software 
 
 Series A-1 Preferred Shares 

Total Alternative Investment
 Management Software 

Artemis Wax Corp. (d)(j) 
 
 Consumer Services 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (1M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Artemis
 Wax Corp. (h) 
 
 Consumer Services 
 
 Series B-1 Preferred Stock 

Artemis
 Wax Corp. (h) 
 
 Consumer Services 
 
 Series D Preferred Stock 

Total Consumer Services 

Schoox,
 Inc. (h), (i) 
 
 Corporate Education Software 
 
 Series 1 Membership Interest 

Total Corporate Education
 Software 

GreyHeller
 LLC (h) 
 
 Cyber Security 
 
 Common Stock 

Total Cyber Security 

F- 8 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (c) 
 of Net Assets 

New England Dental Partners 
 Dental Practice Management 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

New England Dental Partners 
 Dental Practice Management 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Gen4 Dental Partners Holdings, LLC (j) 
 Dental Practice Management 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 
 
 -

-

Gen4 Dental Partners Holdings, LLC (i) 
 Dental Practice Management 
 Series A Preferred Units 

Total Dental Practice Management 

Exigo, LLC (d) 
 Direct Selling Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Exigo, LLC (j) 
 Direct Selling Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 -
 
 -

Exigo, LLC (j) 
 Direct Selling Software 
 Revolving Credit Facility (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Exigo, LLC (h), (i) 
 Direct Selling Software 
 Common Units 

Total Direct Selling Software 

C2 Educational Systems (d) 
 Education Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

C2 Education Systems, Inc. (h) 
 Education Services 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

Zollege PBC 
 Education Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Zollege PBC (j) 
 Education Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Zollege PBC (h) 
 Education Services 
 Class A Units 

Total Education Services 

Destiny Solutions Inc. (h), (i) 
 Education Software 
 Limited Partner Interests 

F- 9 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (c) 
 of Net Assets 

GoReact 
 Education Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

GoReact (j) 
 Education Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Identity Automation Systems (h) 
 Education Software 
 Common Stock Class A-2 Units 

Identity Automation Systems (h) 
 Education Software 
 Common Stock Class A-1 Units 

Ready Education 
 Education Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Total Education Software 

TG Pressure Washing Holdings, LLC (h) 
 Facilities Maintenance 
 Preferred Equity 

Total Facilities Maintenance 

Davisware, LLC 
 Field Service Management 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Davisware, LLC 
 Field Service Management 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Total Field Service Management 

B. Riley Financial, Inc. (a) 
 Financial Services 
 Senior Unsecured Loan Cash, 

GDS Software Holdings, LLC 
 Financial Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

GDS Software Holdings, LLC 
 Financial Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+7.00 ), 11.97 Cash, 12/30/2026 

F- 10 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (c) 
 of Net Assets 

GDS Software Holdings, LLC (h) 
 Financial Services 
 Common Stock Class A Units 

Total Financial Services 

Ascend Software, LLC 
 Financial Services Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Ascend Software, LLC (j) 
 Financial Services Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total Financial Services Software 

Axiom Parent Holdings, LLC (h) 
 Healthcare Services 
 Common Stock Class A Units 

ComForCare Health Care (d) 
 Healthcare Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total Healthcare Services 

HemaTerra Holding Company, LLC (d) 
 Healthcare Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

HemaTerra Holding Company, LLC 
 Healthcare Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (1M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

TRC HemaTerra, LLC (h) 
 Healthcare Software 
 Class D Membership Interests 

Procurement Partners, LLC 
 Healthcare Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Procurement Partners, LLC (j) 
 Healthcare Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Procurement Partners Holdings LLC (h) 
 Healthcare Software 
 Class A Units 

Total Healthcare Software 

Roscoe Medical, Inc. (h) 
 Healthcare Supply 
 Common Stock 

-

Total Healthcare Supply 

-

F- 11 

Saratoga Investment Corp. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (c) 
 of Net Assets 

Book4Time, Inc. (a), (d) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), , 

Book4Time, Inc. (a) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), , 

Book4Time, Inc. (a), (h), (i) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 Class A Preferred Shares 

Knowland Group, LLC (h), (k) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 Second Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash/ PIK, 

Sceptre Hospitality Resources, LLC 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Sceptre Hospitality Resources, LLC (j) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Hospitality/Hotel 

Granite Comfort, LP (d) 
 HVAC Services and Sales 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Granite Comfort, LP (j) 
 HVAC Services and Sales 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Total HVAC Services and Sales 

F- 12 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (c) 
 of Net Assets 

Vector Controls Holding Co., LLC (d) 
 Industrial Products 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Vector Controls Holding Co., LLC (h) 
 Industrial Products 
 Warrants to Purchase Limited Liability Company Interests, Expires 

-

Total Industrial Products 

AgencyBloc, LLC 
 Insurance Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD BSBY+ ), Cash, 

Panther ParentCo LLC (h) 
 Insurance Software 
 Class A Units 

Total Insurance Software 

LogicMonitor, Inc. (d) 
 IT Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Total IT Services 

ActiveProspect, Inc. (d) 
 Lead Management Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

ActiveProspect, Inc. (j) 
 Lead Management Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Lead Management Software 

F- 13 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Investment
 Interest Rate/ 
 Maturity 
 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 

Cost 

Fair
 Value (c) 

of 
 Net Assets 

Centerbase, LLC 
 
 Legal Software 
 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Total Legal Software 

Madison Logic, Inc. (d) 
 
 Marketing Orchestration Software 
 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Total Marketing Orchestration
 Software 

ARC Health OpCo LLC (d) 
 
 Mental Healthcare Services 
 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

ARC Health OpCo LLC (d), (j) 
 
 Mental Healthcare Services 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

ARC Health OpCo LLC (h) 
 
 Mental Healthcare Services 
 
 Class A Preferred Shares 

Total Mental Healthcare
 Services 

Chronus LLC 
 
 Mentoring Software 
 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Chronus LLC 
 
 Mentoring Software 
 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Chronus LLC (h) 
 
 Mentoring Software 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 

Total Mentoring Software 

F- 14 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (c) 
 of Net Assets 

Omatic Software, LLC 
 Non-profit Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash/ PIK, 

Total Non-profit Services 

Emily Street Enterprises, L.L.C. 
 Office Supplies 
 Senior Secured Note (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Emily Street Enterprises, L.L.C. (h) 
 Office Supplies 
 Warrant Membership Interests, Expires 

Total Office Supplies 

Buildout, Inc. 
 Real Estate Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Buildout, Inc. 
 Real Estate Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Buildout, Inc. (h), (i) 
 Real Estate Services 
 Limited Partner Interests 

Total Real Estate Services 

Archimedes Parent LLC (h) 
 Research Software 
 Class A Common Units 

Wellspring Worldwide Inc. 
 Research Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD BSBY+ ), Cash, 

Total Research Software 

LFR Chicken LLC 
 Restaurant 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

LFR Chicken LLC (j) 
 Restaurant 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

F- 15 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (c) 
 of Net Assets 

LFR Chicken LLC (h) 
 Restaurant 
 Series B Preferred Units 

TMAC Acquisition Co., LLC 
 Restaurant 
 Unsecured Term Loan PIK, 

Total Restaurant 

Pepper Palace, Inc. (d) 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Pepper Palace, Inc. (j) 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Pepper Palace, Inc. (j) 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 Revolving Credit Facility (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Pepper Palace, Inc. (h) 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 Membership Interest 

-

Total Specialty Food Retailer 

ArbiterSports, LLC (d) 
 Sports Management 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

ArbiterSports, LLC 
 Sports Management 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total Sports Management 

Avionte Holdings, LLC (h) 
 Staffing Services 
 Class A Units 

Total Staffing Services 

JDXpert 
 Talent Acquisition Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

JDXpert (j) 
 Talent Acquisition Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Jobvite, Inc. (d) 
 Talent Acquisition Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Total Talent Acquisition Software 

Sub Total Non-control/Non-affiliate investments 

F- 16 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (c) 
 of Net Assets 

Affiliate investments - 8.1 (b) 

ETU Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 Corporate Education Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

ETU Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 Corporate Education Software 
 Second Lien Term Loan PIK, 

ETU Holdings, Inc. (f), (h) 
 Corporate Education Software 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

Total Corporate Education Software 

Axero Holdings, LLC (f) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Axero Holdings, LLC (f) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Axero Holdings, LLC (f), (j) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 Revolving Credit Facility (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), Cash, 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Axero Holdings, LLC (f), (h) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 Series A Preferred Units 

Axero Holdings, LLC (f), (h) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 Series B Preferred Units 

Total Employee Collaboration Software 

Sub Total Affiliate investments 

F- 17 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2023 

Company(1) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Investment
 Interest Rate/ 
 Maturity 
 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 

Cost 

Fair
 Value (c) 

of 
 Net Assets 

Control
 investments - 33.6 (b) 

Netreo Holdings, LLC (g) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR + ), Cash/ PIK 

Netreo Holdings, LLC (d), (g) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR + ), Cash/ PIK, 

Netreo
 Holdings, LLC (g), (h) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 Common Stock Class A Unit 

Total IT Services 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. (a), (e), (g) 
 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 
 Other/Structured Finance Securities , 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Class F-2-R-3 Note (a), (g) 
 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 
 Other/Structured Finance Securities (3M USD LIBOR+ ), , 

Saratoga Investment Corp. Senior Loan Fund 2022-1 Ltd. Class E Note (a), (g) 
 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 
 Other/Structured Finance Securities (3M USD TERM SOFR+ ), , 

Total Structured Finance
 Securities 

Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC (a), (g), (j) 
 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Unsecured Loan , 

Saratoga
 Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC (a), (g), (h) 
 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Membership Interest 

Total Investment Fund 

Sub
 Total Control investments 

TOTAL
 INVESTMENTS - 280.2 (b) 

F- 18 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2023 

Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts - 27.7 (b) 

U.S. Bank Money Market (l) 

Total cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts 

(1) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) This investment does not have a stated interest rate that is payable thereon. As a result, the 0.00 interest rate floor in the table above represents the effective interest rate currently earned on the investment cost and is based on the current cash interest and other income generated by the investment. 

F- 19 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2023 

(f) : 

Company 
 
 Purchases 

Sales 

Total Interest from Investments 

Management Fee Income 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) from Investments 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

Artemis Wax Corp. 

- 

- 

) 

Axero Holdings, LLC 

- 

- 

- 

ETU Holdings, Inc. 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

(g) 

Company 
 
 Purchases 

Sales 

Total Interest from Investments 

Management Fee Income 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) from Investments 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

Netreo Holdings, LLC 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. Senior Loan Fund 2022-1, Ltd. Class E Note 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Class F-2-R-3 Note 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Total 

- 

- 

() 

(h) (i) (j) (k) (l) 

BSBY - Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield 

LIBOR - London Interbank Offered Rate 

SOFR
- Secured Overnight Financing Rate 

1M USD BSBY - The 1 month USD BSBY rate as of February 28, 2023 was 4.58 . 

3M USD BSBY - The 3 month USD BSBY rate as of February 28, 2023 was 4.87 . 

1M USD LIBOR - The 1 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2023 was 4.67 . 

3M USD LIBOR - The 3 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2023 was 4.97 . 

1M USD TERM SOFR - The 1 month USD TERM SOFR rate as of February 28, 2023 was 4.66 

3M USD TERM SOFR - The 3 month USD TERM SOFR rate as of February 28, 2023 was 4.89 

PIK - Payment-in-Kind (see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements). 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 20 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment
 Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Non-control/Non-affiliate
 investments - 187.4 (b) 

Targus Holdings,
 Inc. (h) 
 Consumer Products 
 Common Stock 

Total Consumer Products 

Schoox, Inc. (h), (i) 
 Corporate Education Software 
 Series 1 Membership Interest 

Total Corporate Education Software 

GreyHeller LLC (h) 
 Cyber Security 
 Common Stock 

Total Cyber Security 

New England Dental Partners 
 Dental Practice Management 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

New England Dental Partners (j) 
 Dental Practice Management 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 1 

Total Dental Practice Management 

PDDS Buyer, LLC (d) 
 Dental Practice Management Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

PDDS Buyer, LLC (h) 
 Dental Practice Management
 Software 
 Series A-1 Preferred Shares 

Total Dental Practice Management
 Software 

C2 Educational Systems 
 Education Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

C2 Education Systems, Inc.
 (h) 
 Education Services 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

Zollege PBC 
 Education Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Zollege PBC (j) 
 Education Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Zollege PBC (h) 
 Education Services 
 Class A Units 

Total Education Services 

Destiny Solutions Inc. (h),
 (i) 
 Education 
 Software 
 Limited Partner Interests 

Identity Automation Systems (d) 
 Education Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Identity Automation Systems
 (h) 
 Education Software 
 Common Stock Class A-2 Units 

Identity Automation Systems
 (h) 
 Education Software 
 Common Stock Class A-1 Units 

F- 21 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment
 Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 

GoReact 
 Education Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

GoReact (j) 
 Education Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Education Software 

TG Pressure Washing Holdings,
 LLC (h) 
 Facilities Maintenance 
 Preferred Equity 

Total Facilities Maintenance 

Davisware, LLC 
 Field Service Management 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Davisware, LLC (j) 
 Field Service Management 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total Field Service Management 

GDS Software Holdings, LLC 
 Financial Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

GDS Software Holdings, LLC (j) 
 Financial Services 
 Delayed Draw Term loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

GDS Software Holdings, LLC (h) 
 Financial Services 
 Common Stock Class A Units 

Total Financial Services 

Ascend Software, LLC 
 Financial Services Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Ascend Software, LLC (j) 
 Financial Services Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Financial Services Software 

Ohio Medical, LLC (h) 
 Healthcare Products Manufacturing 
 Common Stock 

Total Healthcare Products Manufacturing 

Axiom Parent Holdings, LLC
 (h) 
 Healthcare Services 
 Common Stock Class A Units 

Axiom Purchaser, Inc. (d) 
 Healthcare Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Axiom Purchaser, Inc. (d) 
 Healthcare Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

F- 22 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment
 Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 

ComForCare Health Care (d) 
 Healthcare Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total Healthcare Services 

TRC HemaTerra, LLC (h) 
 Healthcare Software 
 Class D Membership Interests 

HemaTerra Holding Company, LLC (d) 
 Healthcare Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

HemaTerra Holding Company, LLC (d) 
 Healthcare Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Procurement Partners, LLC 
 Healthcare Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Procurement Partners, LLC (j) 
 Healthcare Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Procurement Partners Holdings
 LLC (h) 
 Healthcare Software 
 Class A Units 

Total Healthcare Software 

Roscoe Medical, Inc. (h) 
 Healthcare Supply 
 Common Stock 

Roscoe Medical, Inc. 
 Healthcare Supply 
 Second Lien Term Loan Cash, 

Total Healthcare Supply 

F- 23 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment
 Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 

Book4Time, Inc. (a), (d) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), , 

Book4Time, Inc. (a), (j) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), , 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Book4Time, Inc. (a), (h), (i) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 Class A Preferred Shares 

Knowland Group, LLC 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 Second Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash/ PIK, 

Sceptre Hospitality Resources, LLC 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Sceptre Hospitality Resources, LLC (j) 
 Hospitality/Hotel 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Hospitality/Hotel 

Granite Comfort, LP 
 HVAC Services and Sales 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Granite Comfort, LP(j) 
 HVAC Services and Sales 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total HVAC Services and Sales 

AgencyBloc, LLC 
 Insurance Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD BSBY+ ), Cash, 

Panther ParentCo LLC (h) 
 Insurance Software 
 Class A Units 

Total Insurance Software 

F- 24 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 

Vector Controls Holding Co., LLC (d) 
 Industrial Products 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Vector Controls Holding Co., LLC (h) 
 Industrial Products 
 Warrants to Purchase Limited Liability Company Interests, Expires 

- 

Total Industrial Products 

LogicMonitor, Inc. (d) 
 IT Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total
 IT Services 

Centerbase, LLC 
 Legal Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (Daialy USD SOFR+ ), Cash, 

Total Legal Software 

Madison Logic, Inc. 
 Marketing Orchestration Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Madison Logic, Inc. (j) 
 Marketing Orchestration Software 
 Revolving Credit Facility (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 11/22/2026 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Marketing Orchestration
 Software 

inMotionNow, Inc. 
 Marketing Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

inMotionNow, Inc. (d) 
 Marketing Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ Cash, 

Total Marketing Services 

Chronus LLC 
 Mentoring Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Chronus LLC (h) 
 Mentoring Software 
 Series A Preferred Stock 

Total Mentoring Software 

Omatic Software, LLC 
 Non-profit Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash/ PIK, 

Total Non-profit Services 

F- 25 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original
 Acquisition Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 

Emily Street Enterprises, L.L.C. 
 Office Supplies 
 Senior Secured Note (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Emily Street Enterprises, L.L.C. (h) 
 Office Supplies 
 Warrant Membership Interests Expires 

Total Office Supplies 

Apex Holdings Software Technologies, LLC 
 Payroll Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total Payroll Services 

Buildout, Inc. 
 Real Estate Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Buildout, Inc. 
 Real Estate Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Buildout, Inc. (h), (i) 
 Real Estate Services 
 Limited Partner Interests 

Total Real Estate Services 

LFR Chicken LLC 
 Restaurant 
 First Lien Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

LFR Chicken LLC (j) 
 Restaurant 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

LFR Chicken LLC (h) 
 Restaurant 
 Series B Preferred Units 

TMAC Acquisition Co., LLC 
 Restaurant 
 Unsecured Term Loan PIK, 

Total
 Restaurant 

F- 26 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original Acquisition
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 

Pepper Palace, Inc. (d) 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Pepper Palace, Inc. (j) 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 - 
 - 

Pepper Palace, Inc. (j) 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 Revolving Credit Facility (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 - 
 - 

Pepper Palace, Inc. (h) 
 Specialty Food Retailer 
 Membership Interest 

Total Specialty Food Retailer 

ArbiterSports, LLC (d) 
 Sports Management 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

ArbiterSports, LLC (d) 
 Sports Management 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total Sports Management 

Avionte Holdings, LLC (h) 
 Staffing Services 
 Class A Units 

Total Staffing Services 

Jobvite, Inc. (d) 
 Talent Acquisition Software 
 Second Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Total Talent Acquisition Software 

National Waste Partners (d) 
 Waste Services 
 Second Lien Term Loan Cash, 

Total
 Waste Services 

Sub
 Total Non-control/Non-affiliate investments 

F- 27 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original
 Acquisition 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 

Affiliate
 investments - 13.5 (b) 

Artemis Wax Corp. (f), (j) 
 Consumer
Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (1M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Artemis Wax Corp. (f), (h) 
 Consumer Services 
 Series B-1 Preferred Stock 

Artemis Wax Corp. (f), (h) 
 Consumer Services 
 Series C Preferred Stock 

Total Consumer Services 

Axero Holdings, LLC (f) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 

Axero Holdings, LLC (f), (j) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Axero Holdigns, LLC (f), (j) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 Revolving Credit Facility (3M USD LIBOR+ ), Cash, 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Axero Holdings, LLC (f), (h) 
 Employee Collaboration Software 
 Series A Preferred Units 

Axero
 Holdings, LLC (f), (h) 
 Employee
Collaboration Software 
 Series
 B Preferred Units 

Total
 Employee Collaboration Software 

Sub
 Total Affiliate investments 

F- 28 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company(1) 
 Industry 
 Investment Interest Rate/ Maturity 
 Original
 Acquisition 
Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (c) 
 
 of Net Assets 

Control
 investments - 28.3 (b) 

Netreo Holdings, LLC (g) 
 IT Services 
 First Lien Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR + ), Cash 

Netreo Holdings, LLC (d), (g), (j) 
 IT Services 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (3M USD LIBOR + ), Cash, 

Netreo Holdings, LLC (g), (h) 
 IT
 Services 
 Common Stock Class A Unit 

Total IT Services 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. (a), (e), (g) 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 Other/Structured Finance Securities , 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Class F-2-R-3 Note (a), (g) 
 Structured Finance Securities 
 Other/Structured Finance Securities (3M USD LIBOR+ ), , 

Total Structured Finance Securities 

Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC (a), (g), (j) 
 Investment Fund 
 Unsecured Loan , 

Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I
 JV, LLC (a), (g), (j) 
 Investment
 Fund 
 Membership Interest 

Total Investment Fund 

Sub Total
 Control investments 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS
 - 229.2 (b) 

Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts - 14.9 (b) 

U.S. Bank Money Market (k) 

Total cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts 

(1) 

(a) Represents an investment that is not a qualifying asset 
under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). As of February 28, 2022, non-qualifying assets
represent 6.7 of the Company s portfolio at fair value. As a BDC, the Company generally has to invest at least 70 of its total assets
in qualifying assets. 

(b) 

F- 29 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

(c) Because there is no readily available market value for these
investments, the fair values of these investments were determined using significant unobservable inputs and approved in good faith by
our board of directors. These investments have been included as Level 3 in the Fair Value Hierarchy (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements). 

(d) These securities are either fully or partially pledged as collateral
under a senior secured revolving credit facility (see Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements). 

(e) This investment does not have a stated interest rate that is
payable thereon. As a result, the 9.27 interest rate in the table above represents the effective interest rate currently earned on the
investment cost and is based on the current cash interest and other income generated by the investment. 

(f) As defined in the 1940 Act, this portfolio company is an affiliate 
as we own between 5.0 and 25.0 of the outstanding voting securities. GreyHeller, LLC is no longer an affiliate as of February 28, 2022.
Transactions during the year ended February 28, 2022 in which the issuer was an affiliate are as follows: 

Company 
 Purchases 
 Sales 
 Total Interest from Investments 
 Management Fee Income 
 Net Realized 
 Gain (Loss) from Investments 
 Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 Artemis Wax Corp. 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Axero Holdings, LLC 
 
 -

-
 
 -

GreyHeller, LLC 

-

Top Gun 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

(g) As defined in the 1940 Act, we control this portfolio
company because we own more than 25 of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. Transactions during the year ended February
28, 2022 in which the issuer was both an affiliate and a portfolio company that we control are as follows: 

F- 30 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Company 
 Purchases 
 Sales 
 Total Interest from Investments 
 Management Fee Income 
 Net Realized 
 Gain (Loss) from Investments 
 Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 Netreo Holdings, LLC 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 
 -
 
 -

-

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Class F-R-3 Note 
 -

-
 
 -

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Class F-1-R-3 Note 

-

-

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Class F-2-R-3 Note 
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC 
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

(h) Non-income producing at February 28, 2022. 

(i) Includes securities issued by an affiliate of the company. 

(j) All or a portion of this investment has an unfunded commitment
as of February 28, 2022. (See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements). 

(k) Included within cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash
equivalents, reserve accounts in the Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as of February 28, 2022. 

BSBY - Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield 

LIBOR - London Interbank Offered Rate 

SOFR - Secured Overnight Financing Rate 

3M USD BSBY - The 3 month USD BSBY rate
as of February 28, 2022 was 0.50 . 

1M USD LIBOR - The 1 month USD LIBOR rate
as of February 28, 2022 was 0.24 . 

3M USD LIBOR - The 3 month USD LIBOR rate
as of February 28, 2022 was 0.50 . 

Daily USD SOFR - The daily USD SOFR rate
as of February 28, 2022 was 0.05 

PIK - Payment-in-Kind (see Note 2 to the
consolidated financial statements). 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 31 

SARATOGA
INVESTMENT CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

February
28, 2023 

million in additional long-term capital in the form of SBA debentures, while SBIC II LP s
and SBIC III LP s SBIC licenses provide up to million each. Under current SBIC regulations, for two or more SBICs under
common control, the maximum amount of outstanding SBA debentures cannot exceed million with at least million in combined
regulatory capital. 

F- 32 

million senior secured revolving credit facility with Encina Lender Finance, LLC
(the Lender ), supported by loans held by SIF II and pledged to the Lender under the credit facility (the Encina
Credit Facility ). The Encina Credit Facility closed on October 4, 2021. During the first two years following the closing date,
SIF II may request an increase in the commitment amount under the Encina Credit Facility to up to million. The terms of the Encina
Credit Facility require a minimum drawn amount of million at all times during the first six months following the closing date,
which increases to the greater of million or of the commitment amount in effect at any time thereafter. The term of the Encina
Credit Facility is three years. Advances under the Encina Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus
 , with LIBOR having a floor of , with customary provisions related to the selection by the Lender and the Company of a replacement
benchmark rate. Concurrently with the closing of the Encina Credit Facility, all remaining amounts outstanding on the Company s
existing revolving credit facility with Madison Capital Funding, LLC were repaid and the revolving credit facility terminated. On January
27, 2023, among other things, the borrowings available under the Encina Credit Facility was increased from up to million to up
to million, the underlying benchmark rate used to compute interest changed from LIBOR to Term SOFR for one-month tenor plus a 
credit spread adjustment; the applicable effective margin rate on borrowings increased from to and the maturity date was
extended from to . 

million of debt (the 2022 JV
CLO Notes through a collateralized loan obligation trust (the JV CLO trust ). The 2022 JV CLO Notes were issued
pursuant to an indenture, dated October 28, 2022 (the JV Indenture ), with U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association
(as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) (the Trustee servicing as the trustee. 

voting interest in SLF JV and thus neither party has
a controlling financial interest. Furthermore, ASC 810 concludes that in a joint venture where both members have equal decision making
authority, it is not appropriate for one member to consolidate the joint venture since neither has control. Accordingly, the Company
does not consolidate its investment in SLF JV. 

F- 33 

of the investment company s total outstanding voting; 

of the value of our total assets; or 

of the value of our total assets. 

Cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts 

Total cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts 

of the voting securities or maintain greater than of the board representation. Under the 1940 Act,
 affiliated investments are defined as those non-control investments in companies in which we own between and 
of the voting securities. Under the 1940 Act, non-affiliated investments are defined as investments that are neither control
investments nor affiliated investments. 

F- 34 

F- 35 

million, or of the fair value of our portfolio. At February 28, 2022, there were no
investments on non-accrual status. 

F- 36 

of its investment company taxable income , as defined by the Code, for each fiscal tax year. The Company will be subject
to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on its investment company taxable income and net capital gains that it does not timely
distribute to shareholders. The Company will be subject to a nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax of on undistributed income if it
does not distribute at least (1) of its net ordinary income in any calendar year, (2) of its capital gain net income for each
one-year period ending on October 31and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income that it recognized for preceding years,
but were not distributed during such year, and on which the Company paid no U.S federal income tax. 

U.S. federal excise tax on such income, as required. To
the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual investment company taxable income will be in excess of
estimated current year dividend distributions for U.S. federal excise tax purposes, the Company accrues the U.S. federal excise tax,
if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. For the years ended February 28, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the excise
tax accrual on estimated excess table income was million, million and million, respectively. 

F- 37 

of the aggregate declared distribution.
Under the published guidance, if too many stockholders elect to receive cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated
among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder,
electing to receive cash, receive less than of his or her entire distribution in cash. If these and certain other requirements
are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could
have been received instead of stock. 

F- 38 

F- 39 

- 

Second lien term loans 
 -
 
 -

-

Unsecured loans 
 -
 
 -

-

Structured finance securities 
 -
 
 -

-

Equity interests 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 - 
 -

-

Second lien term loans 
 -
 
 -

-

Unsecured loans 
 -
 
 -

-

Structured finance securities 
 -
 
 -

-

Equity interests 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 -
 
 -

F- 40 

Payment-in-kind and other adjustments to cost 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

- 
 -
 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

Purchases 

Sales and repayments 

-
 
 - 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of February 28, 2023 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the year relating to those Level 3 assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the year 

Payment-in-kind and other adjustments to cost 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

Purchases 

-

Sales and repayments 
 
 -
 
 -

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of February 28, 2022 

Net change in unrealized
 appreciation (depreciation) for the year relating to those Level 3 assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the
 year 

F- 41 

Second lien term loans 

Unsecured term loans 

Structured finance securities 

Equity interests 

Total 

Second lien term loans 

Unsecured term loans 

Structured finance securities 

Equity interests 

Total 

F- 42 

Second lien term loans 

Unsecured loans 

Structured finance securities 

Equity interests 

Total 

Second lien term loans 

Unsecured loans 

Structured finance securities 

Equity interests 

Total 

F- 43 

of our total assets as of February 28, 2023, excluding Saratoga
CLO, SLF JV and SLF 2022 (see Note 4 and Note 5 for more information on Saratoga CLO, SLF JV and SLF 2022, respectively). 

F- 44 

. A non-call period of January 2020 was also added. Following this refinancing, the Saratoga CLO portfolio increased
its aggregate principal amount from approximately million to approximately million of predominantly senior secured first
lien term loans. In addition to refinancing its liabilities, the Company invested an additional million in all of the newly issued
subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO and also purchased million in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-2 and million
in aggregate principal amount of the Class G-R-2 notes tranches at par, with a coupon of 3M USD LIBOR plus and 3M USD LIBOR plus
 , respectively. As part of this refinancing, the Company also redeemed our existing million in aggregate amount of the Class
F notes tranche at par and the million CLO 2013-1 Warehouse Loan was repaid. 

million in assets to approximately
 million. As part of this refinancing and upsizing, the Company invested an additional million in all of the newly issued subordinated
notes of the Saratoga CLO, and purchased million in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-3 Notes tranche at par. Concurrently,
the existing million of Class F-R-2 Notes, million of Class G-R-2 Notes and million of the CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan
were repaid. The Company also paid million of transaction costs related to the refinancing and upsizing on behalf of the Saratoga
CLO, to be reimbursed from future equity distributions. At August 31, 2021, the outstanding receivable of million was repaid in
full. 

million Class F-R-3 Note for million Class F-1-R-3 Notes and million
Class F-2-R-3 Notes at par. On August 11, 2021, the Company sold its Class F-1-R-3 Notes to third parties, resulting in a realized loss
of million. 

owned
and managed by the Company. We receive a base management fee of per annum and a subordinated management fee of per annum of
the outstanding principal amount of Saratoga CLO s assets, paid quarterly to the extent of available proceeds. Following the third
refinancing and the issuance of the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes on December 14, 2018, we are no longer entitled to an incentive management
fee equal to of excess cash flow to the extent the Saratoga CLO subordinated notes receive an internal rate of return paid in cash
equal to or greater than . 

F- 45 

million, million and million, respectively, and interest income of million,
 million and million, respectively, from the Saratoga CLO. 

million. As of February 28, 2023, the fair value
of its investment in the Class F-R-3 Notes of Saratoga CLO was million. As of February 28, 2023, Saratoga CLO had investments with
a principal balance of million and a weighted average spread over LIBOR of and had debt with a principal balance of 
million with a weighted average spread over LIBOR of . As of February 28, 2023, the present value of the projected future cash flows
of the subordinated notes, was approximately million, using a discount rate. The Company s total investment in the subordinate
notes of Saratoga CLO is 57.8 which consists of additional investments of million in January 2008, million in December 2018
and million in February 2021; to date the Company has since received distributions of million, management fees of million
and incentive fees of million. 

million. As of February 28, 2022, the fair value of its investment
in the Class F-R-3 Notes of Saratoga CLO was million. As of February 28, 2022, Saratoga CLO had investments with a principal balance
of million and a weighted average spread over LIBOR of and had debt with a principal balance of million with a weighted
average spread over LIBOR of . As of February 28, 2022, the present value of the projected future cash flows of the subordinated notes,
was approximately million, using a discount rate. The Company s total investment in the subordinate notes of Saratoga
CLO is million which consists of additional investments of million in January 2008, million in December 2018 and 
million in February 2021; to date the Company has since received distributions of million, management fees of million and
incentive fees of million. 

million of financing to SLF JV through cash contributions, with the Company providing million and TJHA providing million,
resulting in an and ownership between the two parties. The financing is issued in the form of an unsecured note and equity.
The unsecured note will pay a fixed rate of per annum and is due and payable in full on June 15, 2023. As of February 28, 2023,
the Company and TJHA s investment in SLF JV consisted of an unsecured note of million and million, respectively; and
membership interest of million and million, respectively. As of February 28, 2022, the Company and TJHA s investment
in SLF JV consisted of an unsecured note of million and million, respectively; and membership interest of million and
 million, respectively. As of February 28, 2023, and February 28, 2022, the Company s investment in the unsecured note of SLF
JV had a fair value of million and million, respectively, and the Company s investment in the membership interests of
SLF JV had a fair value of million and million, respectively. 

voting interest in SLF JV and thus neither party has
a controlling financial interest. Furthermore, ASC 810, Consolidation concludes that in a joint venture where both members have
equal decision making authority, it is not appropriate for one member to consolidate the joint venture since neither has control. Accordingly,
the Company does not consolidate SLF JV. 

million of interest income related to SLF JV, which is included in interest income. As of February 28,
2023, approximately million of interest income related to SLF JV was included in interest receivable. 

million of interest income related
to SLF JV, which is included in interest income. As of February 28, 2022, approximately million of interest income related
to SLF JV was included in interest receivable. 

per annum and was due and payable in
full on June 9, 2023. The unsecured loan was repaid in full on October 28, 2022, as part of the CLO closing. 

F- 46 

million of the 2022 JV CLO Notes through the JV CLO trust. The 2022 JV CLO Notes were issued
pursuant to the JV Indenture, with the Trustee. As part of the transaction, the Company purchased of the Class E Notes from SLF
2022 with a par value of million. As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the fair value of these Class E Notes were
 million and million, respectively. 

of Saratoga CLO, an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. For financial reporting purposes, the Saratoga
CLO is not included as part of the consolidated financial statements. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company has requested
and received approval from the IRS to treat the Saratoga CLO as a disregarded entity. As such, for U.S. federal income tax purposes and
for purposes of meeting the RIC qualification and diversification tests, the results of operations of the Saratoga CLO are included with
those of the Company to qualify as a RIC. The Company is required to meet certain income and asset diversification tests in addition
to timely distributing at least of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code. Because U.S. federal income tax
regulations differ from U.S. GAAP, distributions as required in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income
and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences between these distributions and U.S. GAAP financial results
may be permanent or temporary in nature. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the consolidated financial
statements to reflect their tax character. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary
income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the Company reclassified for book purposes
amounts arising from permanent book/tax differences primarily related to nondeductible U.S. federal excise and capital gains tax and
worthless securities losses (dollars in thousands): 

Total distributable earnings (loss) 

Capital gains 
 -
 
 -

Total 

million. The aggregate cost of securities for U.S. federal income tax
purposes was billion. 

million. The aggregate cost of securities for U.S. federal
income tax purposes was billion. 

Other temporary differences 

Undistributed Long Term Gain 
 -
 
 -

Undistributed ordinary income 

Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

Total components of accumulated losses 

F- 47 

million and a long-term capital loss of million, available to offset future capital gains. At February 28, 2023 the company
did not utilized any short-term capital losses or long-term capital losses. Post RIC-modernization act losses are deemed to arise on the
first day of the fund s following fiscal year and there is no expiration for these losses. 

U.S. federal excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that
the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions
for excise tax purposes, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. For
the calendar years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not distribute at least of its ordinary income
and of its capital gains and accrued million and million in U.S. federal excise taxes on undistributed taxable income
for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. 

million and million. 

owned
by the Company, are each filing standalone C Corporation tax returns for U.S. federal and state tax purposes. As separately regarded entities
for tax purposes, these entities are subject to U.S. federal income tax at normal corporate rates. For tax purposes, any distributions
by the entities to the parent company would generally need to be distributed to the Company s shareholders. Generally, such distributions
of the entities income to the Company s shareholders will be considered as qualified dividends for tax purposes. The entities 
taxable net income will differ from U.S. GAAP net income because of deferred tax temporary differences arising from net operating losses
and unrealized appreciation and deprecation of securities held. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted corporate
federal and state tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those net operating losses are utilized and the
unrealized gains and losses are realized. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are netted off by entity, as allowed. The recoverability
of deferred tax assets is assessed and a valuation allowance is recorded to the extent that it is more likely than not that any portion
of the deferred tax asset will not be realized on the basis of a history of operating losses combined with insufficient projected taxable
income or other taxable events in the taxable blockers. In February 2022, SIA-GH, Inc., SIA-TT Inc. and SIA-VR, Inc. received an approved
plan of liquidation following the sale of equity held by each of the portfolio companies. 

million current tax receivable as of February 28,
2023. 

million current tax receivable as of February
28, 2023. 

million current tax receivable as of February 28,
2023. 

F- 48 

U.S. federal tax on the net capital gain, potentially in the form of a deemed
distribution to its stockholders. Income tax (provision) relating to an election to retain its net capital gains, including
in the form of a deemed distribution, is included as a component of income tax (provision) benefit from realized gains on investments,
depending on the character of the underlying taxable income (ordinary or capital gains), on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax liability 

million, which represents the federal and state tax effect
of net operating losses and unrealized losses that we do not believe we will realize through future taxable income. Any adjustments to
the Company s valuation allowance will depend on estimates of future taxable income and will be made in the period such determination
is made. 

million net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on investments and ) million net change in total operating expense (benefit), in the consolidated statement of operations, respectively. 

million net change in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) on investments and ) million net change in total operating expense, in the consolidated statement of operations, respectively. 

million net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on investments and million net change in total operating expense, in the consolidated statement of operations, respectively. 

-

State 

-

Net current expense 

-

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Net deferred expense 

Net tax provision 

million which has an indefinite life. In addition, the Company has state net operating loss carryforwards of million, which
begin to expire in fiscal year 2028. 

combined with the weighted average state tax rate applicable
to each taxable blocker based on the states they operate in. 

F- 49 

from its effective date, with one-year
renewals thereafter subject to certain approvals by our board of directors and/or the Company s stockholders. Most recently, on
July 5, 2022, our board of directors approved the renewal of the Management Agreement for an additional one-year term. Pursuant to the
Management Agreement, our Manager implements our business strategy on a day-to-day basis and performs certain services for us, subject
to oversight by our board of directors. Our Manager is responsible for, among other duties, determining investment criteria, sourcing,
analyzing and executing investments transactions, asset sales, financings and performing asset management duties. Under the Management
Agreement, we have agreed to pay our Manager a management fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of a base management
fee and an incentive management fee. 

The base management fee is paid quarterly following the filing of the most recent
quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the
value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, that exceeds a quarterly hurdle rate measured as of the
end of each fiscal quarter, subject to a catch-up provision. There is no
accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from quarter to quarter, and accordingly there is no claw back of amounts previously paid
if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle rate, and there is no delay of payment if prior quarters are below the quarterly
hurdle rate. 

of our incentive fee capital gains, which equals our realized capital gains on a cumulative
basis from May 31, 2010 through the end of the fiscal year, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital
depreciation on a cumulative basis on each investment in the Company s portfolio, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid
capital gain incentive fee. Importantly, the capital gains portion of the incentive fee is based on realized gains and realized and unrealized
losses from May 31, 2010. Therefore, realized and unrealized losses incurred prior to such time will not be taken into account when calculating
the capital gains portion of the incentive fee, and our Manager will be entitled to of incentive fee capital gains that arise after
May 31, 2010. In addition, for the purpose of the incentive fee capital gains calculations, the cost basis for computing
realized gains and losses on investments held by us as of May 31, 2010 will equal the fair value of such investments as of such date. 

million, million and 
million in base management fees, respectively. For the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, the Company
incurred million, million and million in incentive fees related to pre-incentive fee net investment income. For the years
ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, we accrued ) million, million and million, respectively,
in incentive fees related to capital gains. 

million
and the incentive fees accrual was million and is included in base management and incentive fees payable in the accompanying consolidated
statements of assets and liabilities. As of February 28, 2022, the base management fees accrual was million and the incentive fees
accrual was million and is included in base management and incentive fees payable in the accompanying consolidated statements of
assets and liabilities. 

F- 50 

million for the initial
two-year term of the Administration Agreement and subsequent renewals. Most recently, on July 5, 2022, our board of directors approved
the renewal of the Administration Agreement for an additional one-year term and determined to increase the cap on the payment or reimbursement
of expenses by the Company from million to million effective August 1, 2022. 

million, million and million
in administrator expenses, respectively, pertaining to bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services provided to us in
addition to our allocable portion of rent and other overhead related expenses. As of February 28, 2023, million of administrator
expenses were accrued and included in due to manager in the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. As of February
28, 2022, million of administrator expenses were accrued and included in due to manager in the accompanying consolidated statements
of assets and liabilities. 

million
in assets to approximately million. As part of this refinancing and upsizing, the Company invested an additional million in
all of the newly issued subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO, and purchased million in aggregate principal amount of the Class
F-R-2 Notes tranche and million in aggregate principal amount of the Class G-R-2 Notes tranche at par. Concurrently, the existing
 million of Class F notes and million CLO 2013-1 Warehouse Loan were repaid. The Company also paid million of transaction
costs related to the refinancing and upsizing on behalf of the Saratoga CLO, to be reimbursed from future equity distributions. During
the year ended February 29, 2020, the Company received full payment of million from the Saratoga CLO for such transaction costs. 

million in assets to approximately million. As part of this refinancing and upsizing,
the Company invested an additional million in all of the newly issued subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO, and purchased 
million in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-3 Notes tranche at par. Concurrently, the existing million of Class F-R-2
Notes, million of Class G-R-2 Notes and million CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan were repaid. The Company also paid million
of transaction costs related to the refinancing and upsizing on behalf of the Saratoga CLO, to be reimbursed from future equity distributions.
At August 31, 2021, the outstanding receivable of million was repaid in full. 

million Class F-R-3 Notes for million Class F-1-R-3 Notes and million Class F-2-R-3 Notes at par. On August 11, 2021,
the Company sold its Class F-1-R-3 Notes to third parties, resulting in a realized loss of million. 

million, with interest
income of million recognized related to the CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan and is included in interest from investments
on the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended February 28, 2021. 

million, million and million in management fee income, respectively, related
to the Saratoga CLO. 

F- 51 

million of the 2022 JV CLO Notes through the JV CLO trust. The 2022 JV CLO Notes were issued
pursuant to the JV Indenture, with the Trustee. 

million and million, consisting of an unsecured
loan of million and million, and membership interest of million and million. In addition, the Company has no outstanding
receivable balance from the SLF JV, as of February 28, 2023. 

of the Class E Notes from SLF 2022 with a par value of million. 

On April 16, 2018, as permitted by the Small Business Credit Availability Act, which
was signed into law on March 23, 2018, our board of directors, including a majority of our directors who are not interested persons 
(as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act of the Company independent directors ), approved a minimum asset
coverage ratio of . The asset coverage ratio became effective on April 16, 2019. The amount of leverage that we employ at any
time depends on our assessment of the market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. Our asset coverage ratio, as defined
in the 1940 Act, was as of February 28, 2023 and as of February 28, 2022. 

million revolving securitized credit facility (the Revolving Facility ). On May
1, 2007, we entered into a million term securitized credit facility (the Term Facility and, together with the Revolving
Facility, the Facilities ), which was fully drawn at closing. In December 2007, we consolidated the Facilities by using
a draw under the Revolving Facility to repay the Term Facility. In response to the market wide decline in financial asset prices, which
negatively affected the value of our portfolio, we terminated the revolving period of the Revolving Facility effective January 14, 2009
and commenced a two-year amortization period during which all principal proceeds from the collateral were used to repay outstanding borrowings.
A significant percentage of our total assets had been pledged under the Revolving Facility to secure our obligations thereunder. 

million senior secured revolving credit facility with Madison Capital Funding LLC (the Madison Credit Facility ),
in each case, to pay the full amount of principal and accrued interest, including default interest, outstanding under the Revolving Facility.
As a result, the Revolving Facility was terminated in connection therewith. Substantially all of our total assets, other than those held
by SBIC LP, SBIC II LP and SBIC III LP, was pledged under the Madison Credit Facility to secure our obligations thereunder. 

F- 52 

F- 53 

million. 

million is payable in equal monthly installments in arrears. 

million senior secured revolving credit facility
with the Lender, supported by loans held by SIF II and pledged to the Encina Credit Facility. million at all times during the first six months following the closing date, which increased
to the greater of million or of the commitment amount in effect at any time thereafter. The term of the Encina Credit Facility
is three years. Advances under the Encina Credit Facility originally bore interest at a floating rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus 4.0 ,
with LIBOR having a floor of 0.75 , with customary provisions related to the selection by the Lender and the Company of a replacement
benchmark rate. The commitment termination date was October 4, 2024. 

million is payable in equal monthly installments in arrears. 

million
and million outstanding borrowings under the Encina Credit Facility. During the applicable periods, the Company was in compliance
with all of the limitations and requirements of the facility. Financing costs of million related to the Encina Credit Facility have
been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the facility, with all existing financing
costs amortized through January 27, 2026 from the date of the amendment and extension. For the years ended February 28, 2023, February
28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, we recorded million, million and million of interest expense related to the Encina Credit
Facility and the Madison Credit Facility, respectively, which includes commitment and administrative agent fees. 

million, million and million of amortization of deferred financing costs related
to the Encina Credit Facility and Madison Credit Facility, respectively. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs
are reported as interest and debt financing expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. For the fiscal year ended February
28, 2023, the average borrowings outstanding and the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Encina Credit
Facility and the Madison Credit Facility were approximately million and , respectively. For the fiscal year ended February
28, 2022, the average borrowings outstanding and the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Encina Credit
Facility and the Madison Credit Facility were approximately million and , respectively. For the fiscal year ended February 28,
2021, the average borrowings outstanding and the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Madison Credit Facility
were approximately million and , respectively. 

F- 54 

million subject to the Encina Credit Facility cap of million at February
28, 2023. For purposes of determining the borrowing base, most assets are assigned the values set forth in our most recent Annual Report
on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Accordingly,
the February 28, 2023 borrowing base relies upon the valuations set forth in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended November
30, 2022. The valuations presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will not be incorporated into the borrowing base until after
this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed with the SEC. 

million in additional long-term capital in the form of SBA debentures, while SBIC II LP s
and SBIC III LP s SBIC licenses provide up to million each. Under current SBIC regulations, for two or more SBICs under common
control, the maximum amount of outstanding SBA debentures cannot exceed million. 

million,
 million and million, respectively, and have million in SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding, of which million
was held in SBIC LP, million held was SBIC II LP and million held in SBIC III LP. 

million and have average annual fully taxed net income not exceeding
 million for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, an SBIC must devote of its investment activity to smaller
enterprises as defined by the SBA. A smaller enterprise is one that has a tangible net worth not exceeding million
and has average annual fully taxed net income not exceeding million for the two most recent fiscal years. SBA regulations also provide
alternative size standard criteria to determine eligibility, which depend on the industry in which the business is engaged and are based
on such factors as the number of employees and gross sales. According to SBA regulations, SBICs may make long-term loans to small businesses,
invest in the equity securities of such businesses and provide them with consulting and advisory services. 

F- 55 

million
more than it would otherwise be able to absent the receipt of this exemptive relief. On April 16, 2018, as permitted by the Small Business
Credit Availability Act, which was signed into law on March 23, 2018, the independent directors of the Company approved of the Company
becoming subject to a minimum asset coverage ratio of from under Sections 18(a)(1) and 18(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act,
as amended. The asset coverage ratio became effective on April 16, 2019. 

million, million and million of
interest expense related to the SBA debentures, respectively. For the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28,
2021, we recorded million, million and million of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the SBA debentures,
respectively. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs are reported as interest and debt financing expense on the
consolidated statements of operations. The weighted average interest rate during the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022
and February 28, 2021 on the outstanding borrowings of the SBA debentures was , and , respectively. During the years
ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the average dollar amount of SBA debentures outstanding was million and 
million, respectively. 

million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-rate notes due 2020 (the 2020 Notes ).
The 2020 Notes were redeemed in full on January 13, 2017 and are no longer listed on the NYSE. 

million in aggregate principal amount of our fixed-rate notes due (the 2023
Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately million and offering costs
of approximately million. The net proceeds from the offering were used to repay all of the outstanding indebtedness under the 2020
Notes (as described above), and for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. 

million and million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount
of the million in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes were listed on the NYSE under
the trading symbol SAB with a par value of per note and have been delisted following the redemption. 

F- 56 

million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting commissions
of approximately million and discount of million. 

million in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes were listed on the NYSE under the
trading symbol of SAF , and have been delisted following the full redemption on August 31, 2021. 

2025 Notes was million and million, respectively. The repayment
of the 2025 Notes resulted in a realized loss on the extinguishment of debt of million. 

million in aggregate principal amount of
issued outstanding 2023 Notes. 

million in aggregate principal amount of our fixed-rate notes due (the 7.25 
2025 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately million. 

million in aggregate principal amount of the issued and outstanding 7.25 2025 Notes. The 7.25 
2025 Notes were listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol of SAK and have been delisted following the full redemption
on July 14, 2022. 

million. 

million and million, respectively, of interest expense and million and million, respectively,
of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the 7.25 2025 Notes. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs
are reported as interest and debt financing expense on the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended February 28, 2023
and February 28, 2022, the average dollar amount of 7.25 2025 Notes outstanding was million and million, respectively. 

million aggregate principal amount of our fixed-rate notes due in 2025 (the 7.75 
2025 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately million. Offering
costs incurred were approximately million. The 7.75 2025 Notes mature on July 9, 2025 and may be redeemed in whole or in
part at any time or from time to time at our option subject to a fee depending on the date of repayment. The net proceeds from the offering
were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of million
related to the 7.75 2025 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 7.75 2025 Notes. 

F- 57 

million. The 7.75 2025 Notes are not listed and have a par value of per note. The carrying amount of
the outstanding 7.75 2025 Notes had a fair value of million, which is based on a market yield analysis and would be classified as
a Level 3 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 

million and million, respectively, of interest expense and million and million, respectively,
of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the 7.75 2025 Notes. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs
are reported as interest and debt financing expense on the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended February 28, 2023
and February 28, 2022, the average dollar amount of 7.75 2025 Notes outstanding was million and million, respectively. 

million aggregate principal amount of our fixed-rate notes due in 2027 (the 6.25 
2027 Notes ). Offering costs incurred were approximately million. The 6.25 2027 Notes
mature on December 29, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option, on or after December
29, 2024. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and
strategies. Financing costs of million related to the 6.25 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the
term of the Notes. 

million aggregate principal
amount of the 6.25 2027 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately million.
Offering costs incurred were approximately million. Interest on the 6.25 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28,
May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of per year, beginning February 28, 2021. The 6.25 2027 Notes mature on January 28,
2027 and commencing January 28, 2023, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds
from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs
of million related to the 6.25 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 6.25 2027 Notes. The
6.25 2027 Notes are not listed and have a par value of per note. 

million. The 6.25 2027 Notes are not listed and have a par value of per note. The carrying amount
of the outstanding 6.25 2027 Notes had a fair value of million, which is based on a market yield analysis and would be classified
as a Level 3 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 

million and million, respectively, of interest expense
and million and million, respectively, of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the 6.25 2027 Notes. Interest
expense and amortization of deferred financing cost are reported as interest and debt financing expense on the consolidated statements
of operations. For the year ended February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2022, the average dollar amount of 6.25 2027 Notes outstanding
was million and million, respectively. 

million aggregate principal
amount of our fixed-rate Notes due in 2026 (the 4.375 2026 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting
underwriting commissions of approximately million. Offering costs incurred were approximately million. Interest on
the 4.375 2026 Notes is paid semi-annually in arrears on February 28 and August 28, at a rate of per year. The 4.375 2026
Notes mature on February 28, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time on or after November 28, 2025 at par plus a make-whole 
premium, and thereafter at par. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment
objective and strategies. Financing costs of million related to the 4.375 2026 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized
over the term of the 4.375 2026 Notes. 

million aggregate principal amount of the Company s 4.375 2026 Notes (the Additional 4.375 2026 Notes for
net proceeds for approximately million, based on the public offering price of of the aggregate principal amount of the
Additional 4.375 2026 Notes, after deducting the underwriting discount of million and the offering payable by the Company. The Additional
4.375 2026 Notes are treated as a single series with the existing 4.375 2026 Notes under the indenture and had the same terms as the
existing 4.375 2026 Notes. The net proceeds from the offering were used to redeem all of the outstanding 6.25 2025 Notes (as described
above), and for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of million
have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the additional 4.375 2026 Notes. 

F- 58 

million. The 4.375 2026 Notes are not listed and are issued in minimum denominations of and integral
multiples of in excess thereof. As of February 28, 2022, there was million outstanding. The carrying amount of the outstanding
4.375 2026 Notes had a fair value of million, which is based on a market yield analysis and would be classified as a Level 3 liability
within the fair value hierarchy. 

million and million, respectively, of interest expense, million and million, respectively, of
amortization of deferred financing costs and million and million, respectively, of amortization of premium on issuance of 4.375 
Notes due 2026 (inclusive of the issuance of the Additional 4.375 2026 Notes). Interest expense, amortization of deferred financing costs
and amortization of premium on issuance of notes are reported as interest and debt financing expense on the consolidated statements of
operations. During the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the average dollar amount of 4.375 2026 Notes outstanding
was million and million respectively. 

million aggregate principal
amount of our fixed-rate Notes due in 2027 (the 4.35 2027 Notes for net proceeds of million, based on the
public offering price of of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.35 2027 Notes, after deducting the underwriting commissions
of approximately million. Offering costs incurred were approximately million. The 4.35 2027 Notes mature on February
28, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time prior to November 28, 2026, at par plus a make-whole 
premium, and thereafter at par. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment
objective and strategies. Financing costs of million related to the 4.35 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized
over the term of the 4.35 2027 Notes.

million. The 4.35 2027 Notes are not listed. As of February 28, 2022, there was million outstanding.
The carrying amount of the outstanding 4.35 2027 Notes had a fair value of million, which is based on a market yield analysis and
would be classified as a Level 3 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 

million and million, respectively, of interest expense, million and million, respectively,
of amortization of deferred financing costs and million and million, respectively, of amortization of discount on issuance
of 4.35 Notes due 2027 (inclusive of the issuance of the Additional 4.35 2027 Notes). Interest expense, amortization of deferred financing
costs and amortization of discount on issuance of notes are reported as interest and debt financing expense on the consolidated statements
of operations. During the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the average dollar amount of 4.35 2027 Notes outstanding
was million and million respectively. 

million in aggregate principal amount of our fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 6.00 
2027 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately million. Offering
costs incurred were approximately million. On May 10, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional
 million in aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were million after deducting underwriting
commissions of approximately million. The 6.00 2027 Notes mature on April 30, 2027 and commencing April 27, 2024, may be
redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general
corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of million related to the 6.00 2027
Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 6.00 2027 Notes. The 6.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE
under the trading symbol SAT with a par value of per note. 

million in
aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes (the Additional 6.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of million, based
on the public offering price of of the aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes. The Additional 6.00 2027 Notes are
treated as a single series with the existing 6.00 2027 Notes under the indenture and had the same terms as the existing 6.00 2027 Notes.
The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our investment objective and strategies.
Additional offering costs incurred were approximately million. Additional financing costs of million related to the 6.00 2027
Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 6.00 2027 Notes. 

F- 59 

million. The 6.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the
trading symbol SAT with a par value of per note. As of February 28, 2023, the carrying amount and fair value of
the 6.00 2027 Notes was million and million, respectively. The fair value of the 6.00 2027 Notes, which are publicly
traded, is based upon closing market quotes as of the measurement date and would be classified as a Level 1 liability within the fair
value hierarchy. 

million in aggregate principal amount of our fixed-rate notes due 2025 (the 7.00 
2025 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting customary fees and offering expenses of approximately million.
 The 7.00 2025 Notes mature on September 8, 2025 and commencing September 8, 2024, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time
or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with our
investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of million related to the 7.00 2025 Notes have been capitalized and are being
amortized over the term of the 7.00 2025 Notes. 

million. The 7.00 2025 Notes are not listed. As of February 28, 2022, there was million outstanding.
The carrying amount of the outstanding 7.00 2025 Notes had a fair value of million, which is based on a market yield analysis and
would be classified as a Level 3 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 

million and million, respectively, of interest expense, million and million, respectively,
of amortization of deferred financing costs and million and million, respectively, of amortization of discount on issuance
of 7.00 Notes due 2025. Interest expense, amortization of deferred financing costs and amortization of discount on issuance of notes
are reported as interest and debt financing expense on the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended February 28,
2023 and February 28, 2022, the average dollar amount of 7.00 2025 Notes outstanding was million and million respectively. 

million in aggregate
principal amount of our fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 8.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting
underwriting commissions of approximately million. Offering costs incurred were approximately million. On November 10, 2022,
the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 8.00 2027
Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately million. per year, beginning
February 28, 2023. The 8.00 2027 Notes mature on October 31, 2027 and commencing October 27, 2024, may be redeemed in whole or in part
at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance
with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of million related to the 8.00 2027 Notes have been capitalized and
are being amortized over the term of the 8.00 2027 Notes. The 8.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAJ 
with a par value of per note.

million. The 8.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the
trading symbol SAJ with a par value of per note. As of February 28, 2023, the carrying amount and fair value of
the 8.00 2027 Notes was million and million, respectively. The fair value of the 8.00 2027 Notes, which are publicly traded,
is based upon closing market quotes as of the measurement date and would be classified as a Level 1 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 

million in aggregate
principal amount of our fixed-rate notes due 2027 (the 8.125 2027 Notes for net proceeds of million after
deducting underwriting commissions of approximately million. Offering costs incurred were approximately million. On December
21, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional million in aggregate principal amount of its
 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately million.
Interest on the 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate of 
per year, beginning February 28, 2023. The 8.125 2027 Notes mature on December 31, 2027 and commencing December 13, 2024, may be
redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from this offering were used to make investments
in middle-market companies (including investments made through our SBIC Subsidiaries) in accordance with our investment objective and
strategies and for general corporate purposes. Financing costs of million related to the 8.125 2027 Notes have been capitalized
and are being amortized over the term of the 8.125 2027 Notes. The 8.125 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol
 SAY with a par value of per share. 

million. The 8.125 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAY with a par
value of per note. As of February 28, 2023, the carrying amount and fair value of the 8.125 2027 Notes was million and 
million, respectively. The fair value of the 8.125 2027 Notes, which are publicly traded, is based upon closing market quotes as of the
measurement date and would be classified as a Level 1 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 

F- 60 

SENIOR SECURITIES 

(dollar
amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal yaer 2022 (as of February 28, 2022) 

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Credit Facility with Madison Capital Funding(14) 

Fiscal year 2021 (as of February 28, 2021) 
 -

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2020 (as of February 29, 2020) 
 -

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2019 (as of February 28, 2019) 
 -

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2018 (as of February 28, 2018) 
 -

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2017 (as of February 28, 2017) 
 -

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2016 (as of February 29, 2016) 
 -

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2015 (as of February 28, 2015) 

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2014 (as of February 28, 2014) 
 -

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2013 (as of February 28, 2013) 

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2012 (as of February 29, 2012) 

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2011 (as of February 28, 2011) 

-
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2010 (as of February 28, 2010) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2009 (as of February 28, 2009) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2008 (as of February 29, 2008) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2007 (as of February 28, 2007) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 7.50 Notes due 2020(7) 

Fiscal year 2017 (as of February 28, 2017) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2016 (as of February 29, 2016) 

-
 
 (8) 
 
 Fiscal year 2015 (as of February 28, 2015) 

-
 
 (8) 
 
 Fiscal year 2014 (as of February 28, 2014) 

-
 
 (8) 
 
 Fiscal year 2013 (as of February 28, 2013) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2012 (as of February 29, 2012) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2011 (as of February 28, 2011) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2010 (as of February 28, 2010) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2009 (as of February 28, 2009) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2008 (as of February 29, 2008) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2007 (as of February 28, 2007) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 6.75 Notes due 2023(9) 

Fiscal year 2020 (as of February 29, 2020) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2019 (as of February 28, 2019) 

-
 
 (10) 
 
 Fiscal year 2018 (as of February 28, 2018) 

-
 
 (10) 
 
 Fiscal year 2017 (as of February 28, 2017) 

-
 
 (10) 
 
 6.25 Notes due 2025(13) 

Fiscal year 2022 (as of February 28, 2022) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2021 (as of February 28, 2021) 

-
 
 (11) 
 
 Fiscal year 2020 (as of February 29, 2020) 

-
 
 (11) 
 
 Fiscal year 2019 (as of February 28, 2019) 

-
 
 (11) 
 
 7.00 Notes due 2025 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 7.25 Notes due 2025(16) 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 (as of February 28, 2022) 

-
 
 (11) 
 
 Fiscal year 2021 (as of February 28, 2021) 

-
 
 (11) 
 
 7.75 Notes due 2025 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 (as of February 28, 2022) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 Fiscal year 2021 (as of February 28, 2021) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 4.375 Notes due 2026 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 (as of February 28, 2022) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 4.35 Notes due 2027 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 (as of February 28, 2022) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 6.25 Notes due 2027 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 (as of February 28, 2022) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 Fiscal year 2021 (as of February 28, 2021) 

-
 
 (12) 
 
 6.00 Notes due 2027 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 

-
 
 (15) 
 
 8.00 Notes due 2027 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 

-
 
 (15) 
 
 8.125 Notes due 2027 

Fiscal year 2023 (as of February 28, 2023) 

-
 
 (15) 

asset coverage ratio we are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. 

F- 61 

(3) (4) of indebtedness, calculated on a total basis. (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) million and million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of the million in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 2023 Notes. (10) (11) 
 (12) 
 (13) million in aggregate principal amount of the issued and outstanding 2025 Notes. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the 2026 Notes offering, which was completed in July 2021, to redeem the 2025 Notes in full. (14) (15) (16) million in aggregate principal amount of the issued and outstanding 2025 Notes. 

- 
 
 -
 
 -

SBA debentures 
 
 - 

6.00 2025 Notes 
 
 - 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 7.75 2025 Notes 
 
 - 
 
 -
 
 -

4.375 2026 Notes 
 
 - 
 -

-

4.35 2027 Notes 
 
 - 
 -

-

6.00 2027 Notes 
 
 - 
 -

-

6.25 2027 Notes 
 
 - 
 -

-

8.00 2027 Notes 
 
 - 
 -

-

8.125 2027 Notes 
 
 - 
 -

-

Total Long-Term Debt Obligations 
 
 - 

F- 62 

million and million, respectively, of unfunded commitments outstanding to provide debt financing
to its portfolio companies or to fund limited partnership interests. Such commitments are generally up to the Company s discretion
to approve, or the satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk
in excess of the amount recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities and are not reflected in the
Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. 

-

Artemis Wax Corp. 
 -

Ascend Software, LLC 

Axero Holdings, LLC 
 -

Book4Time, Inc. 
 -

Davisware, LLC 
 -

Granite Comfort, LP 
 
 -

JDXpert 
 
 -

LFR Chicken LLC 

Netreo Holdings, LLC 
 -

Pepper Palace, Inc. 

Procurement Partners, LLC 

Saratoga Senior Loan Fund I JV, LLC 

Sceptre Hospitality Resources, LLC 

Total 

At portfolio company s discretion - satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants required 

ARC Health OpCo LLC 
 
 -

Artemis Wax Corp. 

Ascend Software, LLC 

Axero Holdings, LLC 
 -

Axero Holdings, LLC - Revolver 

Davisware, LLC 
 -

Exigo, LLC 

Exigo, LLC - Revolver 

GDS Software Holdings, LLC 
 -

Gen4 Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 
 
 -

GoReact 

HemaTerra Holding Company, LLC 
 -
 
 -

JDXpert 
 
 -

LFR Chicken LLC 
 -

Madison Logic, Inc. - Revolver 
 -

New England Dental Partners 
 -

Passageways, Inc. 
 -
 
 -

Pepper Palace, Inc. 

Pepper Palace, Inc. - Revolver 

Procurement Partners, LLC 
 
 -

Zollege PBC 

Total 

million and
 million in available borrowings under the Encina Credit Facility. 

. They also receive plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending
each board meeting and receive plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each
committee meeting. In addition, the chairman of the Audit Committee receives an annual fee of and the chairman of each other committee
receives an annual fee of for their additional services in these capacities. In addition, we have purchased directors and
officers liability insurance on behalf of our directors and officers. Independent directors have the option to receive their directors 
fees in the form of our common stock issued at a price per share equal to the greater of NAV or the market price at the time of payment.
No compensation is paid to directors who are interested persons of the Company (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940
Act). For the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, we incurred million, million and 
million for directors fees and expenses, respectively. As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, million and million
in directors fees and expenses were accrued and unpaid, respectively. As of February 28, 2023, we had not issued any common stock
to our directors as compensation for their services. 

F- 63 

in exchange for shares, constituting all of the issued and
outstanding shares of the LLC. 

and shares of common stock, priced at per share, to GSC Group and certain
individual employees of GSC Group, respectively, in exchange for the general partnership interest and a limited partnership interest
in GSC Partners CDO III GP, LP, collectively valued at million. At this time, the shares owned by GSC Group in the LLC were
exchanged for shares of the Company. 

shares of common stock, priced at per share, before underwriting discounts
and commissions. Total proceeds received from the IPO, net of million in underwriter s discount and commissions, and 
million in offering costs, were million. 

shares of common stock at per share. Total proceeds received from
this sale were million. 

. Immediately after the reverse stock
split, we had shares of our common stock outstanding. 

million of our common stock
through an ATM offering. Subsequent to this, BB T Capital Markets and B. Riley FBR, Inc. were also added to the agreement. On July
11, 2019, the amount of the common stock to be offered was increased to million, and on October 8, 2019, the amount of the common
stock to be offered was increased to million. This agreement was terminated as of July 29, 2021. As of February 28, 2021, the Company
sold shares for gross proceeds of million at an average price of for aggregate net proceeds of million (net
of transaction costs). For the year ended February 28, 2021, there was no activity related to the ATM offerings. 

shares of its common stock priced at per share (par value per share) at an
aggregate total of million. The Company also granted the underwriters a 30-day option
to purchase up to an additional shares of its common stock, which was not exercised. 

F- 64 

million of our common stock through the Agents, or to them, as principal
for their account. As of February 28, 2023, the Company sold shares for gross proceeds of million at an average price
of for aggregate net proceeds of million (net of transaction costs). For the year ended February 28, 2023, there was no
activity related to the ATM offerings. 

Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Decrease from Shareholder Distributions: 

Distributions of investment income net 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Capital Share Transactions: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Stock dividend distribution 

-

Repurchases of common stock 

-

Repurchase fees 
 - 
 -

-

Offering costs 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at May 31, 2021 

Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Income tax (provision) benefit from realized gain on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Decrease from Shareholder Distributions: 

Distributions of investment income net 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Capital Share Transactions: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

-

Stock dividend distribution 

-

Repurchases of common stock 

-

Repurchase fees 
 - 
 -

-

Offering costs 
 - 
 -

-

Balance at August 31, 2021 

F- 65 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Income tax (provision) benefit from realized gain on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Decrease from Shareholder Distributions: 

Distributions of investment income net 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Capital Share Transactions: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

-

Stock dividend distribution 

-

Repurchases of common stock 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Repurchase fees 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Offering costs 
 - 
 -

-

Balance at November 30, 2021 

Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Income tax (provision) benefit from realized gain on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Decrease from Shareholder Distributions: 

Distributions of investment income net 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Capital Share Transactions: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

-

Stock dividend distribution 

-

Repurchases of common stock 

-

Repurchase fees 

-

Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 -

Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 - 
 -

-

Balance at February 28, 2022 

Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Income tax (provision) benefit from realized gain on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Decrease from Shareholder Distributions: 

Distributions of investment income net 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Capital Share Transactions: 

Stock dividend distribution 

-

Repurchases of common stock 

-

Repurchase fees 
 - 
 -

-

Balance at May 31, 2022 

F- 66 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Decrease from Shareholder Distributions: 

Distributions of investment income net 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Capital Share Transactions: 

Stock dividend distribution 

-

Repurchases of common stock 

-

Repurchase fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at August 31, 2022 

Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Income tax (provision) benefit from realized gain on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Decrease from Shareholder Distributions: 

Distributions of investment income net 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Capital Share Transactions: 

Stock dividend distribution 

- 

Repurchases of common stock 

- 

Repurchase fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at November 30, 2022 

Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net change in provision for deferred taxes on unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Decrease from Shareholder Distributions: 

Distributions of investment income net 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Capital Share Transactions: 

Stock dividend distribution 

- 

Repurchases of common stock 

- 

Repurchase fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Balance at February 28, 2023 

F- 67 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Weighted average earnings per common share 

distribution requirement or otherwise fail to qualify as a RIC in any tax year, we would be subject to tax
in that year on all of our taxable income, regardless of whether we made any distributions to our shareholders. Shareholders have the
option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock. Our distributions for the tax years ended February
28, 2023 to inception were as follows: 

(1) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2023 

January 4, 2023 
 (2) 
 
 September 29, 2022 
 (3) 
 
 June 29, 2022 
 (4) 
 
 March 28, 2022 
 (5) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2022 

January 19, 2022 
 (6) 
 
 September 28, 2021 
 (7) 
 
 June 29, 2021 
 (8) 
 
 April 22, 2021 
 (9) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2021 

February 10, 2021 
 (10) 
 
 November 10, 2020 
 (11) 
 
 August 12, 2020 
 (12) 

Tax Year Ended February 29, 2020 

February 6, 2020 
 (13) 
 
 September 26, 2019 
 (14) 
 
 June 27, 2019 
 (15) 
 
 March 28, 2019 
 (16) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2019 

January 2, 2019 
 (17) 
 
 September 27, 2018 
 (18) 
 
 June 27, 2018 
 (19) 
 
 March 26, 2018 
 (20) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2018 

December 27, 2017 
 (21) 
 
 September 26, 2017 
 (22) 
 
 June 27, 2017 
 (23) 
 
 March 28, 2017 
 (24) 

F- 68 

(25) 
 
 November 9, 2016 
 (26) 
 
 September 5, 2016 
 (27) 
 
 August 9, 2016 
 (28) 
 
 April 27, 2016 
 (29) 

Tax Year Ended February 29, 2016 

February 29, 2016 
 (30) 
 
 November 30, 2015 
 (31) 
 
 August 31, 2015 
 (32) 
 
 June 5, 2015 
 (33) 
 
 May 29. 2015 
 (34) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2015 

February 27, 2015 
 (35) 
 
 November 28, 2014 
 (36) 

Tax Year Ended February 28. 2014 

December 27, 2013 
 (37) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2013 

December 31, 2012 
 (38) 

Tax Year Ended February 29, 2012 

December 30, 2011 
 (39) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2011 

December 29, 2010 
 (40) 

Tax Year Ended February 28, 2010 

December 31, 2009 
 (41) 

million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 17, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27, 28, 29, and 30, 2023. (2) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 20, 21, 22, 23, 27, 28, 29 and 30 2022 and January 3 and 4, 2023. (3) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 16, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 26, 27, 28 and 29, 2022. (4) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 15, 16, 17, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27, 28 and 29, 2022. (5) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 15, 16, 17, 18, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 and 28, 2022. 

F- 69 

million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on January 5, 6, 7, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 18 and 19, 2022. (7) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 15, 16, 17, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27 and 28, 2021. (8) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 16, 17, 18, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 28 and 29, 2021. (9) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on April 9,12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 21 and 22, 2021. (10) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on January 28, 29 and February 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9 and 10, 2021. (11) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on October 28, 29, 30 and November 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9 and 10, 2020. (12) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on July 30, 31 and August 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 10, 11 and 12, 2020. 

F- 70 

million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on January 24, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31 and February 3, 4, 5 and 6, 2020. (14) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 13, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25 and 26, 2019. (15) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26 and 27, 2019. (16) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26, 27 and 28, 2019. (17) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 26, 27, 28, 31, 2018 and January 2, 2019. (18) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26 and 27, 2018. (19) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26 and 27, 2018. (20) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 26, 2018. (21) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 26 and 27, 2017. (22) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on September 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25 and 26, 2017. (23) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on June 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 26 and 27, 2017. 

F- 71 

million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on March 15, 16, 17, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27 and 28, 2017. (25) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on January 27, 30, 31 and February 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8 and 9, 2017. (26) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on October 27, 28, 31 and November 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 8 and 9, 2016. (27) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on August 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 29, 30, 31 and September 1 and 2, 2016. (28) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on July 27, 28, 29 and August 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8 and 9, 2016. (29) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on April 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26 and 27, 2016. (30) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on February 16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 29, 2016. (31) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on November 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 27 and 30, 2015. (32) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on August 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28 and 31, 2015. (33) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on May 22, 26, 27, 28, 29 and June 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, 2015. (34) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on May 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 26, 27, 28 and 29, 2015. 

F- 72 

million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on February 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 27, 2015. (36) million in cash and newly issued shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled of the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on November 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26 and 28, 2014. (37) million in cash and shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 11, 13 and 16, 2013. (38) million in cash and shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 14, 17 and 19, 2012. (39) million in cash and shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 20, 21 and 22, 2011. (40) million in cash and shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 20, 21 and 22, 2010. (41) million in cash and shares of common stock, or of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 24 and 28, 2009. 

F- 73 

November 15, 2022 

August 29, 2022 

May 26, 2022 

Total dividends declared 

August 26, 2021 

May 27, 2021 

March 22, 2021 

Total dividends declared 

October 7, 2020 

July 7, 2020 

Total dividends declared 

August 27, 2019 

May 28, 2019 

February 26, 2019 

Total dividends declared 

August 28, 2018 

May 30, 2018 

February 26, 2018 

Total dividends declared 

F- 74 

Adoption of ASC 606 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 

Net asset value at beginning of period, as adjusted 

Net investment income(1) 

Net realized and unrealized gain and losses on investments(1) 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 

-

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Distributions declared from net investment income 

Total distributions to stockholders 

Issuance of common stock above net asset value(2) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Repurchases of common stock(3) 

-
 
 -

Dilution(4) 
 
 -

Net asset value at end of period 

Net assets at end of period 

Shares outstanding at end of period 

Per share market value at end of period 

Total return based on market value(5) 

Total return based on net asset value(6) 

Ratio/Supplemental data: 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 

Ratio of loss on extinguishment of debt to average net assets 

-

Expenses: 

Ratios of operating expenses and income taxes to average net assets 

Ratio of incentive management fees to average net assets 

Ratio of interest and debt financing expenses to average net assets 

Ratio of total expenses and income taxes to average net assets 

Portfolio turnover rate(7) 

Asset coverage ratio per unit(8) 

Average market value per unit 

Revolving Credit Facility(9) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SBA Debentures Payable(9) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 6.75 Notes Payable 2023(10) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

6.25 Notes Payable 2025(11) 
 N/A 
 N/A 

7.00 Notes Payable 2025(9) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 7.25 Notes Payable 2025(12) 
 N/A 

N/A 
 N/A 
 
 7.75 Notes Payable 2025(9) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 4.375 Notes Payable(9) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 4.35 Notes Payable(9) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 6.25 Notes Payable 2027(9) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 6.00 Notes Payable 2027 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 8.00 Notes Payable 2027 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 8.125 Notes Payable 2027 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

F- 75 

of indebtedness. Asset coverage ratio per unit does not include unfunded commitments. The inclusion of unfunded commitments in the calculation of the asset coverage ratio per unit would not cause us to be below the required amount of regulatory coverage. 

F- 76 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 
 
 -

-

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Net investment income per common share 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) per common share 

Dividends declared per common share 

Net asset value per common share 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 

-

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Net investment income per common share 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) per common share 

Dividends declared per common share 

Net asset value per common share 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Net investment income per common share 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) per common share 

Dividends declared per common share 

- 
 
 Net asset value per common share 

million and million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of our 8.75 2024 Notes for net proceeds in each issuance of approximately
 million after deducting customary fees of and offering expenses of approximately million. Interest on the 2024 Notes
will be paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, beginning on May 31, 2023, at a rate of 8.75 per
year. The 8.75 2024 Notes will mature on March 31, 2024, unless extended to March 31, 2025 at the sole discretion of the Company. The
net proceeds from the offering were used make investments in middle-market companies in accordance with our investment objective
and strategies (including investments made through SBIC III LP) and for general corporate purposes. 

F- 77 

INDEX
TO OTHER FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

PAGE 
 
 Independent Auditor s Report 
 S-2 
 
 Statements
 of Assets and Liabilities as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 
 S-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 
 S-4 

Statements
 of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 
 S-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2021 and February 28, 2022 
 S-6 

Schedules of Investments as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 
 S-7 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 S-55 

IMPORTANT
NOTE 

In
accordance with certain SEC rules, Saratoga Investment Corp. (the Company is providing additional information regarding
one of its portfolio companies, Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Saratoga CLO ). The Company owns 100 of the
subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO. The additional financial information regarding the Saratoga CLO does not directly impact the
Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

S- 1 

Independent
Auditor s Report 

[Saratoga CLO opinion 2-28-23 draft] 

(CLO) 

To the Board of Directors 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Opinion 

We have audited the financial statements of Saratoga Investment Corp.
CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Saratoga CLO ), which comprise the statements of assets and liabilities, including the schedules of investments,
as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the years ended
February 28, 2023, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes to the financial statements. 

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. as of February 28, 2023
and 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for the years ended February 28, 2023, 2022
and 2021 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America GAAS ). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of
Saratoga CLO and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 

Management is responsible for the preparation
and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate
whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Saratoga CLO s ability to
continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. 

Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there
is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based
on the financial statements. 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS,
we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in
order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of Saratoga CLO s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered
in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Saratoga CLO s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period
of time. 

We are required to communicate with those charged
with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal
control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

May 2, 2023 

S- 2 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Statements
of Assets and Liabilities 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Investments at fair value 

Loans at fair value (amortized cost of 645,599,001 and 653,022,265, respectively) 
 605,954,468 
 638,929,660 
 
 Equities at fair value (amortized cost of 0 and 0, respectively) 
 - 
 33,690 
 
 Total investments at fair value (amortized cost of 645,599,001 and 653,022,265, respectively) 
 605,954,468 
 638,963,350 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 23,776,950 
 6,171,793 
 
 Receivable from open trades 
 1,827,460 
 9,152,660 
 
 Interest receivable (net of reserve of 234,690 and 0, respectively) 
 3,026,720 
 2,062,856 
 
 Due from affiliate (See Note 7) 
 119,150 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 152,760 
 100,067 
 
 Total assets 
 634,857,508 
 656,450,726 

LIABILITIES 

Interest payable 
 4,662,695 
 1,659,776 
 
 Payable from open trades 
 23,184,337 
 18,794,627 
 
 Accrued base management fee 
 72,762 
 72,510 
 
 Accrued subordinated management fee 
 291,047 
 290,040 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 82,565 
 58,716 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Notes: 

Class A-1-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 357,500,000 
 357,500,000 
 
 Class A-2-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 65,000,000 
 65,000,000 
 
 Class B-FL-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 60,500,000 
 60,500,000 
 
 Class B-FXD-R-3 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes 
 11,000,000 
 11,000,000 
 
 Class C-FL-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 26,000,000 
 26,000,000 
 
 Class C-FXD-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Fixed Rate Notes 
 6,500,000 
 6,500,000 
 
 Class D-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 39,000,000 
 39,000,000 
 
 Discount on Class D-R-3 Notes 
 (244,234 
 (268,301 
 
 Class E-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 27,625,000 
 27,625,000 
 
 Discount on Class E-R-3 Notes 
 (2,537,315 
 (2,787,348 
 
 Class F-1-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 8,500,000 
 8,500,000 
 
 Class F-2-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 9,375,000 
 9,375,000 
 
 Deferred debt financing costs 
 (1,897,076 
 (2,086,928 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 111,000,000 
 111,000,000 
 
 Discount on Subordinated Notes 
 (40,130,353 
 (44,084,883 
 
 Total liabilities 
 705,484,428 
 693,648,209 
 
 NET ASSETS 

Ordinary equity, par value 1.00, 250 ordinary shares authorized, 250 and 250 common shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 250 
 250 
 
 Total distributable earnings (loss) 
 (70,627,170 
 (37,197,733 
 
 Total net deficit 
 (70,626,920 
 (37,197,483 
 
 Total liabilities and net assets 
 634,857,508 
 656,450,726 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

S- 3 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Statements
of Operations 

For the years ended 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 February 28, 2021 
 
 INVESTMENT INCOME 

Interest from investments 
 42,505,427 
 30,767,008 
 27,100,908 
 
 Interest from cash and cash equivalents 
 39,754 
 691 
 3,835 
 
 Other income 
 551,174 
 710,708 
 729,235 
 
 Total investment income 
 43,096,355 
 31,478,407 
 27,833,978 

EXPENSES 

Interest and debt financing expenses 
 38,425,261 
 24,220,477 
 25,903,182 
 
 Base management fee 
 653,964 
 652,517 
 501,526 
 
 Subordinated management fee 
 2,615,856 
 2,610,073 
 2,006,101 
 
 Professional fees 
 252,196 
 255,521 
 454,136 
 
 Trustee expenses 
 276,689 
 262,632 
 213,212 
 
 Other expense 
 303,371 
 243,511 
 55,702 
 
 Total expenses 
 42,527,337 
 28,244,731 
 29,133,859 
 
 NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS) 
 569,018 
 3,233,676 
 (1,299,881 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS 

Net realized loss from investments 
 (8,412,837 
 (1,063,813 
 (10,922,627 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 (25,585,618 
 (10,829,482 
 21,775,577 
 
 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 (33,998,455 
 (11,893,295 
 10,852,950 
 
 Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 - 
 (2,988,764 
 
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 
 (33,429,437 
 (8,659,619 
 6,564,305 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

S- 4 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Statements
of Changes in Net Assets 

For the years ended 

February 28, 
2023 
 February 28, 
2022 
 February 28, 
2021 
 
 INCREASE (DECREASE) FROM OPERATIONS: 

Net investment income (loss) 
 569,018 
 3,233,676 
 (1,299,881 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 (8,412,837 
 (1,063,813 
 (10,922,627 
 
 Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 - 
 (2,988,764 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 (25,585,618 
 (10,829,482 
 21,775,577 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (33,429,437 
 (8,659,619 
 6,564,305 
 
 Total increase (decrease) in net assets 
 (33,429,437 
 (8,659,619 
 6,564,305 
 
 Net assets at beginning of period 
 (37,197,483 
 (28,537,864 
 (35,102,169 
 
 Net assets at end of period 
 (70,626,920 
 (37,197,483 
 (28,537,864 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

S- 5 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Statements
of Cash Flows 

For the years ended 

February 28, 
 2023 
 February 28, 
 2022 
 February 28, 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 
 (33,429,437 
 (8,659,618 
 6,564,305 
 
 ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET
 ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS TO NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Payment-in-kind and other adjustments to cost 
 (764,255 
 (609,083 
 261,032 
 
 Net accretion of discount on investments 
 (2,470,677 
 (3,151,234 
 (2,346,642 
 
 Amortization of discount and deferred debt financing costs 
 4,418,481 
 4,418,481 
 3,211,790 
 
 Realized loss on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 - 
 2,988,764 
 
 Net realized (gain) loss from investments 
 8,412,837 
 1,063,812 
 10,922,627 
 
 Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 
 25,585,618 
 10,829,482 
 (21,775,577 
 
 Proceeds from sales and repayments of investments 
 124,326,428 
 247,233,353 
 142,702,281 
 
 Purchases of investments 
 (122,081,068 
 (302,309,641 
 (220,783,828 
 
 (Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Interest receivable, net 
 (963,864 
 (565,523 
 (202,810 
 
 Receivable from open trades 
 7,325,200 
 (7,250,906 
 8,517,946 
 
 Due from affiliate 
 (119,150 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other assets 
 (52,693 
 18,801 
 (34,342 
 
 Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Interest and debt fees payable 
 3,002,919 
 1,535,543 
 (1,965,955 
 
 Payable for open trades 
 4,389,710 
 (47,503,941 
 29,625,097 
 
 Accrued base management fee 
 252 
 65,580 
 (47,511 
 
 Accrued subordinated management fee 
 1,007 
 262,325 
 (190,051 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 23,849 
 (751,044 
 727,938 
 
 Due to affiliate 
 - 
 (2,600,000 
 2,600,000 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 17,605,157 
 (107,973,613 
 (39,224,936 

Financing activities 

Borrowings on debt 
 - 
 - 
 627,359,912 
 
 Paydowns on debt 
 - 
 - 
 (475,100,000 
 
 Deferred debt financing costs paid 
 - 
 - 
 (7,970,611 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 - 
 - 
 144,289,301 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 17,605,157 
 (107,973,613 
 105,064,365 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 6,171,793 
 114,145,406 
 9,081,041 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 
 23,776,950 
 6,171,793 
 114,145,406 

Supplemental Information: 

Interest paid during the period 
 31,003,861 
 18,266,452 
 24,657,347 

Supplemental non-cash information: 

Paid-in-kind interest income and other adjustments to cost 
 764,255 
 609,083 
 (261,032 
 
 Net accretion of discount on investments 
 2,470,677 
 3,151,234 
 2,346,642 
 
 Amortization of deferred debt financing costs 
 4,418,481 
 4,418,481 
 3,211,790 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

S- 6 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 19TH
 HOLDINGS GOLF, LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.67 
 2/7/2029 
 1,997,500 
 1,924,905 
 1,901,380 
 
 888
 Acquisitions Limited 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 5.25 
 0.00 
 9.93 
 7/8/2028 
 2,494,565 
 2,143,085 
 2,126,617 
 
 ADMI
 Corp. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 7.63 
 4/30/2025 
 1,910,276 
 1,907,516 
 1,825,517 
 
 Adtalem
 Global Education Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B (02/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 8.63 
 8/11/2028 
 691,846 
 686,475 
 689,992 
 
 Aegis
 Sciences Corporation 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 1.00 
 10.36 
 5/9/2025 
 2,349,601 
 2,341,307 
 2,268,540 
 
 Agiliti
 Health Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (09/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.75 
 7.38 
 1/4/2026 
 214,286 
 213,103 
 212,946 
 
 Agiliti
 Health Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (1/19) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 7.38 
 1/4/2026 
 1,468,430 
 1,463,378 
 1,457,416 
 
 AHEAD
 DB Holdings, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (04/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.48 
 10/18/2027 
 2,955,000 
 2,871,299 
 2,915,285 
 
 AI
 Convoy (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 B (USD) 
 Loan 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 8.17 
 1/18/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Air
 Canada 
 Transportation:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B (07/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 8.37 
 8/11/2028 
 1,990,000 
 1,851,613 
 1,984,408 
 
 AIS
 HoldCo, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.00 
 9.83 
 8/15/2025 
 4,789,642 
 4,700,517 
 4,622,004 
 
 AIT
 Worldwide Logistics Holdings, Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 
 Term Loan
 (04/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.75 
 9.33 
 4/6/2028 
 2,500,000 
 2,333,827 
 2,407,300 
 
 AL
 GCX Holdings (Arclight) T/L B 
 Energy:
 Oil Gas 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.28 
 5/17/2029 
 976,802 
 971,918 
 975,581 
 
 Alchemy
 US Holdco 1, LLC 
 Metals
 Mining 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 5.60 
 10/10/2025 
 1,654,803 
 1,644,633 
 1,551,378 
 
 AlixPartners,
 LLP 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (01/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 2/4/2028 
 245,625 
 245,275 
 245,050 
 
 Alkermes,
 Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 7.11 
 3/12/2026 
 2,126,218 
 2,112,914 
 2,062,432 
 
 Allen
 Media, LLC 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 
 Term Loan
 (7/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 10.23 
 2/10/2027 
 4,394,261 
 4,368,566 
 3,649,434 
 
 Alliant
 Holdings Intermediate, LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B4 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.09 
 11/5/2027 
 987,500 
 986,800 
 974,781 
 
 Allied
 Universal Holdco LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 4/21 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 8.47 
 5/12/2028 
 1,975,000 
 1,967,474 
 1,900,404 

S- 7 

Saratoga Investment Corp.
CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 

Altisource
 Solutions S.a r.l. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term
 Loan B (03/18) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 8.73 
 4/3/2024 
 1,126,283 
 1,124,635 
 893,142 
 
 Altium
 Packaging LLC 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (01/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 1/29/2028 
 491,250 
 489,554 
 480,506 
 
 American
 Airlines T/L (2/23) 
 Transportation:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 - 
 27 
 - 
 
 American
 Axle Manufacturing Inc. 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 (12/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.16 
 12/5/2029 
 500,000 
 485,367 
 499,000 
 
 American
 Greetings Corporation 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 1.00 
 9.07 
 4/6/2024 
 3,012,861 
 3,011,462 
 3,011,596 
 
 American
 Trailer World Corp 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.47 
 3/3/2028 
 1,357,439 
 1,354,762 
 1,194,967 
 
 AmWINS
 Group, LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.75 
 6.88 
 2/17/2028 
 1,960,017 
 1,940,778 
 1,926,462 
 
 Anastasia
 Parent LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.48 
 8/11/2025 
 957,500 
 955,643 
 791,134 
 
 Anchor
 Glass Container Corporation 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (07/17) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 1.00 
 7.48 
 12/7/2023 
 470,138 
 469,901 
 333,915 
 
 Anchor
 Packaging, LLC 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 8.63 
 7/18/2026 
 977,215 
 971,052 
 952,785 
 
 ANI
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 0.75 
 10.63 
 11/19/2027 
 2,970,000 
 2,922,446 
 2,866,050 
 
 AP
 Core Holdings II LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B1 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.75 
 10.13 
 9/1/2027 
 1,875,000 
 1,852,824 
 1,802,344 
 
 AP
 Core Holdings II LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.75 
 10.13 
 9/1/2027 
 500,000 
 494,095 
 480,415 
 
 APEX
 GROUP TREASURY LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 5.00 
 0.50 
 9.66 
 7/26/2028 
 500,000 
 468,464 
 497,500 
 
 APi
 Group DE, Inc. (J2 Acquisition) 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.13 
 10/1/2026 
 1,757,184 
 1,751,429 
 1,754,548 
 
 APLP
 Holdings Limited Partnership 
 Energy:
 Electricity 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 1.00 
 8.48 
 5/14/2027 
 440,541 
 437,327 
 440,726 
 
 Apollo
 Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 7.38 
 5/15/2026 
 2,939,086 
 2,914,348 
 2,850,914 
 
 Apollo
 Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B1 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 3/6/2028 
 982,500 
 975,109 
 928,463 

S- 8 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 AppLovin
 Corporation 
 High
 Tech Industries 
 Term
 Loan (10/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.10 
 0.50 
 7.70 
 10/21/2028 
 1,488,750 
 1,485,729 
 1,472,002 
 
 AppLovin
 Corporation 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.35 
 0.00 
 7.94 
 8/15/2025 
 979,592 
 979,592 
 972,245 
 
 Aramark
 Corporation 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B (4/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.13 
 4/1/2028 
 1,753,715 
 1,747,448 
 1,747,139 
 
 Aramark
 Corporation 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.38 
 1/15/2027 
 2,331,250 
 2,280,733 
 2,305,023 
 
 ARC
 FALCON I INC. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 8.38 
 9/23/2028 
 863,885 
 860,682 
 811,836 
 
 ARC
 FALCON I INC. (a) 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.00 
 0.50 
 1.00 
 9/29/2028 
 - 
 (512 
 (7,675 
 
 Arches
 Buyer Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 7.97 
 12/6/2027 
 1,484,848 
 1,477,106 
 1,395,758 
 
 Aretec
 Group, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (10/18) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 8.97 
 10/1/2025 
 1,916,203 
 1,913,228 
 1,887,460 
 
 ASP
 BLADE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 8.73 
 10/7/2028 
 99,059 
 98,658 
 82,491 
 
 Asplundh
 Tree Expert, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.38 
 9/7/2027 
 977,500 
 974,396 
 974,010 
 
 AssuredPartners
 Capital, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (2/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 8.13 
 2/12/2027 
 989,796 
 986,847 
 967,773 
 
 Assuredpartners
 Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.12 
 2/12/2027 
 496,250 
 495,400 
 485,084 
 
 Assuredpartners
 Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Incremental
 Term Loan (7/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 2/12/2027 
 985,000 
 985,000 
 962,838 
 
 ASTRO
 ONE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.75 
 10.23 
 9/15/2028 
 2,970,000 
 2,946,187 
 1,767,150 
 
 Asurion,
 LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B10 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 8.68 
 8/19/2028 
 1,995,000 
 1,901,937 
 1,866,741 
 
 Asurion,
 LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B8 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.88 
 12/18/2026 
 2,964,858 
 2,956,667 
 2,817,683 
 
 ATHENAHEALTH
 GROUP INC. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B (2/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.06 
 2/15/2029 
 1,330,543 
 1,325,206 
 1,227,426 
 
 ATHENAHEALTH
 GROUP INC. (a) 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan (02/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 2/15/2029 
 - 
 - 
 (12,636 

S- 9 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Avison
 Young (Canada) Inc 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan (08/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 7.00 
 0.00 
 11.73 
 1/31/2026 
 748,125 
 708,918 
 635,906 
 
 Avison
 Young (Canada) Inc 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.75 
 0.00 
 10.48 
 1/31/2026 
 3,370,882 
 3,344,831 
 2,646,142 
 
 Avolon
 TLB Borrower 1 (US) LLC 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 B5 (7/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.50 
 6.85 
 12/1/2027 
 490,000 
 486,530 
 489,539 
 
 Avolon
 TLB Borrower 1 (US) LLC 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 B3 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.75 
 6.35 
 1/15/2025 
 1,000,000 
 932,184 
 998,440 
 
 Axalta
 Coating Systems Dutch Holding B B.V. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 B-4 Dollar 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.51 
 12/7/2029 
 1,000,000 
 990,447 
 1,003,570 
 
 AZURITY
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 0.75 
 10.75 
 9/20/2027 
 475,000 
 463,094 
 457,188 
 
 B G
 Foods, Inc. 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.13 
 10/10/2026 
 642,295 
 638,890 
 613,391 
 
 B.C.
 Unlimited Liability Co (Burger King) 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 B4 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.38 
 11/19/2026 
 1,455,000 
 1,430,342 
 1,440,712 
 
 BAKELITE
 UK INTERMEDIATE LTD. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 8.73 
 5/29/2029 
 995,000 
 990,609 
 940,275 
 
 Baldwin
 Risk Partners, LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.10 
 10/14/2027 
 1,226,325 
 1,215,617 
 1,205,637 
 
 Bausch
 Health Companies Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B (1/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.25 
 0.50 
 9.91 
 2/1/2027 
 1,950,000 
 1,764,574 
 1,534,299 
 
 Belfor
 Holdings Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B-2 (3/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.87 
 4/6/2026 
 994,911 
 971,026 
 992,424 
 
 Belfor
 Holdings Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 8.63 
 4/6/2026 
 245,547 
 245,547 
 244,995 
 
 Belron
 Finance US LLC 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 4/13/2028 
 1,965,000 
 1,950,181 
 1,960,913 
 
 Bengal
 Debt Merger Sub LLC 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 7.93 
 1/24/2029 
 1,990,000 
 1,988,811 
 1,804,273 
 
 Blackstone
 Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (6/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 4/23/2026 
 1,465,141 
 1,457,842 
 1,441,332 
 
 Blackstone
 Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.88 
 4/23/2026 
 979,747 
 975,006 
 952,804 
 
 Blue
 Tree Holdings, Inc. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.23 
 3/4/2028 
 982,500 
 980,692 
 967,763 

S- 10 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Bombardier
 Recreational Products, Inc. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term
 Loan 12/22 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.12 
 12/12/2029 
 498,750 
 486,572 
 496,007 
 
 Bombardier
 Recreational Products, Inc. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 (1/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 6.63 
 5/24/2027 
 1,455,049 
 1,449,140 
 1,416,854 
 
 Boxer
 Parent Company, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.38 
 10/2/2025 
 516,794 
 516,794 
 509,827 
 
 Bracket
 Intermediate Holding Corp 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 9.04 
 9/5/2025 
 957,500 
 955,597 
 929,378 
 
 BrightSpring
 Health Services (Phoenix Guarantor) 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B-3 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 8.13 
 3/5/2026 
 982,500 
 982,500 
 967,556 
 
 BroadStreet
 Partners, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B3 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 7.63 
 1/22/2027 
 2,948,786 
 2,944,577 
 2,906,412 
 
 Brookfield
 WEC Holdings Inc. 
 Energy:
 Electricity 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 8/1/2025 
 1,462,613 
 1,464,152 
 1,456,090 
 
 BROWN
 GROUP HOLDING, LLC 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 B-2 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.37 
 6/8/2029 
 498,750 
 487,209 
 498,336 
 
 Buckeye
 Partners, L.P. 
 Utilities:
 Oil Gas 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.82 
 11/1/2026 
 1,950,188 
 1,941,198 
 1,946,931 
 
 BW
 Gas Convenience Holdings LLC 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 3/31/2028 
 2,462,500 
 2,443,814 
 2,437,875 
 
 Callaway
 Golf Company 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.00 
 9.13 
 1/4/2026 
 675,000 
 668,575 
 674,582 
 
 Camping
 World, Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B (5/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.75 
 7.09 
 6/5/2028 
 2,487,342 
 2,268,038 
 2,208,560 
 
 CareerBuilder,
 LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 6.75 
 1.00 
 11.48 
 7/31/2023 
 5,393,388 
 5,347,671 
 3,513,792 
 
 Castle
 US Holding Corporation 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan
 B (USD) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.38 
 1/27/2027 
 1,963,384 
 1,954,023 
 1,375,469 
 
 CASTLELAKE
 AVIATION LLC 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.31 
 10/21/2027 
 1,000,000 
 992,500 
 987,080 
 
 CBI
 BUYER, INC. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 7.88 
 1/6/2028 
 2,969,887 
 2,814,181 
 2,026,948 
 
 CCC
 Intelligent Solutions Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.50 
 6.88 
 9/16/2028 
 247,500 
 247,017 
 244,612 
 
 CCI
 Buyer, Inc 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 8.58 
 12/17/2027 
 245,625 
 243,880 
 241,223 

S- 11 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 CCRR Parent, Inc. 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.97 
 3/5/2028 
 1,000,000 
 951,484 
 975,000 
 
 CCRR Parent, Inc. 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.39 
 3/5/2028 
 982,500 
 978,899 
 957,938 
 
 CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc. 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 10.13 
 9/25/2025 
 2,400,000 
 2,390,330 
 1,605,504 
 
 CDK GLOBAL, INC. 
 High Tech Industries 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 9.08 
 7/6/2029 
 1,000,000 
 971,508 
 996,150 
 
 Cengage Learning, Inc. 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan B (6/21) 
 Loan 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 1.00 
 9.88 
 7/14/2026 
 2,962,500 
 2,942,124 
 2,794,171 
 
 CENTURI GROUP, INC. 
 Construction Building 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 7.45 
 8/27/2028 
 878,330 
 871,190 
 870,100 
 
 CenturyLink, Inc. 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan B (1/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.88 
 3/15/2027 
 3,887,492 
 3,883,600 
 3,208,269 
 
 Charlotte Buyer, Inc. 
 Services: Business 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.25 
 0.00 
 9.81 
 2/11/2028 
 1,500,000 
 1,403,100 
 1,455,945 
 
 Chemours Company, (The) 
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.39 
 4/3/2025 
 905,031 
 880,859 
 898,406 
 
 Churchill Downs Incorporated 
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan B1 (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 6.64 
 3/17/2028 
 491,250 
 490,382 
 486,952 
 
 CIMPRESS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 USD Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 5/17/2028 
 1,979,950 
 1,892,607 
 1,785,419 
 
 CITADEL SECURITIES LP 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan B (01/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.23 
 2/2/2028 
 4,912,500 
 4,910,914 
 4,865,684 
 
 Clarios Global LP 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan B1 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.88 
 4/30/2026 
 1,267,812 
 1,261,524 
 1,260,091 
 
 Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan B-1 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 9.16 
 8/9/2026 
 3,439,962 
 3,421,651 
 3,401,262 
 
 CLYDESDALE ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Containers, Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.18 
 0.50 
 8.89 
 4/13/2029 
 1,492,500 
 1,458,949 
 1,469,993 
 
 Cole Haan 
 Consumer goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 10.23 
 2/7/2025 
 875,000 
 871,486 
 841,461 
 
 Columbus McKinnon Corporation 
 Capital Equipment 
 Term Loan (4/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.50 
 5/14/2028 
 449,172 
 448,339 
 446,926 
 
 Conduent, Inc. 
 Services: Business 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.88 
 10/16/2028 
 1,787,985 
 1,755,247 
 1,742,177 
 
 Connect Finco SARL 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 8.14 
 12/11/2026 
 2,917,500 
 2,816,917 
 2,863,526 
 
 Consolidated Communications, Inc. 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 8.19 
 10/2/2027 
 2,714,005 
 2,520,099 
 2,435,819 

S- 12 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 CORAL-US
 CO-BORROWER LLC 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 Term Loan B-5 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

2.25 

0.00 

6.84 

1/31/2028 

4,000,000 

3,988,733 

3,867,160 

Corelogic,
 Inc. 
 
 Services: Business 
 
 Term Loan (4/21) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

3.50 

0.50 

8.19 

6/2/2028 

2,468,750 

2,459,383 

2,110,164 

Cortes
 NP Acquisition Corp (Vertiv) 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 Term Loan 2/21 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

2.75 

0.00 

7.32 

3/2/2027 

1,960,000 

1,960,000 

1,934,579 

COWEN
 INC. 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance
 Real Estate 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 Loan 
 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 

3.25 

0.00 

7.43 

3/24/2028 

3,927,406 

3,907,308 

3,922,496 

Creative
 Artists Agency, LLC 
 
 Media: Diversified 
 Production 
 
 Term Loan B (02/23) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD SOFR+ 

3.50 

0.00 

8.06 

11/1/2028 

1,600,000 

1,588,000 

1,595,008 

CROCS
 INC 
 
 Consumer goods: Durable 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 Loan 
 
 6M USD SOFR+ 

3.50 

0.50 

7.73 

2/20/2029 

2,512,500 

2,421,039 

2,504,133 

Cross
 Financial Corp 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance
 Real Estate 
 
 Term Loan B (3/21) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

4.00 

0.75 

8.69 

9/15/2027 

492,500 

492,174 

489,422 

Crown
 Subsea Communications Holding, Inc. 
 
 Construction Building 
 
 Term Loan (4/21) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

4.75 

0.75 

9.32 

4/27/2027 

3,404,110 

3,377,740 

3,340,283 

CSC
 Holdings LLC (Neptune Finco Corp.) 
 
 Media: Broadcasting 
 Subscription 
 
 Term Loan B-5 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

2.50 

0.00 

7.09 

4/15/2027 

485,000 

485,000 

435,894 

CSC
 Holdings LLC (Neptune Finco Corp.) 
 
 Media: Broadcasting 
 Subscription 
 
 Term Loan 12/22 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD SOFR+ 

4.50 

0.00 

9.06 

4/15/2027 

2,400,032 

2,389,363 

2,244,030 

CTS
 Midco, LLC 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 
 Term Loan B 
 
 Loan 
 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 

6.00 

1.00 

10.83 

11/2/2027 

1,960,000 

1,917,602 

1,666,000 

Daseke
 Inc 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 
 Term Loan 2/21 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

4.00 

0.75 

8.64 

3/5/2028 

1,473,750 

1,468,500 

1,468,223 

Dave
 Buster s Inc. 
 
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 
 Term Loan B (04/22) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD SOFR+ 

5.00 

0.50 

9.75 

6/29/2029 

995,000 

948,574 

997,736 

DCert
 Buyer, Inc. 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 Loan 
 
 6M USD SOFR+ 

4.00 

0.00 

8.70 

10/16/2026 

1,469,773 

1,469,773 

1,446,257 

Delek
 US Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Utilities: Oil Gas 
 
 Term Loan B (11/22) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD SOFR+ 

3.50 

0.50 

8.22 

11/16/2029 

5,400,000 

5,285,256 

5,298,750 

Delta
 2 Lux Sarl 
 
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 
 Term Loan B 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD SOFR+ 

3.25 

0.50 

7.87 

1/15/2030 

1,000,000 

990,424 

1,001,750 

DexKo
 Global, Inc. (Dragon Merger) 
 
 Automotive 
 
 Term Loan (9/21) 
 
 Loan 
 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 

3.75 

0.50 

8.48 

10/4/2028 

992,500 

989,236 

928,980 

DG
 Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. 
 
 Aerospace Defense 
 
 Incremental Term Loan (3/22) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD SOFR+ 

4.75 

0.75 

9.37 

3/31/2028 

498,750 

479,659 

488,152 

Diamond
 Sports Group, LLC (b) 
 
 Media: Broadcasting 
 Subscription 
 
 Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 Loan 
 
 3M USD SOFR+ 

3.40 

0.00 

8.03 

8/24/2026 

3,374,880 

3,017,273 

382,306 

Diamond
 Sports Group, LLC (b) 
 
 Media: Broadcasting 
 Subscription 
 
 1 st Priority
 Term Loan 
 
 Loan 
 
 6M USD SOFR+ 

8.00 

1.00 

13.06 

5/25/2026 

342,343 

333,975 

318,951 

S- 13 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 DIRECTV
 FINANCING, LLC 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 9.63 
 8/2/2027 
 3,550,000 
 3,523,794 
 3,448,754 
 
 DISCOVERY
 PURCHASER CORPORATION 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.38 
 0.50 
 8.96 
 10/4/2029 
 1,500,000 
 1,385,334 
 1,433,310 
 
 Dispatch
 Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 Environmental
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 8.98 
 3/25/2028 
 492,500 
 488,806 
 434,631 
 
 DOMTAR
 CORPORATION 
 Forest
 Products Paper 
 Term Loan
 9/21 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.75 
 10.10 
 11/30/2028 
 1,310,136 
 1,272,492 
 1,286,121 
 
 DOTDASH
 MEREDITH, INC. 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 8.67 
 11/30/2028 
 1,994,949 
 1,803,027 
 1,755,556 
 
 DRI
 HOLDING INC. 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan
 (12/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.25 
 0.50 
 9.88 
 12/15/2028 
 3,972,487 
 3,830,439 
 3,552,913 
 
 DRW
 Holdings, LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.38 
 3/1/2028 
 6,435,000 
 6,396,896 
 6,284,164 
 
 DTZ
 U.S. Borrower, LLC 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 7.38 
 8/21/2025 
 1,612,878 
 1,609,665 
 1,602,798 
 
 DTZ
 U.S. Borrower, LLC 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 (01/23) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.97 
 1/31/2030 
 2,034,413 
 2,031,025 
 2,021,698 
 
 EAB
 Global, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (08/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 8/16/2028 
 990,000 
 985,965 
 969,586 
 
 Echo
 Global Logistics, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 11/23/2028 
 1,985,000 
 1,981,077 
 1,916,776 
 
 Edelman
 Financial Group Inc., The 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 8.13 
 4/7/2028 
 2,188,547 
 2,182,686 
 2,129,281 
 
 Electrical
 Components Inter., Inc. 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 (6/18) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 8.88 
 6/26/2025 
 1,888,404 
 1,888,404 
 1,719,638 
 
 ELECTRON
 BIDCO INC. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.63 
 11/1/2028 
 496,250 
 494,396 
 491,208 
 
 ELO
 Touch Solutions, Inc. 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 
 Term Loan
 (12/18) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 6.50 
 0.00 
 11.13 
 12/14/2025 
 2,175,269 
 2,121,627 
 2,169,831 
 
 Embecta
 Corp 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 6M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.79 
 3/30/2029 
 614,918 
 611,634 
 604,735 
 
 Endo
 Luxembourg Finance Company I S.a.r.l. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (3/21) 
 Loan 
 Prime 
 6.00 
 0.75 
 13.75 
 3/27/2028 
 2,335,285 
 2,328,380 
 1,839,037 
 
 Endure
 Digital, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 8.07 
 2/10/2028 
 2,462,500 
 2,453,593 
 2,276,581 
 
 Entain
 Holdings (Gibraltar) Limited 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 B (10/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.18 
 10/30/2029 
 1,000,000 
 987,635 
 999,060 

S- 14 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
 LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Envision
 Healthcare Corporation 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term
 Loan B (06/18) 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.48 
 10/10/2025 
 4,784,383 
 4,782,311 
 1,202,076 
 
 EOS
 U.S. FINCO LLC 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 6.00 
 0.50 
 10.60 
 8/3/2029 
 1,000,000 
 923,495 
 986,250 
 
 Equiniti
 Group PLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 6M USD SOFR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 9.54 
 12/11/2028 
 990,000 
 981,797 
 990,624 
 
 EyeCare
 Partners, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.48 
 2/18/2027 
 1,948,081 
 1,948,081 
 1,621,174 
 
 Finco
 I LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (9/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.13 
 6/27/2025 
 2,830,950 
 2,826,805 
 2,830,950 
 
 First
 Brands Group, LLC 
 Automotive 
 1 st
 Lien Term Loan (3/21) 
 Loan 
 6M USD SOFR+ 
 5.00 
 1.00 
 10.25 
 3/30/2027 
 4,912,500 
 4,854,265 
 4,754,367 
 
 First
 Eagle Investment Management 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Refinancing
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.23 
 2/1/2027 
 5,146,145 
 5,133,892 
 5,055,007 
 
 First
 Student Bidco Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.73 
 7/21/2028 
 723,088 
 718,928 
 689,255 
 
 First
 Student Bidco Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 C 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.73 
 7/21/2028 
 269,608 
 268,052 
 256,993 
 
 Fitness
 International, LLC (LA Fitness) 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B (4/18) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 1.00 
 8.08 
 4/18/2025 
 1,330,058 
 1,326,810 
 1,268,211 
 
 Flutter
 Financing B.V. 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.98 
 7/21/2026 
 1,975,000 
 1,972,044 
 1,971,643 
 
 Flutter
 Financing B.V. 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Third
 Amendment 2028-B Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 8.09 
 7/21/2028 
 748,125 
 732,248 
 747,848 
 
 FOCUS
 FINANCIAL PARTNERS, LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 7.87 
 6/30/2028 
 1,487,298 
 1,470,684 
 1,477,765 
 
 Franchise
 Group, Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 First
 Out Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.75 
 9.56 
 3/10/2026 
 799,104 
 793,938 
 760,148 
 
 Franchise
 Group, Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.75 
 0.75 
 9.70 
 3/10/2026 
 3,000,000 
 2,852,614 
 2,857,500 
 
 Franklin
 Square Holdings, L.P. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.94 
 8/1/2025 
 4,308,730 
 4,296,025 
 4,303,344 
 
 Froneri
 International (R R Ice Cream) 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 B-2 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.88 
 1/29/2027 
 1,950,000 
 1,948,124 
 1,915,524 
 
 Garrett
 LX III S.a r.l. 
 Automotive 
 Dollar
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 8.08 
 4/30/2028 
 1,481,250 
 1,475,822 
 1,460,261 

S- 15 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
 LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Gates
 Global LLC 
 Automotive 
 Term
 Loan (11/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.12 
 11/15/2029 
 249,375 
 242,119 
 249,121 
 
 Gemini
 HDPE LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 B (12/20) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.83 
 12/31/2027 
 2,289,884 
 2,276,592 
 2,281,297 
 
 Genesee
 Wyoming, Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 
 Term Loan
 (11/19) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 6.73 
 12/30/2026 
 1,458,750 
 1,454,820 
 1,453,892 
 
 GGP
 Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.96 
 8/27/2025 
 3,072,992 
 2,734,560 
 3,053,141 
 
 Global
 Tel Link Corporation 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 9.08 
 11/29/2025 
 4,897,634 
 4,753,219 
 4,342,830 
 
 Go
 Daddy Operating Company, LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 6.63 
 8/10/2027 
 1,959,799 
 1,959,799 
 1,950,255 
 
 GOLDEN
 WEST PACKAGING GROUP LLC 
 Forest
 Products Paper 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.25 
 0.75 
 9.88 
 12/1/2027 
 1,962,500 
 1,946,411 
 1,903,625 
 
 Graham
 Packaging Co Inc 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 7.63 
 8/7/2027 
 962,517 
 957,931 
 956,501 
 
 Great
 Outdoors Group, LLC 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.38 
 3/6/2028 
 980,094 
 976,551 
 964,471 
 
 Greenhill
 Co., Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 8.20 
 4/12/2024 
 2,844,231 
 2,836,329 
 2,789,707 
 
 Griffon
 Corporation 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 7.20 
 1/24/2029 
 154,375 
 154,051 
 152,959 
 
 Grosvenor
 Capital Management Holdings, LLLP 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Amendment
 5 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 7.13 
 2/24/2028 
 2,836,805 
 2,834,453 
 2,808,437 
 
 Groupe
 Solmax Inc. 
 Environmental
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (6/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.75 
 9.48 
 5/27/2028 
 1,994,937 
 1,625,873 
 1,720,633 
 
 Harbor
 Freight Tools USA, Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B (06/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 10/19/2027 
 3,438,442 
 3,420,645 
 3,324,355 
 
 Helix
 Gen Funding, LLc 
 Energy:
 Electricity 
 Term Loan
 B (02/17) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 1.00 
 8.38 
 6/3/2024 
 209,702 
 209,702 
 208,332 
 
 Hillman
 Group Inc. (The) (New) 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 B-1 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 7/14/2028 
 3,479,167 
 3,473,274 
 3,441,105 
 
 Hillman
 Group Inc. (The) (New) (a) 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 7/14/2028 
 66,667 
 66,667 
 57,444 
 
 HLF
 Financing SARL (Herbalife) 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 B (08/18) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.13 
 8/18/2025 
 3,510,000 
 3,504,423 
 3,452,225 
 
 Holley
 Purchaser, Inc 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.48 
 11/17/2028 
 2,317,577 
 2,309,047 
 1,888,825 

S- 16 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Howden Group Holdings 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 7.94 
 11/12/2027 
 2,152,191 
 2,144,311 
 2,117,218 
 
 Hudson River Trading LLC 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 7.73 
 3/17/2028 
 5,895,000 
 5,850,826 
 5,619,173 
 
 Idera, Inc. 
 High Tech Industries 
 Term Loan (02/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.51 
 3/2/2028 
 4,811,111 
 4,802,585 
 4,635,698 
 
 IMA Financial Group, Inc. 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan (10/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 11/1/2028 
 1,980,000 
 1,972,160 
 1,947,825 
 
 INDY US BIDCO, LLC 
 Services: Business 
 Term Loan (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.38 
 3/6/2028 
 2,215,703 
 2,215,226 
 1,888,200 
 
 Ineos US Finance LLC 
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan C 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.42 
 2/9/2030 
 1,000,000 
 990,000 
 991,560 
 
 INEOS US PETROCHEM LLC 
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 1/29/2026 
 1,979,950 
 1,929,143 
 1,967,080 
 
 Informatica Inc. 
 High Tech Industries 
 Term Loan B (10/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 7.44 
 10/27/2028 
 496,250 
 495,896 
 494,761 
 
 Ingram Micro Inc. 
 Wholesale 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.23 
 6/30/2028 
 1,477,500 
 1,465,872 
 1,468,266 
 
 Inmar Acquisition Sub, Inc. 
 Services: Business 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 8.63 
 5/1/2024 
 3,350,673 
 3,327,770 
 3,270,055 
 
 Innophos, Inc. 
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.88 
 2/4/2027 
 486,250 
 484,966 
 483,007 
 
 INSTANT BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 
 Consumer goods: Durable 
 Term Loan 4/21 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 9.95 
 4/7/2028 
 4,027,667 
 4,010,741 
 2,154,802 
 
 IRB Holding Corporation 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan B3 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 7.57 
 12/14/2027 
 500,000 
 495,150 
 493,125 
 
 IRB Holding T/L B (1/22) 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 7.69 
 12/15/2027 
 500,000 
 495,150 
 493,125 
 
 Isagenix International, LLC (b) 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 7.75 
 1.00 
 11.35 
 6/14/2025 
 2,330,036 
 2,311,947 
 814,068 
 
 J Jill Group, Inc 
 Retail 
 Priming Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 1.00 
 9.83 
 5/8/2024 
 1,553,698 
 1,553,299 
 1,464,361 
 
 Jane Street Group 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 7.38 
 1/31/2028 
 3,920,000 
 3,917,671 
 3,897,970 
 
 Journey Personal Care Corp. 
 Consumer goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 8.98 
 3/1/2028 
 985,000 
 981,310 
 731,569 

S- 17 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 JP
 Intermediate B, LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 1.00 
 10.33 
 11/15/2025 
 3,884,160 
 3,863,896 
 2,469,199 
 
 Klockner-Pentaplast
 of America, Inc. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) (USD) 
 Loan 
 6M USD SOFR+ 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 10.13 
 2/12/2026 
 1,473,750 
 1,469,605 
 1,354,936 
 
 Kodiak
 BP, LLC 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 7.98 
 3/13/2028 
 491,242 
 490,111 
 472,083 
 
 KREF
 Holdings X LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 9/1/2027 
 491,288 
 482,835 
 482,690 
 
 Lakeland
 Tours, LLC 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Holdco
 Fixed Term Loan 
 Loan 
 Fixed 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 13.25 
 9/27/2027 
 990,775 
 383,373 
 644,004 
 
 Lealand
 Finance Company B.V. 
 Energy:
 Oil Gas 
 Exit Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.00 
 0.00 
 5.63 
 6/30/2025 
 345,078 
 345,078 
 221,426 
 
 LHS
 BORROWER, LLC 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 (02/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 9.47 
 2/16/2029 
 997,487 
 815,989 
 817,940 
 
 Lifetime
 Brands, Inc 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 8.23 
 2/28/2025 
 2,616,496 
 2,602,628 
 2,295,975 
 
 Liquid
 Tech Solutions Holdings, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.00 
 8.92 
 3/17/2028 
 985,000 
 982,312 
 940,675 
 
 LogMeIn,
 Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (8/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.00 
 9.38 
 8/31/2027 
 3,920,000 
 3,868,809 
 2,137,145 
 
 LOYALTY
 VENTURES INC. (b) 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 Prime 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 11.25 
 11/3/2027 
 3,089,630 
 3,074,278 
 926,889 
 
 LPL
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B1 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.32 
 11/11/2026 
 1,207,856 
 1,206,501 
 1,203,701 
 
 LSF11
 A5 HOLDCO LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 (01/23) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.97 
 10/14/2028 
 500,000 
 486,534 
 489,165 
 
 LSF11
 A5 HOLDCO LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.23 
 10/16/2028 
 248,125 
 247,170 
 241,508 
 
 LSF9
 Atlantis Holdings, LLC (A Wireless) 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 7.25 
 0.75 
 11.83 
 3/29/2029 
 2,962,500 
 2,872,908 
 2,888,438 
 
 MAGNITE,
 INC. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 9.63 
 4/28/2028 
 2,964,950 
 2,901,156 
 2,826,575 
 
 Marriott
 Ownership Resorts, Inc. 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 (11/19) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.38 
 8/29/2025 
 1,317,074 
 1,317,074 
 1,308,842 
 
 Match
 Group, Inc, The 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (1/20) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.49 
 2/15/2027 
 250,000 
 249,658 
 247,500 
 
 Maxar
 Technologies Inc 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 (6/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.97 
 6/14/2029 
 1,994,987 
 1,926,722 
 1,997,641 
 
 Mayfield
 Agency Borrower Inc. (FeeCo) 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (02/23) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 5.00 
 0.00 
 8.81 
 2/27/2028 
 3,450,000 
 3,346,500 
 3,363,750 

S- 18 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 McGraw-Hill
 Education, Inc. 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term
 Loan (07/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 9.70 
 7/28/2028 
 1,975,000 
 1,957,770 
 1,894,025 
 
 MedAssets
 Software Inter Hldg, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) (USD) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 8.63 
 12/18/2028 
 496,250 
 493,413 
 462,753 
 
 Mermaid
 Bidco Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 8.30 
 12/22/2027 
 983,769 
 981,224 
 964,093 
 
 Messer
 Industries, LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.23 
 3/1/2026 
 2,980,405 
 2,970,477 
 2,968,871 
 
 Michaels
 Companies Inc 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B (Magic Mergeco) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 8.98 
 4/8/2028 
 2,467,450 
 2,452,022 
 2,254,632 
 
 MPH
 Acquisition Holdings LLC (Multiplan) 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B (08/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 9.20 
 9/1/2028 
 2,992,424 
 2,725,679 
 2,509,148 
 
 MW
 Industries, Inc. (Helix Acquisition Holdings) 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 (2019 Incremental) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.48 
 9/30/2024 
 2,842,097 
 2,823,791 
 2,778,150 
 
 NAB
 Holdings, LLC (North American Bancard) 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.73 
 11/23/2028 
 2,970,000 
 2,963,897 
 2,927,678 
 
 Napa
 Management Services Corp 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B (02/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.25 
 0.75 
 9.95 
 2/22/2029 
 3,000,000 
 2,407,500 
 2,285,640 
 
 Natgasoline
 LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 8.19 
 11/14/2025 
 3,436,481 
 3,419,311 
 3,395,690 
 
 National
 Mentor Holdings, Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.47 
 3/2/2028 
 2,736,043 
 2,727,702 
 2,108,477 
 
 National
 Mentor Holdings, Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 C 2/21 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.48 
 3/2/2028 
 87,464 
 87,137 
 67,402 
 
 NEW
 ERA CAP, LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 (01/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 0.75 
 10.82 
 7/13/2027 
 3,628,164 
 3,627,422 
 3,483,037 
 
 Nexstar
 Broadcasting, Inc. (Mission Broadcasting) 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.13 
 9/18/2026 
 657,625 
 652,850 
 655,745 
 
 Next
 Level Apparel, Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 1.00 
 10.33 
 8/9/2024 
 1,675,340 
 1,670,519 
 1,373,779 
 
 NortonLifeLock
 Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 6.72 
 9/12/2029 
 1,398,374 
 1,392,077 
 1,382,391 
 
 Novae
 LLC 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 9.82 
 12/22/2028 
 1,985,000 
 1,972,048 
 1,692,213 

S- 19 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Nuvei
 Technologies Corp. 
 High
 Tech Industries 
 US
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 7.13 
 9/29/2025 
 2,216,250 
 2,213,211 
 2,210,709 
 
 Olaplex,
 Inc. 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 (2/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.20 
 2/23/2029 
 2,492,500 
 2,386,817 
 2,224,556 
 
 Open
 Text Corporation 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.22 
 8/24/2029 
 1,500,000 
 1,455,000 
 1,496,955 
 
 Organon
 Co. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 USD 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.75 
 6/2/2028 
 2,327,083 
 2,318,310 
 2,297,995 
 
 Pacific
 Gas Electric 
 Utilities:
 Electric 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.69 
 6/18/2025 
 1,464,944 
 1,460,891 
 1,457,619 
 
 PACTIV
 EVERGREEN GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 7.88 
 9/20/2028 
 987,500 
 983,571 
 981,950 
 
 Padagis
 LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 9.54 
 7/6/2028 
 941,176 
 933,570 
 864,122 
 
 Panther
 Guarantor II, L.P. (Forcepoint) 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 1/21 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 9.08 
 1/7/2028 
 492,500 
 489,882 
 461,719 
 
 PAR
 PETROLEUM LLC 
 Energy:
 Oil Gas 
 Term Loan
 2/23 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.92 
 2/13/2030 
 1,500,000 
 1,477,500 
 1,479,375 
 
 PATAGONIA
 HOLDCO LLC 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 5.75 
 0.50 
 10.47 
 8/1/2029 
 1,995,000 
 1,653,635 
 1,700,738 
 
 Pathway
 Partners Vet Management Company LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.38 
 3/30/2027 
 486,509 
 479,333 
 424,630 
 
 PCI
 Gaming Authority 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.13 
 5/29/2026 
 809,038 
 806,994 
 807,396 
 
 PEARLS
 (Netherlands) Bidco B.V. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 USD Term
 Loan (02/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 8.43 
 2/28/2029 
 992,500 
 990,539 
 975,131 
 
 PEDIATRIC
 ASSOCIATES HOLDING COMPANY, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (12/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 7.88 
 12/29/2028 
 1,292,862 
 1,287,663 
 1,272,396 
 
 PEDIATRIC
 ASSOCIATES HOLDING COMPANY, LLC (a) 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan (12/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 7.88 
 12/29/2028 
 147,287 
 147,287 
 144,174 
 
 Penn
 National Gaming, Inc 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.47 
 5/3/2029 
 995,000 
 990,530 
 990,851 
 
 Peraton
 Corp. 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.38 
 2/1/2028 
 5,306,577 
 5,291,284 
 5,249,372 
 
 PHYSICIAN
 PARTNERS, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 8.72 
 12/23/2028 
 1,985,000 
 1,967,896 
 1,900,638 

S- 20 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Pike
 Corporation 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term
 Loan (8/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 8.12 
 1/21/2028 
 498,750 
 487,274 
 497,294 
 
 Pitney
 Bowes Inc 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 8.73 
 3/17/2028 
 3,939,924 
 3,914,651 
 3,789,734 
 
 Plastipak
 Holdings Inc. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 B (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 7.13 
 12/1/2028 
 1,921,176 
 1,913,386 
 1,911,974 
 
 Playtika
 Holding Corp. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 7.38 
 3/13/2028 
 4,421,250 
 4,414,119 
 4,370,804 
 
 PMHC
 II, INC. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 (02/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 9.08 
 4/21/2029 
 1,995,000 
 1,986,056 
 1,710,912 
 
 PointClickCare
 Technologies, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 7.75 
 12/29/2027 
 491,250 
 489,531 
 487,566 
 
 Polymer
 Process Holdings, Inc. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.75 
 9.38 
 2/12/2028 
 5,403,750 
 5,359,857 
 5,025,488 
 
 Pre-Paid
 Legal Services, Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (12/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 8.38 
 12/15/2028 
 2,977,500 
 2,956,393 
 2,929,116 
 
 Presidio,
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B (1/20) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 8.28 
 1/22/2027 
 487,500 
 486,909 
 485,267 
 
 Prime
 Security Services Borrower, LLC (ADT) 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.75 
 7.52 
 9/23/2026 
 3,520,468 
 3,520,468 
 3,511,667 
 
 PRIORITY
 HOLDINGS, LLC 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.75 
 1.00 
 10.70 
 4/27/2027 
 2,955,000 
 2,932,371 
 2,936,531 
 
 PriSo
 Acquisition Corporation 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 (01/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 8.00 
 12/28/2027 
 491,245 
 489,458 
 450,310 
 
 Project
 Leopard Holdings, Inc. (NEW) 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (06/22) 
 Loan 
 6M USD SOFR+ 
 5.25 
 0.50 
 9.80 
 7/20/2029 
 1,000,000 
 933,902 
 924,690 
 
 Prometric
 Inc. (Sarbacane Bidco) 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 1.00 
 7.64 
 1/29/2025 
 476,438 
 475,777 
 444,278 
 
 PUG
 LLC 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B (02/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 8.13 
 2/12/2027 
 480,126 
 478,777 
 378,099 
 
 QUEST
 BORROWER LIMITED 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (1/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 9.08 
 2/1/2029 
 1,990,000 
 1,972,710 
 1,707,539 
 
 Rackspace
 Technology Global, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.75 
 7.60 
 2/15/2028 
 2,974,823 
 2,882,889 
 1,863,310 
 
 RAND
 PARENT LLC 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 8.80 
 2/7/2030 
 1,500,000 
 1,462,500 
 1,455,000 

S- 21 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 RealPage,
 Inc. 
 High
 Tech Industries 
 Term
 Loan (04/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.63 
 4/24/2028 
 987,500 
 985,860 
 955,159 
 
 Renaissance
 Learning, Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (5/18) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.88 
 5/30/2025 
 2,938,373 
 2,922,432 
 2,871,025 
 
 Rent-A-Center,
 Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B2 (9/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 2/17/2028 
 1,976,155 
 1,934,422 
 1,927,997 
 
 Research
 Now Group, Inc 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 1.00 
 10.31 
 12/20/2024 
 4,298,135 
 4,249,328 
 3,200,305 
 
 Resideo
 Funding Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.50 
 7.12 
 2/11/2028 
 1,473,750 
 1,471,623 
 1,471,908 
 
 Resolute
 Investment Managers (American Beacon), Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (10/20) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 1.00 
 8.98 
 4/30/2024 
 3,038,616 
 3,035,050 
 2,385,313 
 
 Restoration
 Hardware, Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 (9/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 7.13 
 10/20/2028 
 3,462,437 
 3,456,353 
 3,320,477 
 
 Reynolds
 Consumer Products LLC 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.47 
 1/29/2027 
 1,276,932 
 1,276,737 
 1,273,880 
 
 Reynolds
 Group Holdings Inc. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.88 
 2/5/2026 
 3,124,551 
 3,114,804 
 3,114,302 
 
 Rocket
 Software, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (11/18) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 8.88 
 11/28/2025 
 2,875,317 
 2,870,016 
 2,818,414 
 
 Russell
 Investments US Inst l Holdco, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (10/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 8.13 
 6/2/2025 
 5,590,662 
 5,565,048 
 5,499,813 
 
 RV
 Retailer LLC 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.55 
 2/8/2028 
 2,957,631 
 2,912,519 
 2,516,441 
 
 Ryan
 Specialty Group LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 7.72 
 9/1/2027 
 1,478,623 
 1,467,543 
 1,474,010 
 
 S S
 HOLDINGS LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.50 
 9.83 
 3/10/2028 
 2,458,719 
 2,409,819 
 2,349,625 
 
 Sally
 Holdings LLC 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.06 
 3/24/2030 
 500,000 
 496,250 
 498,750 
 
 Samsonite
 International S.A. 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 7.63 
 4/25/2025 
 927,537 
 914,134 
 927,537 
 
 Schweitzer-Mauduit
 International, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 8.44 
 4/20/2028 
 2,955,000 
 2,942,014 
 2,895,900 
 
 Scientific
 Games Holdings LP 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.10 
 4/4/2029 
 498,750 
 497,703 
 489,942 

S- 22 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Sedgwick
 Claims Management Services, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan B 2/23 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.32 
 2/17/2028 
 1,000,000 
 990,000 
 987,500 
 
 SETANTA
 AIRCRAFT LEASING DAC 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 6.73 
 11/2/2028 
 1,000,000 
 998,000 
 991,250 
 
 Signify
 Health, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term
 Loan B (6/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.73 
 6/16/2028 
 493,750 
 491,846 
 493,750 
 
 Sitel
 Worldwide Corporation 
 Services:
 Business 
 USD
 Term Loan (7/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 8.39 
 8/28/2028 
 1,975,000 
 1,967,031 
 1,966,982 
 
 SiteOne
 Landscape Supply, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 6.64 
 3/18/2028 
 777,852 
 776,450 
 774,609 
 
 SMG
 US Midco 2, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan (01/20) 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 7.33 
 1/23/2025 
 485,000 
 485,000 
 479,243 
 
 Smyrna
 Ready Mix Concrete, LLC 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.97 
 4/2/2029 
 1,000,000 
 992,500 
 995,000 
 
 Solis
 IV B.V. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term
 Loan B-1 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.37 
 2/26/2029 
 1,994,987 
 1,724,963 
 1,826,132 
 
 Sotheby s 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan (7/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 9.33 
 1/15/2027 
 3,223,744 
 3,183,482 
 3,209,237 
 
 Sparta
 U.S. HoldCo LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term
 Loan (04/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 7.82 
 8/2/2028 
 1,980,000 
 1,972,123 
 1,964,160 
 
 Specialty
 Pharma III Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 8.88 
 3/31/2028 
 1,975,000 
 1,959,930 
 1,821,938 
 
 Spectrum
 Brands, Inc. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term
 Loan (2/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 6.96 
 3/3/2028 
 491,250 
 490,363 
 487,158 
 
 Spin
 Holdco, Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term
 Loan 3/21 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 8.77 
 3/4/2028 
 2,947,500 
 2,935,211 
 2,475,487 
 
 Spirit
 Aerosystems Inc. 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term
 Loan (11/22) 
 Loan 
 3M
 USD SOFR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 9.18 
 1/14/2027 
 498,750 
 484,414 
 498,541 
 
 SRAM,
 LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term
 Loan (05/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.38 
 5/12/2028 
 2,709,091 
 2,705,948 
 2,682,000 
 
 SS C
 Technologies, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan B3 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.38 
 4/16/2025 
 167,061 
 166,987 
 166,678 
 
 SS C
 Technologies, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan B4 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.38 
 4/16/2025 
 148,146 
 148,083 
 147,807 
 
 SS C
 Technologies, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan B-5 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.38 
 4/16/2025 
 458,152 
 457,773 
 457,199 
 
 STANDARD
 INDUSTRIES INC. 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term
 Loan B 
 Loan 
 6M
 USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.50 
 6.43 
 9/22/2028 
 630,250 
 625,240 
 628,032 

S- 23 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Staples,
 Inc. 
 Wholesale 
 Term
 Loan (03/19) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.00 
 9.81 
 4/16/2026 
 4,341,357 
 4,246,081 
 4,013,802 
 
 Storable,
 Inc 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.08 
 4/17/2028 
 495,000 
 494,153 
 482,318 
 
 Summit
 Materials, LLC 
 Metals
 Mining 
 Term Loan
 B (12/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 7.61 
 12/13/2027 
 250,000 
 247,640 
 249,583 
 
 Superannuation
 Investments US LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 8.38 
 12/1/2028 
 990,000 
 981,648 
 984,515 
 
 Sweetwater
 Borrower, LLC 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 (8/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 8.94 
 8/2/2028 
 2,000,000 
 1,905,968 
 1,880,000 
 
 Syncsort
 Incorporated 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (10/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 8.82 
 4/24/2028 
 2,469,987 
 2,468,993 
 2,243,984 
 
 Ta
 TT Buyer LLC 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan
 3/22 
 Loan 
 6M USD SOFR+ 
 5.00 
 0.50 
 8.98 
 4/2/2029 
 997,500 
 988,507 
 982,538 
 
 Tenable
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B (6/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 7.58 
 7/7/2028 
 990,000 
 988,026 
 980,922 
 
 Teneo
 Holdings LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.25 
 1.00 
 9.97 
 7/15/2025 
 4,383,217 
 4,330,652 
 4,322,948 
 
 Ten-X,
 LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 8.63 
 9/27/2024 
 1,900,000 
 1,899,296 
 1,819,250 
 
 The
 Dun Bradstreet Corporation 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.85 
 1/18/2029 
 248,125 
 246,554 
 246,636 
 
 The
 Dun Bradstreet Corporation 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.87 
 2/6/2026 
 962,949 
 962,285 
 960,021 
 
 THE
 KNOT WORLDWIDE INC. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (1/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.50 
 0.00 
 9.22 
 12/19/2025 
 4,845,447 
 4,840,970 
 4,833,333 
 
 Thor
 Industries, Inc. 
 Automotive 
 USD Term
 Loan (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 7.69 
 2/1/2026 
 2,015,823 
 1,990,264 
 2,004,494 
 
 Torrid
 LLC 
 Wholesale 
 Term Loan
 5/21 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.75 
 10.31 
 6/14/2028 
 2,978,835 
 2,540,024 
 2,529,031 
 
 TORY
 BURCH LLC 
 Retail 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.13 
 4/15/2028 
 1,329,211 
 1,232,469 
 1,268,147 
 
 Tosca
 Services, LLC 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 8.23 
 8/18/2027 
 490,000 
 485,078 
 383,180 
 
 Trans
 Union LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.50 
 6.88 
 12/1/2028 
 796,452 
 794,928 
 791,203 

S- 24 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Transdigm, Inc. 
 Aerospace Defense 
 Term Loan H 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.83 
 2/21/2027 
 1,993,370 
 1,990,666 
 1,989,941 
 
 TRITON WATER HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan (03/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 8.23 
 3/31/2028 
 1,477,502 
 1,471,933 
 1,372,422 
 
 Tronox Finance LLC 
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.88 
 3/10/2028 
 346,923 
 346,338 
 340,907 
 
 TruGreen Limited Partnership 
 Services: Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 8.63 
 10/29/2027 
 954,501 
 949,189 
 873,368 
 
 Uber Technologies, Inc. 
 Transportation: Consumer 
 Term Loan B (2/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 8.45 
 2/25/2027 
 3,906,277 
 3,874,854 
 3,913,620 
 
 Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. 
 High Tech Industries 
 Incremental Term Loan 3/21 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 8.38 
 8/27/2025 
 820,338 
 817,776 
 819,928 
 
 Unimin Corporation 
 Metals Mining 
 Term Loan (12/20) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 8.78 
 7/31/2026 
 496,815 
 476,431 
 489,984 
 
 United Natural Foods, Inc 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.98 
 10/22/2025 
 1,289,967 
 1,252,901 
 1,291,309 
 
 United Road Services Inc. 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 Term Loan (10/17) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.75 
 1.00 
 10.70 
 9/1/2024 
 889,180 
 886,242 
 465,335 
 
 Univision Communications Inc. 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan B (6/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 7.88 
 3/15/2026 
 2,446,648 
 2,441,783 
 2,426,610 
 
 Univision Communications Inc. 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan B (6/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.83 
 6/25/2029 
 248,750 
 241,881 
 248,233 
 
 Utz Quality Foods, LLC 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 7.73 
 1/20/2028 
 1,828,465 
 1,827,288 
 1,825,046 
 
 Vaco Holdings, LLC 
 Services: Business 
 Term Loan (01/22) 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 9.73 
 1/19/2029 
 2,342,210 
 2,275,198 
 2,310,989 
 
 Vericast Corp. 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 7.75 
 1.00 
 12.33 
 6/15/2026 
 1,201,006 
 1,199,817 
 939,787 
 
 Verifone Systems, Inc. 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan (7/18) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 8.96 
 8/20/2025 
 1,368,031 
 1,364,137 
 1,269,875 

S- 25 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Vertex
 Aerospace Services Corp 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term
 Loan (10/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 8.13 
 12/6/2028 
 992,500 
 988,789 
 987,895 
 
 VFH
 Parent LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (01/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.66 
 1/12/2029 
 3,069,879 
 3,063,097 
 3,036,111 
 
 Viasat
 Inc 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 (2/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 9.23 
 3/2/2029 
 1,994,987 
 1,948,951 
 1,967,137 
 
 Virtus
 Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (9/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.85 
 9/28/2028 
 2,853,409 
 2,845,646 
 2,834,377 
 
 Vistra
 Energy Corp 
 Utilities:
 Electric 
 2018 Incremental
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 6.38 
 12/31/2025 
 897,014 
 896,802 
 895,023 
 
 Vizient,
 Inc 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 4/22 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 2.25 
 0.50 
 6.91 
 5/16/2029 
 497,500 
 492,868 
 496,525 
 
 VM
 Consolidated, Inc. 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 7.88 
 3/24/2028 
 2,185,087 
 2,183,095 
 2,180,170 
 
 Vouvray
 US Finance LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 6.00 
 1.00 
 10.62 
 9/9/2025 
 471,250 
 471,250 
 442,386 
 
 Walker
 Dunlop, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (12/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.72 
 12/15/2028 
 500,000 
 490,249 
 496,250 
 
 Warner
 Music Group Corp. (WMG Acquisition Corp.) 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 Incremental (11/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.62 
 1/19/2028 
 500,000 
 490,562 
 498,960 
 
 Warner
 Music Group Corp. (WMG Acquisition Corp.) 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 G 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.13 
 0.00 
 6.76 
 1/20/2028 
 1,250,000 
 1,249,851 
 1,243,750 
 
 Watlow
 Electric Manufacturing Company 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 8.69 
 3/2/2028 
 2,456,250 
 2,447,468 
 2,417,368 
 
 West
 Corporation 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B-3 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 8.93 
 4/9/2027 
 1,189,119 
 1,172,865 
 1,044,939 

S- 26 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset 
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
 LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 Rate (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 WEX
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term
 Loan B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 6.88 
 3/31/2028 
 2,954,924 
 2,946,492 
 2,944,582 
 
 WildBrain
 Ltd. 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 8.98 
 3/27/2028 
 1,965,000 
 1,935,307 
 1,864,903 
 
 Xperi
 Corporation 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 8.13 
 6/8/2028 
 2,427,446 
 2,420,580 
 2,388,752 
 
 Zayo
 Group, LLC 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 4/22 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 8.87 
 3/9/2027 
 992,500 
 971,029 
 842,027 
 
 ZEBRA
 BUYER (Allspring) LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 4/21 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 7.75 
 11/1/2028 
 880,444 
 876,985 
 874,941 
 
 Zekelman
 Industries, Inc. 
 Metals
 Mining 
 Term Loan
 (01/20) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 6.73 
 1/25/2027 
 961,471 
 961,471 
 948,251 
 
 Zest
 Acquisition Corp. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (1/23) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 10.07 
 1/31/2028 
 2,000,000 
 1,901,512 
 1,928,340 
 
 Zodiac
 Pool Solutions 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term
 Loan (1/22) 
 Loan 
 1M
 USD SOFR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 6.72 
 1/29/2029 
 495,000 
 494,015 
 490,192 

645,599,001 
 605,954,468 

S- 27 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2023 

Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

U.S. Bank Money Market (c) 
 23,776,950 
 23,776,950 
 23,776,950 
 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 23,776,950 
 23,776,950 
 23,776,950 

(a) All or a portion of this investment has an unfunded commitment
as of February 28, 2023. 

(b) As of February 28, 2023, the investment was in default and
on non-accrual status. 

(c) Included within cash and cash equivalents in Saratoga CLO s
Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of February 28, 2023. 

(d) Investments include Payment-in-Kind Interest. 

LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate 

SOFR - Secured Overnight Financing Rate 

1M USD LIBOR The 1 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2023
was 4.67 . 

3M USD LIBOR The 3 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2023
was 4.97 . 

6M USD LIBOR The 6 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2023
was 5.26 . 

1M SOFR - The 1 month SOFR rate as of February 28, 2023 was 4.66 . 

3M SOFR - The 3 month SOFR rate as of February 28, 2023 was 4.89 . 

6M SOFR - The 6 month SOFR rate as of February 28, 2023 was 5.15 . 

Prime The Prime Rate as of February 28, 2023 was 7.75 . 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

S- 28 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Fusion
 Connect Warrant 
 Telecommunications 
 Warrants 
 Equity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,832 
 - 
 - 
 
 J Jill
 Common Stock 
 Retail 
 Common
 stock 
 Equity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,107 
 - 
 33,691 
 
 19TH HOLDINGS
 GOLF, LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 2/7/2029 
 500,000 
 497,530 
 493,750 
 
 ADMI Corp. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 2.96 
 4/30/2025 
 1,930,276 
 1,925,558 
 1,892,886 
 
 Adtalem
 Global Education Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B (02/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.75 
 5.25 
 8/11/2028 
 2,000,000 
 1,981,559 
 1,977,920 
 
 Aegis
 Sciences Corporation 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 1.00 
 6.50 
 5/9/2025 
 2,737,038 
 2,723,587 
 2,686,403 
 
 Agiliti
 Health Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (1/19) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 2.88 
 1/4/2026 
 1,483,686 
 1,476,852 
 1,470,704 
 
 Agiliti
 Health Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (09/20) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.75 
 3.50 
 1/4/2026 
 285,714 
 283,586 
 283,571 
 
 AHEAD
 DB Holdings, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (04/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 10/18/2027 
 2,985,000 
 2,885,411 
 2,962,135 
 
 AI Convoy
 (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 B (USD) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 4.50 
 1/18/2027 
 1,469,671 
 1,464,591 
 1,460,485 
 
 AIS HoldCo,
 LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.00 
 5.30 
 8/15/2025 
 4,789,642 
 4,670,148 
 4,705,823 
 
 Alchemy
 Copyrights, LLC 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 3/10/2028 
 493,763 
 490,886 
 489,442 
 
 Alchemy
 US Holdco 1, LLC 
 Metals
 Mining 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 5.60 
 10/10/2025 
 1,654,803 
 1,640,863 
 1,644,874 
 
 AlixPartners,
 LLP 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (01/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 2/4/2028 
 248,125 
 247,608 
 245,217 
 
 Alkermes,
 Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 3.00 
 3/12/2026 
 2,147,859 
 2,130,749 
 2,110,271 

S- 29 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Allen
 Media, LLC 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 
 Term Loan
 (7/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 5.72 
 2/10/2027 
 4,439,454 
 4,407,744 
 4,412,639 
 
 Alliant
 Holdings I, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B4 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 11/5/2027 
 997,500 
 996,393 
 987,944 
 
 Allied
 Universal Holdco LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 4/21 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 5/12/2028 
 1,995,000 
 1,985,516 
 1,966,412 
 
 Altisource
 Solutions S.a r.l. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (03/18) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 4/3/2024 
 1,223,297 
 1,220,031 
 1,102,497 
 
 Altium
 Packaging LLC 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (01/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 1/29/2028 
 496,250 
 494,097 
 485,084 
 
 American
 Greetings Corporation 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 1.00 
 5.50 
 4/6/2024 
 3,012,861 
 3,011,323 
 3,011,355 
 
 American
 Trailer World Corp 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 3/3/2028 
 1,990,000 
 1,984,442 
 1,954,558 
 
 AmeriLife
 Holdings LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 4.11 
 3/18/2027 
 1,976,415 
 1,967,087 
 1,956,651 
 
 AmWINS
 Group, LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.75 
 3.00 
 2/17/2028 
 1,980,006 
 1,957,163 
 1,946,900 
 
 Anastasia
 Parent LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.97 
 8/11/2025 
 967,500 
 964,919 
 832,253 
 
 Anchor
 Glass Container Corporation 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (07/17) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 1.00 
 3.75 
 12/7/2023 
 475,113 
 474,420 
 406,882 
 
 Anchor
 Packaging, LLC 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 4.21 
 7/18/2026 
 987,342 
 979,469 
 972,532 
 
 ANI Pharmaceuticals,
 Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 0.75 
 6.75 
 11/19/2027 
 3,000,000 
 2,943,100 
 3,000,000 
 
 AP Core
 Holdings II LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B1 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.75 
 6.25 
 9/1/2027 
 1,975,000 
 1,947,406 
 1,965,125 
 
 AP Core
 Holdings II LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.75 
 6.25 
 9/1/2027 
 500,000 
 493,024 
 498,125 

S- 30 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 APi Group
 DE, Inc. (J2 Acquisition) 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 10/1/2026 
 1,950,000 
 1,942,029 
 1,927,575 
 
 APLP Holdings
 Limited Partnership 
 Energy:
 Electricity 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 1.00 
 4.75 
 5/14/2027 
 828,378 
 821,051 
 826,655 
 
 Apollo
 Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 2.86 
 5/15/2026 
 2,969,543 
 2,937,176 
 2,887,881 
 
 Apollo
 Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B1 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 3/6/2028 
 992,500 
 983,643 
 982,575 
 
 AppLovin
 Corporation 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.46 
 8/15/2025 
 989,796 
 989,796 
 982,066 
 
 AppLovin
 Corporation 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (10/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 10/21/2028 
 1,496,250 
 1,492,669 
 1,481,288 
 
 Aramark
 Corporation 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 1/15/2027 
 2,331,250 
 2,268,549 
 2,279,776 
 
 Aramark
 Corporation 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B (4/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 4/1/2028 
 1,753,715 
 1,746,008 
 1,743,491 
 
 ARC FALCON
 I INC. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 9/23/2028 
 872,611 
 868,610 
 855,526 
 
 ARC FALCON
 I INC. (a) 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan 
 Loan 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 9/22/2028 
 - 
 (601 
 (2,494 
 
 Arches
 Buyer Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 12/6/2027 
 1,500,000 
 1,490,625 
 1,473,570 
 
 Arctic
 Glacier U.S.A., Inc. 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 (3/18) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 4.50 
 3/20/2024 
 3,350,967 
 3,341,474 
 3,103,833 
 
 Aretec
 Group, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (10/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 4.46 
 10/1/2025 
 2,436,164 
 2,430,830 
 2,425,518 
 
 ASP BLADE
 HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 4.50 
 10/7/2028 
 100,000 
 99,530 
 99,542 
 
 Asplundh
 Tree Expert, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 9/7/2027 
 987,500 
 983,579 
 973,458 

S- 31 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 
 Industry 
 
 Asset 
 Name 
 
 Asset
 
 Type 
 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 

SOFR/
 LIBOR 
 Floor 

Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 

Maturity 
 Date 

Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 

Cost 

Fair 
 Value 

Assured
 Partners 
 Capital, Inc. 
 
 Banking, Finance,
 Insurance Real Estate 
 
 Term Loan B
 (2/20) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

3.50 

0.00 

3.71 

2/12/2027 

1,000,000 

996,250 

984,580 

Assured
 Partners Inc. 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance
 Real Estate 
 
 Incremental Term Loan (7/21) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

3.50 

0.50 

4.00 

2/12/2027 

995,006 

995,006 

978,837 

Assured
 Partners Inc. 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance
 Real Estate 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD SOFR+ 

3.50 

0.50 

4.00 

2/12/2027 

500,000 

498,811 

491,875 

ASTRO
 ONE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
 
 Consumer goods: Durable 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

5.50 

0.75 

6.25 

9/15/2028 

3,000,000 

2,971,643 

2,968,140 

Asurion,
 LLC 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance
 Real Estate 
 
 Term Loan B6 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

3.13 

0.00 

3.33 

11/3/2023 

266,824 

266,095 

264,767 

Asurion,
 LLC 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance
 Real Estate 
 
 Term Loan B8 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

3.25 

0.00 

3.46 

12/18/2026 

2,995,112 

2,984,120 

2,939,882 

ATHENAHEALTH
 GROUP INC. 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 
 Term Loan B (2/22) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD SOFR+ 

3.50 

0.50 

4.00 

2/15/2029 

1,282,609 

1,276,322 

1,269,462 

ATHENAHEALTH
 GROUP INC. (a) 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan (02/22) 
 
 Loan 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2/15/2029 

- 

- 

(2,228) 
 
 Avast
 Software S.R.O. (Sybil Finance) 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 
 Term Loan (Sybil Software) 
 
 Loan 
 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 

2.00 

0.00 

2.22 

3/22/2028 

1,925,000 

1,920,766 

1,916,819 

Avaya,
 Inc. 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 Term Loan B1 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

4.25 

0.00 

4.44 

12/15/2027 

1,755,766 

1,747,367 

1,739,859 

Avaya,
 Inc. 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 Term Loan B-2 (2/21) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

4.00 

0.00 

4.19 

12/15/2027 

1,000,000 

1,000,000 

988,590 

Avison
 Young (Canada) Inc 
 
 Services: Business 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 Loan 
 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 

5.75 

0.00 

5.97 

1/31/2026 

3,405,995 

3,370,219 

3,371,935 

Avolon
 TLB Borrower 1 (US) LLC 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 Term Loan B3 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

1.75 

0.75 

2.50 

1/15/2025 

1,000,000 

900,020 

990,630 

Avolon
 TLB Borrower 1 (US) LLC 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 Term Loan B5 (7/21) 
 
 Loan 
 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 

2.25 

0.50 

2.75 

12/1/2027 

495,000 

490,860 

491,466 

AZURITY
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 
 Term Loan B 
 
 Loan 
 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 

6.00 

0.75 

6.75 

9/20/2027 

500,000 

485,751 

495,000 

S- 32 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 B G
 Foods, Inc. 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 10/10/2026 
 706,458 
 701,732 
 701,605 
 
 B.C. Unlimited
 Liability Co (Burger King) 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 B4 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 11/19/2026 
 1,470,000 
 1,438,969 
 1,440,968 
 
 BAKELITE
 UK INTERMEDIATE LTD. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 4.75 
 2/1/2029 
 1,000,000 
 995,000 
 992,500 
 
 Baldwin
 Risk Partners, LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 10/14/2027 
 1,238,775 
 1,225,981 
 1,222,522 
 
 Belfor
 Holdings Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.96 
 4/6/2026 
 248,092 
 247,897 
 246,851 
 
 Belron
 Finance US LLC 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 4/13/2028 
 1,985,000 
 1,967,341 
 1,968,247 
 
 Bengal
 Debt Merger Sub LLC 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 1/24/2029 
 1,890,909 
 1,889,030 
 1,873,191 
 
 Bengal
 Debt Merger Sub LLC 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 1/24/2029 
 109,091 
 109,048 
 108,069 
 
 Blackstone
 Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.46 
 4/23/2026 
 989,873 
 983,805 
 967,601 
 
 Blackstone
 Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (6/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 4/23/2026 
 1,480,053 
 1,470,897 
 1,464,335 
 
 Blucora,
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (11/17) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 5/22/2024 
 2,443,339 
 2,437,898 
 2,437,230 
 
 Blue Tree
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.72 
 3/4/2028 
 992,500 
 990,307 
 983,200 
 
 Bombardier
 Recreational Products, Inc. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 (1/20) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.21 
 5/24/2027 
 1,470,049 
 1,461,460 
 1,442,486 
 
 Boxer
 Parent Company, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.97 
 10/2/2025 
 522,846 
 522,846 
 516,310 
 
 Bracket
 Intermediate Holding Corp 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 4.47 
 9/5/2025 
 967,500 
 964,897 
 959,034 

S- 33 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 BrightSpring
 Health Services (Phoenix Guarantor) 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B-3 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 3.66 
 3/5/2026 
 992,500 
 992,500 
 980,342 
 
 BroadStreet
 Partners, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B3 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 3.21 
 1/22/2027 
 2,979,108 
 2,973,591 
 2,930,697 
 
 Brookfield
 WEC Holdings Inc. 
 Energy:
 Electricity 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 8/1/2025 
 1,477,538 
 1,479,743 
 1,453,528 
 
 Buckeye
 Partners, L.P. 
 Utilities:
 Oil Gas 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.36 
 11/1/2026 
 1,970,088 
 1,958,262 
 1,946,565 
 
 BW Gas
 Convenience Holdings LLC 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 3/31/2028 
 2,487,500 
 2,465,358 
 2,475,063 
 
 Callaway
 Golf Company 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.00 
 4.71 
 1/4/2026 
 682,500 
 673,958 
 681,005 
 
 CareerBuilder,
 LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.75 
 1.00 
 7.75 
 7/31/2023 
 5,393,388 
 5,246,921 
 4,159,650 
 
 CareStream
 Health, Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.75 
 1.00 
 7.75 
 5/8/2023 
 2,184,163 
 2,181,757 
 2,184,163 
 
 Casa Systems,
 Inc 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 12/20/2023 
 1,391,125 
 1,387,217 
 1,349,391 
 
 Castle
 US Holding Corporation 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan
 B (USD) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.97 
 1/27/2027 
 1,980,130 
 1,968,915 
 1,934,864 
 
 CBI BUYER,
 INC. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 1/6/2028 
 995,000 
 992,948 
 963,906 
 
 CCC Intelligent
 Solutions Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 3.00 
 9/16/2028 
 250,000 
 249,432 
 246,875 
 
 CCI Buyer,
 Inc 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 12/17/2027 
 248,125 
 246,017 
 245,257 
 
 CCRR Parent,
 Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 3/5/2028 
 992,500 
 988,070 
 986,297 
 
 CCS-CMGC
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 5.71 
 9/25/2025 
 2,425,000 
 2,412,003 
 2,371,456 

S- 34 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Cengage
 Learning, Inc. 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan
 B (6/21) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 1.00 
 5.75 
 7/14/2026 
 2,992,500 
 2,966,179 
 2,985,019 
 
 CENTURI
 GROUP, INC. 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 3.00 
 8/27/2028 
 931,998 
 923,210 
 923,647 
 
 CenturyLink,
 Inc. 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B (1/20) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.46 
 3/15/2027 
 3,929,899 
 3,924,411 
 3,823,045 
 
 Chemours
 Company, (The) 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 4/3/2025 
 915,661 
 880,331 
 896,780 
 
 Churchill
 Downs Incorporated 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 B1 (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.21 
 3/17/2028 
 496,250 
 495,147 
 489,427 
 
 CIMPRESS
 PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 USD Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 5/17/2028 
 995,000 
 986,097 
 987,538 
 
 CITADEL
 SECURITIES LP 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (01/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD SOFR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.69 
 2/2/2028 
 4,962,500 
 4,957,863 
 4,911,089 
 
 Clarios
 Global LP 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 B1 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.46 
 4/30/2026 
 1,267,812 
 1,259,559 
 1,253,549 
 
 Claros
 Mortgage Trust, Inc 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B-1 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD SOFR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 5.00 
 8/9/2026 
 3,474,709 
 3,452,852 
 3,457,336 
 
 Cole Haan 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.00 
 6.01 
 2/7/2025 
 925,000 
 919,273 
 811,688 
 
 Columbus
 McKinnon Corporation 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 (4/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 5/14/2028 
 487,192 
 486,099 
 482,929 
 
 Compass
 Power Generation, LLC 
 Utilities:
 Electric 
 Term Loan
 B (08/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 4.50 
 12/20/2024 
 1,707,152 
 1,704,898 
 1,686,120 
 
 Conduent,
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 4.75 
 10/16/2028 
 1,000,000 
 990,409 
 990,310 
 
 Connect
 Finco SARL 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 4.50 
 12/11/2026 
 2,947,500 
 2,823,770 
 2,906,972 
 
 Consolidated
 Communications, Inc. 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 4.25 
 10/2/2027 
 714,005 
 705,262 
 704,187 

S- 35 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR
 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 CORAL-US
 CO-BORROWER LLC 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B-5 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.44 
 1/31/2028 
 4,000,000 
 3,986,739 
 3,914,280 
 
 CoreCivic,
 Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (12/19) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 1.00 
 5.50 
 12/18/2024 
 1,872,727 
 1,852,319 
 1,857,127 
 
 Corelogic,
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (4/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 6/2/2028 
 2,493,750 
 2,482,238 
 2,459,461 
 
 Cortes
 NP Acquisition Corp (Vertiv) 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 2.86 
 3/2/2027 
 1,980,000 
 1,980,000 
 1,913,175 
 
 COWEN
 INC. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 4.00 
 3/24/2028 
 3,967,481 
 3,944,804 
 3,898,050 
 
 CROCS
 INC 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.03 
 1/26/2029 
 1,000,000 
 995,000 
 987,500 
 
 Cross
 Financial Corp 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 4.81 
 9/15/2027 
 497,500 
 497,013 
 495,634 
 
 Crown
 Subsea Communications Holding, Inc. 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 (4/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.75 
 5.50 
 4/27/2027 
 2,404,110 
 2,382,506 
 2,402,114 
 
 CSC Holdings
 LLC (Neptune Finco Corp.) 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan
 B (03/17) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.44 
 7/15/2025 
 1,934,010 
 1,919,923 
 1,873,263 
 
 CSC Holdings
 LLC (Neptune Finco Corp.) 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.44 
 1/15/2026 
 485,000 
 484,359 
 469,946 
 
 CSC Holdings
 LLC (Neptune Finco Corp.) 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan
 B-5 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.69 
 4/15/2027 
 490,000 
 490,000 
 475,035 
 
 CTS Midco,
 LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 1.00 
 7.00 
 11/2/2027 
 1,980,000 
 1,929,799 
 1,952,775 
 
 Daseke
 Inc 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 4.75 
 3/5/2028 
 1,488,750 
 1,482,131 
 1,473,863 
 
 DCert
 Buyer, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 4.21 
 10/16/2026 
 1,484,887 
 1,484,887 
 1,477,046 

S- 36 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Dealer
 Tire, LLC 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 B-1 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 4.46 
 12/12/2025 
 2,940,000 
 2,935,370 
 2,926,211 
 
 Delek
 US Holdings, Inc. 
 Utilities:
 Oil Gas 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.46 
 3/31/2025 
 6,315,361 
 6,274,862 
 6,148,699 
 
 DexKo
 Global, Inc. (Dragon Merger) 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 (9/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 10/4/2028 
 840,000 
 836,119 
 828,450 
 
 DexKo
 Global, Inc. (Dragon Merger) (a) 
 Automotive 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan (9/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 10/4/2028 
 130,905 
 134,906 
 132,706 
 
 Diamond
 Sports Group, LLC (b) 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 Prime+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 5.50 
 8/24/2026 
 3,408,970 
 2,964,398 
 1,264,728 
 
 DIRECTV
 FINANCING, LLC 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 5.75 
 8/2/2027 
 3,910,000 
 3,874,543 
 3,896,823 
 
 Dispatch
 Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 Environmental
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 5.00 
 3/25/2028 
 497,500 
 493,121 
 493,769 
 
 DOMTAR
 CORPORATION 
 Forest
 Products Paper 
 Term Loan
 9/21 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 0.75 
 6.25 
 11/30/2028 
 840,645 
 832,557 
 837,140 
 
 DRI HOLDING
 INC. 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan
 (12/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.25 
 0.50 
 5.75 
 12/15/2028 
 3,000,000 
 2,970,701 
 2,944,500 
 
 DRW Holdings,
 LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.96 
 3/1/2028 
 6,500,000 
 6,454,552 
 6,467,500 
 
 DTZ U.S.
 Borrower, LLC 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 2.96 
 8/21/2025 
 3,876,012 
 3,865,362 
 3,838,880 
 
 EAB Global,
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (08/21) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 8/16/2028 
 1,000,000 
 995,320 
 989,250 
 
 Echo Global
 Logistics, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 11/23/2028 
 2,000,000 
 1,995,444 
 1,978,500 
 
 Edelman
 Financial Group Inc., The 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 4.25 
 4/7/2028 
 2,210,766 
 2,203,181 
 2,190,603 
 
 Electrical
 Components Inter., Inc. 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 (6/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 4.46 
 6/26/2025 
 1,903,934 
 1,903,934 
 1,874,575 

S- 37 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 ELECTRON
 BIDCO INC. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 11/1/2028 
 500,000 
 497,610 
 494,455 
 
 ELO Touch
 Solutions, Inc. 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 
 Term Loan
 (12/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.50 
 0.00 
 6.71 
 12/14/2025 
 2,341,935 
 2,266,272 
 2,334,137 
 
 Embecta
 Corp 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 1/26/2029 
 750,000 
 746,250 
 742,688 
 
 Endo Luxembourg
 Finance Company I S.a.r.l. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 5.75 
 3/27/2028 
 2,347,110 
 2,338,792 
 2,264,421 
 
 Endure
 Digital, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 4.25 
 2/10/2028 
 2,487,500 
 2,476,721 
 2,394,219 
 
 Enterprise
 Merger Sub Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B (06/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.96 
 10/10/2025 
 4,850,000 
 4,844,205 
 3,516,638 
 
 Equiniti
 Group PLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 5.00 
 12/11/2028 
 500,000 
 495,392 
 497,085 
 
 EyeCare
 Partners, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.97 
 2/18/2027 
 1,967,959 
 1,967,595 
 1,945,820 
 
 Finco
 I LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (9/20) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 6/27/2025 
 3,793,978 
 3,787,136 
 3,743,708 
 
 First
 Brands Group, LLC 
 Automotive 
 1st Lien
 Term Loan (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 1.00 
 6.00 
 3/30/2027 
 4,962,500 
 4,891,260 
 4,925,281 
 
 First
 Eagle Investment Management 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Refinancing
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.72 
 2/1/2027 
 5,200,639 
 5,184,839 
 5,109,628 
 
 First
 Student Bidco Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 7/21/2028 
 730,392 
 725,495 
 719,663 
 
 First
 Student Bidco Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 C 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 7/21/2028 
 269,608 
 267,800 
 265,647 
 
 Fitness
 International, LLC (LA Fitness) 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B (4/18) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 1.00 
 4.25 
 4/18/2025 
 1,330,058 
 1,325,610 
 1,235,292 
 
 FOCUS
 FINANCIAL PARTNERS, LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (1/20) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.21 
 7/3/2024 
 494,872 
 494,493 
 488,122 

S- 38 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Franchise
 Group, Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 First
 Out Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.75 
 5.50 
 3/10/2026 
 815,445 
 808,696 
 813,406 
 
 Franklin
 Square Holdings, L.P. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.50 
 8/1/2025 
 4,353,736 
 4,335,125 
 4,310,199 
 
 Froneri
 International (R R Ice Cream) 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 B-2 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.46 
 1/29/2027 
 1,970,000 
 1,966,736 
 1,927,428 
 
 Garrett
 LX III S.a r.l. 
 Automotive 
 Dollar
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 4/28/2028 
 1,496,250 
 1,489,649 
 1,470,066 
 
 Gemini
 HDPE LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 B (12/20) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 12/31/2027 
 2,392,656 
 2,376,261 
 2,370,715 
 
 General
 Nutrition Centers, Inc. (d) 
 Retail 
 Second
 Lien Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 0.00 
 6.11 
 10/7/2026 
 376,605 
 376,605 
 351,342 
 
 Genesee
 Wyoming, Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 
 Term Loan
 (11/19) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.22 
 12/30/2026 
 1,473,750 
 1,468,685 
 1,451,305 
 
 GEO Group,
 Inc., The 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 Refinance 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.75 
 2.75 
 3/22/2024 
 3,922,786 
 3,717,418 
 3,615,828 
 
 GGP Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 8/27/2025 
 3,775,280 
 3,197,869 
 3,684,031 
 
 Gigamon
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 4.25 
 12/27/2024 
 2,900,607 
 2,887,935 
 2,889,730 
 
 Global
 Business Travel (GBT) III Inc. 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 8/13/2025 
 4,353,750 
 4,353,165 
 4,065,314 
 
 Global
 Tel Link Corporation 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 4.46 
 11/29/2025 
 4,938,649 
 4,748,435 
 4,788,959 
 
 Go Daddy
 Operating Company, LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.21 
 8/10/2027 
 1,979,899 
 1,979,899 
 1,948,657 
 
 Go Wireless
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.50 
 1.00 
 7.50 
 12/22/2024 
 2,846,753 
 2,824,354 
 2,828,961 
 
 GOLDEN
 WEST PACKAGING GROUP LLC 
 Forest
 Products Paper 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.25 
 0.75 
 6.00 
 11/23/2027 
 2,000,000 
 1,980,672 
 1,980,000 

S- 39 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Graham
 Packaging Co Inc 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 3.75 
 8/7/2027 
 972,314 
 966,607 
 961,647 
 
 Great
 Outdoors Group, LLC 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 3/6/2028 
 990,019 
 985,574 
 984,079 
 
 Greenhill
 Co., Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.46 
 4/12/2024 
 2,844,231 
 2,829,223 
 2,826,454 
 
 Griffon
 Corporation 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.27 
 1/24/2029 
 250,000 
 249,378 
 248,063 
 
 Grosvenor
 Capital Management Holdings, LLLP 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Amendment
 5 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 3.00 
 2/24/2028 
 3,870,741 
 3,867,368 
 3,845,581 
 
 Harbor
 Freight Tools USA, Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B (06/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 10/19/2027 
 3,473,618 
 3,452,200 
 3,414,393 
 
 Harland
 Clarke Holdings Corp. 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan
 (08/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 7.75 
 1.00 
 8.75 
 6/16/2026 
 1,262,555 
 1,260,655 
 1,121,149 
 
 Helix
 Gen Funding, LLc 
 Energy:
 Electricity 
 Term Loan
 B (02/17) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 1.00 
 4.75 
 6/3/2024 
 226,716 
 226,626 
 218,895 
 
 Hillman
 Group Inc. (The) (New) 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 B-1 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 7/14/2028 
 3,514,399 
 3,506,291 
 3,471,101 
 
 Hillman
 Group Inc. (The) (New) (a) 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 7/14/2028 
 67,342 
 67,342 
 56,947 
 
 HLF Financing
 SARL (Herbalife) 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 B (08/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 8/18/2025 
 3,550,000 
 3,541,488 
 3,505,625 
 
 Holley
 Purchaser, Inc 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 11/17/2028 
 2,137,500 
 2,127,187 
 2,117,899 
 
 Holley
 Purchaser, Inc (a) 
 Automotive 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 11/17/2028 
 106,875 
 106,875 
 103,602 
 
 Howden
 Group Holdings 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 4.00 
 11/12/2027 
 2,174,152 
 2,164,312 
 2,148,192 
 
 Hudson
 River Trading LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 3.30 
 3/17/2028 
 5,955,000 
 5,902,173 
 5,843,344 

S- 40 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Idera,
 Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (02/21) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 3/2/2028 
 4,860,079 
 4,848,914 
 4,811,478 
 
 IMA Financial
 Group, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (10/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 11/1/2028 
 2,000,000 
 1,990,546 
 1,973,760 
 
 INDY US
 BIDCO, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.96 
 3/6/2028 
 2,238,141 
 2,237,925 
 2,221,355 
 
 INEOS
 US PETROCHEM LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.25 
 1/29/2026 
 995,000 
 991,113 
 983,189 
 
 Informatica
 Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (10/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 3.00 
 10/27/2028 
 500,000 
 499,441 
 493,440 
 
 Ingram
 Micro Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 6/30/2028 
 1,492,500 
 1,478,709 
 1,483,172 
 
 Inmar
 Acquisition Sub, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 5/1/2024 
 3,386,129 
 3,343,519 
 3,356,501 
 
 Innophos,
 Inc. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.96 
 2/4/2027 
 491,250 
 489,509 
 487,973 
 
 INSTANT
 BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 4/21 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 5.75 
 4/7/2028 
 4,368,033 
 4,346,269 
 4,018,591 
 
 INSTRUCTURE
 HOLDINGS, INC. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.27 
 10/21/2028 
 500,000 
 498,797 
 492,500 
 
 Isagenix
 International, LLC 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.75 
 1.00 
 6.75 
 6/14/2025 
 2,427,552 
 2,401,608 
 1,775,900 
 
 Ivory
 Merger Sub, Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 3.67 
 3/14/2025 
 2,949,539 
 2,931,462 
 2,870,285 
 
 J Jill
 Group, Inc 
 Retail 
 Priming
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 1.00 
 6.00 
 5/8/2024 
 1,574,907 
 1,573,650 
 1,409,542 
 
 Jane Street
 Group 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 2.96 
 1/31/2028 
 3,960,000 
 3,954,873 
 3,906,778 

S- 41 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Journey
 Personal Care Corp. 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 5.00 
 3/1/2028 
 995,000 
 990,570 
 945,250 
 
 JP Intermediate
 B, LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 1.00 
 6.50 
 11/15/2025 
 4,154,019 
 4,125,538 
 3,620,933 
 
 KAR Auction
 Services, Inc. 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 B (09/19) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.50 
 9/19/2026 
 244,375 
 243,989 
 241,931 
 
 Klockner-Pentaplast
 of America, Inc. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) (USD) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 5.55 
 2/12/2026 
 1,488,750 
 1,482,629 
 1,391,981 
 
 Kodiak
 BP, LLC 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 4.00 
 3/13/2028 
 496,250 
 494,732 
 489,054 
 
 KREF Holdings
 X LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 9/1/2027 
 496,250 
 486,145 
 491,288 
 
 Lakeland
 Tours, LLC (d) 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Priority
 Exit PIK Term Loan (9/20) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 1.25 
 7.25 
 9/25/2023 
 299,904 
 288,132 
 300,054 
 
 Lakeland
 Tours, LLC (d) 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 2nd Out
 Take Back PIK Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.50 
 1.25 
 2.75 
 9/25/2025 
 616,465 
 528,040 
 592,115 
 
 Lakeland
 Tours, LLC (d) 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Third
 Out PIK Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.50 
 1.25 
 2.75 
 9/25/2025 
 818,373 
 540,076 
 720,987 
 
 Lakeland
 Tours, LLC (d) 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Holdco
 Fixed Term Loan 
 Loan 
 Fixed 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 13.25 
 9/27/2027 
 869,977 
 228,303 
 594,847 
 
 Lealand
 Finance Company B.V. (d) 
 Energy:
 Oil Gas 
 Exit Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 1.00 
 0.00 
 1.21 
 6/30/2025 
 334,753 
 334,753 
 155,422 
 
 Learfield
 Communications, Inc 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Initial
 Term Loan (A-L Parent) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 1.00 
 4.25 
 12/1/2023 
 475,000 
 474,352 
 449,616 
 
 Lifetime
 Brands, Inc 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 4.50 
 2/28/2025 
 2,694,077 
 2,673,038 
 2,667,136 
 
 Lightstone
 Generation LLC 
 Energy:
 Electricity 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 1.00 
 4.75 
 1/30/2024 
 1,322,520 
 1,321,594 
 1,099,212 
 
 Lightstone
 Generation LLC 
 Energy:
 Electricity 
 Term Loan
 C 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 1.00 
 4.75 
 1/30/2024 
 74,592 
 74,542 
 61,997 

S- 42 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Liquid
 Tech Solutions Holdings, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 12M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.00 
 5.50 
 3/17/2028 
 995,000 
 991,612 
 991,269 
 
 LogMeIn,
 Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (8/20) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.00 
 4.89 
 8/31/2027 
 3,960,000 
 3,897,792 
 3,888,482 
 
 LOYALTY
 VENTURES INC. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 5.00 
 11/3/2027 
 3,340,141 
 3,320,925 
 3,294,214 
 
 LPL Holdings,
 Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B1 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.86 
 11/11/2026 
 1,220,308 
 1,218,289 
 1,200,857 
 
 LSF11
 A5 HOLDCO LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 10/16/2028 
 250,000 
 248,837 
 246,875 
 
 MA FinanceCo
 LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B4 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 1.00 
 5.25 
 6/5/2025 
 2,234,660 
 2,228,836 
 2,208,582 
 
 MAGNITE,
 INC. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 5.75 
 4/28/2028 
 1,990,000 
 1,935,905 
 1,980,050 
 
 Marriott
 Ownership Resorts, Inc. 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 (11/19) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 8/29/2025 
 1,317,074 
 1,317,074 
 1,290,403 
 
 Match
 Group, Inc, The 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (1/20) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 2.22 
 2/15/2027 
 250,000 
 249,562 
 244,895 
 
 Mayfield
 Agency Borrower Inc. (FeeCo) 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.00 
 4.71 
 2/28/2025 
 3,392,071 
 3,369,794 
 3,375,823 
 
 McAfee,
 LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 Prime+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 6.00 
 9/30/2024 
 1,642,423 
 1,638,322 
 1,638,054 
 
 McGraw-Hill
 Education, Inc. 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan
 (07/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 5.26 
 7/28/2028 
 1,995,000 
 1,976,108 
 1,975,050 
 
 MedAssets
 Software Inter Hldg, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) (USD) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 4.50 
 11/17/2028 
 500,000 
 492,500 
 496,250 
 
 Mermaid
 Bidco Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 12/22/2027 
 993,756 
 990,577 
 976,366 
 
 Messer
 Industries, LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.72 
 3/1/2026 
 3,381,477 
 3,366,633 
 3,341,677 

S- 43 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset
 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Michaels
 Companies Inc 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B (Magic Mergeco) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 5.00 
 4/8/2028 
 2,492,500 
 2,474,302 
 2,312,492 
 
 Milk Specialties
 Company 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 (6/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 8/15/2025 
 3,801,560 
 3,774,075 
 3,782,552 
 
 MJH Healthcare
 Holdings, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B (01/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 1/28/2029 
 250,000 
 248,782 
 247,500 
 
 MKS Instruments,
 Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B6 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 2/2/2026 
 868,529 
 863,296 
 862,562 
 
 MRC Global
 Inc. 
 Metals
 Mining 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 3.21 
 9/20/2024 
 351,484 
 351,116 
 348,848 
 
 MW Industries,
 Inc. (Helix Acquisition Holdings) 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 (2019 Incremental) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.97 
 9/30/2024 
 2,842,097 
 2,812,930 
 2,765,730 
 
 NAB Holdings,
 LLC (North American Bancard) 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 11/17/2028 
 3,000,000 
 2,992,613 
 2,950,710 
 
 Natgasoline
 LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 3.75 
 11/14/2025 
 3,472,277 
 3,448,686 
 3,411,513 
 
 National
 Mentor Holdings, Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 2/21 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 3/2/2028 
 2,763,891 
 2,753,599 
 2,704,771 
 
 National
 Mentor Holdings, Inc. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 C 2/21 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 3/2/2028 
 87,464 
 87,078 
 85,593 
 
 National
 Mentor Holdings, Inc. (a) 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan 2/21 
 Loan 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 3/2/2028 
 - 
 - 
 (2,758 
 
 Neenah,
 Inc. 
 Forest
 Products Paper 
 Term Loan
 B (03/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 4/6/2028 
 1,990,000 
 1,981,133 
 1,960,150 
 
 NEW ERA
 CAP, LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 (01/22) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 0.75 
 6.75 
 7/13/2027 
 1,000,000 
 998,828 
 997,500 
 
 Nexstar
 Broadcasting, Inc. (Mission Broadcasting) 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.61 
 9/18/2026 
 1,113,795 
 1,103,364 
 1,107,146 
 
 Next Level
 Apparel, Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD WIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 1.00 
 6.50 
 8/9/2024 
 1,725,340 
 1,717,025 
 1,690,834 

S- 44 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 NM Z Parent
 Inc (Zep Inc) 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 12M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 8/9/2024 
 871,151 
 869,399 
 842,838 
 
 NorthPole
 Newco S.a.r.l (b), (d) 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 7.00 
 0.00 
 7.22 
 3/3/2025 
 5,348,887 
 5,028,659 
 1,537,805 
 
 NortonLifeLock
 Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 2.50 
 1/28/2029 
 1,500,000 
 1,492,500 
 1,480,620 
 
 Novae
 LLC 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 5.75 
 12/22/2028 
 1,555,556 
 1,540,210 
 1,540,000 
 
 Novae
 LLC (a) 
 Automotive 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan 
 Loan 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 12/22/2028 
 - 
 - 
 (4,444 
 
 Novolex
 Holdings, Inc (Flex Acquisition) 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (02/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 3/2/2028 
 987,555 
 983,296 
 983,437 
 
 Nuvei
 Technologies Corp. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 US Term
 Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 3.00 
 9/29/2025 
 2,238,750 
 2,234,198 
 2,210,766 
 
 Olaplex,
 Inc. 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 (2/22) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 2/23/2029 
 1,000,000 
 997,500 
 996,250 
 
 Organon
 Co. 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 USD 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 6/2/2028 
 2,410,417 
 2,399,629 
 2,397,617 
 
 Pacific
 Gas and Electric Company 
 Utilities:
 Electric 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 6/18/2025 
 1,479,969 
 1,474,197 
 1,449,999 
 
 PACTIV
 EVERGREEN GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 9/20/2028 
 997,500 
 992,792 
 984,473 
 
 Padagis
 LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 5.25 
 7/6/2028 
 941,176 
 932,470 
 934,118 
 
 Panther
 Guarantor II, L.P. (Forcepoint) 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 1/21 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 5.00 
 1/7/2028 
 497,500 
 494,346 
 493,520 
 
 Pathway
 Partners Vet Management Company LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.96 
 3/30/2027 
 491,473 
 482,640 
 486,804 
 
 PCI Gaming
 Authority 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 5/29/2026 
 809,038 
 806,361 
 800,188 

S- 45 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 PEARLS
 (Netherlands) Bidco B.V. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 USD Term
 Loan (02/22) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 4.50 
 2/4/2029 
 1,000,000 
 997,500 
 989,580 
 
 PECF USS
 INTERMEDIATE HOLDING III CORPORATION 
 Environmental
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 4.75 
 12/15/2028 
 100,000 
 99,777 
 99,391 
 
 PEDIATRIC
 ASSOCIATES HOLDING COMPANY, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 (12/22) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 3.84 
 12/28/2028 
 1,302,632 
 1,296,159 
 1,291,234 
 
 PEDIATRIC
 ASSOCIATES HOLDING COMPANY, LLC (a) 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan (12/21) 
 Loan 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 12/28/2028 
 - 
 - 
 (1,727 
 
 Penn National
 Gaming 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 B-1 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.75 
 3.00 
 10/15/2025 
 1,762,675 
 1,715,292 
 1,746,370 
 
 Peraton
 Corp. 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 2/1/2028 
 5,459,994 
 5,439,162 
 5,425,869 
 
 PHYSICIAN
 PARTNERS, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD SOFR+ 
 4.00 
 0.50 
 4.50 
 12/23/2028 
 2,000,000 
 1,980,245 
 1,985,000 
 
 Ping Identity
 Corporation 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (11/21) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.45 
 11/22/2028 
 1,000,000 
 995,074 
 990,000 
 
 Pitney
 Bowes Inc 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 4.21 
 3/17/2028 
 2,977,500 
 2,960,793 
 2,944,003 
 
 Pixelle
 Specialty Solutions LLC 
 Forest
 Products Paper 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 6.50 
 1.00 
 7.50 
 10/31/2024 
 3,535,026 
 3,515,981 
 3,504,837 
 
 Plastipak
 Holdings Inc. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 B (11/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 3.00 
 11/17/2028 
 2,000,000 
 1,990,299 
 1,974,380 
 
 Playtika
 Holding Corp. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.00 
 2.96 
 3/13/2028 
 4,466,250 
 4,457,371 
 4,415,513 
 
 PMHC II,
 INC. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 (02/22) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 4.75 
 2/2/2029 
 2,000,000 
 1,990,000 
 1,968,340 
 
 PointClickCare
 Technologies, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 3.75 
 12/29/2027 
 496,250 
 494,183 
 486,945 
 
 Polymer
 Process Holdings, Inc. 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 0.75 
 5.50 
 2/12/2028 
 5,458,750 
 5,404,639 
 5,333,635 

S- 46 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Pre-Paid
 Legal Services, Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term
 Loan (12/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 12/15/2028 
 3,000,000 
 2,975,633 
 2,973,000 
 
 Presidio,
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B (1/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 3.71 
 1/22/2027 
 492,500 
 491,700 
 488,038 
 
 Prime
 Security Services Borrower, LLC (ADT) 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.75 
 3.50 
 9/23/2026 
 3,556,300 
 3,553,818 
 3,513,837 
 
 PRIORITY
 HOLDINGS, LLC 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.75 
 1.00 
 6.75 
 4/27/2027 
 2,985,000 
 2,957,411 
 2,973,806 
 
 PriSo
 Acquisition Corporation 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 (01/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 4.00 
 12/28/2027 
 496,248 
 494,100 
 487,832 
 
 Project
 Leopard Holdings Inc 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.75 
 1.00 
 5.75 
 7/5/2024 
 495,000 
 494,242 
 492,678 
 
 Prometric
 Inc. (Sarbacane Bidco) 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 1.00 
 4.00 
 1/29/2025 
 481,388 
 480,315 
 474,017 
 
 PUG
 LLC 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B (02/20) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 3.71 
 2/12/2027 
 485,075 
 483,298 
 475,374 
 
 QUEST
 BORROWER LIMITED 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (1/22) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 4.75 
 1/19/2029 
 2,000,000 
 1,980,237 
 1,968,760 
 
 Rackspace
 Technology Global, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.75 
 3.50 
 2/15/2028 
 496,250 
 494,141 
 480,519 
 
 RealPage,
 Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (04/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 4/24/2028 
 997,500 
 995,328 
 985,720 
 
 Renaissance
 Learning, Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (5/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.46 
 5/30/2025 
 2,969,141 
 2,946,381 
 2,922,496 
 
 Rent-A-Center,
 Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B2 (9/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.81 
 2/17/2028 
 993,744 
 991,647 
 973,869 
 
 Research
 Now Group, Inc 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.50 
 1.00 
 6.50 
 12/20/2024 
 4,343,378 
 4,268,021 
 4,251,082 
 
 Resideo
 Funding Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (1/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.50 
 2.75 
 2/11/2028 
 1,488,750 
 1,486,251 
 1,481,306 

S- 47 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Resolute
 Investment Managers (American Beacon), Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (10/20) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 1.00 
 5.25 
 4/30/2024 
 3,084,702 
 3,078,180 
 3,067,366 
 
 Restoration
 Hardware, Inc. 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 (9/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 3.00 
 10/20/2028 
 3,497,500 
 3,489,704 
 3,456,509 
 
 Reynolds
 Consumer Products LLC 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 1/29/2027 
 1,291,932 
 1,290,988 
 1,271,829 
 
 Reynolds
 Group Holdings Inc. 
 Metals
 Mining 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.46 
 2/5/2026 
 3,465,000 
 3,449,546 
 3,406,545 
 
 Robertshaw
 US Holding Corp. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 4.50 
 2/28/2025 
 962,500 
 961,492 
 877,800 
 
 Rocket
 Software, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (11/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.00 
 4.46 
 11/28/2025 
 2,905,190 
 2,897,593 
 2,876,138 
 
 Russell
 Investments US Inst l Holdco, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (10/20) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 4.50 
 6/2/2025 
 5,637,965 
 5,601,072 
 5,592,185 
 
 RV Retailer
 LLC 
 Automotive 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 2/8/2028 
 1,985,000 
 1,967,852 
 1,951,513 
 
 Ryan Specialty
 Group LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 3.75 
 9/1/2027 
 493,750 
 487,862 
 489,583 
 
 S S
 HOLDINGS LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.50 
 5.50 
 3/10/2028 
 2,483,744 
 2,427,454 
 2,458,906 
 
 Sally
 Holdings LLC 
 Retail 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.46 
 7/5/2024 
 748,409 
 746,932 
 740,925 
 
 Samsonite
 International S.A. 
 Consumer
 goods: Non-durable 
 Term Loan
 B2 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.75 
 3.75 
 4/25/2025 
 987,538 
 967,436 
 979,519 
 
 Schweitzer-Mauduit
 International, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.75 
 4.50 
 4/20/2028 
 2,985,000 
 2,969,212 
 2,895,450 
 
 Scientific
 Games Holdings LP 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD SOFR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 2/3/2029 
 500,000 
 498,750 
 496,460 
 
 SETANTA
 AIRCRAFT LEASING DAC 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.14 
 11/2/2028 
 1,000,000 
 997,653 
 993,440 

S- 48 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ LIBOR 

 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Signify
 Health, LLC 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B (6/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 6/16/2028 
 498,750 
 496,482 
 492,206 
 
 Sitel
 Worldwide Corporation 
 Services:
 Business 
 USD Term
 Loan (7/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 8/28/2028 
 1,995,000 
 1,985,688 
 1,981,294 
 
 SiteOne
 Landscape Supply, LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (3/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 2.50 
 3/18/2028 
 785,769 
 784,048 
 780,528 
 
 SMG US
 Midco 2, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (01/20) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.80 
 1/23/2025 
 490,000 
 490,000 
 472,238 
 
 Sotheby s 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (7/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 5.00 
 1/15/2027 
 3,256,472 
 3,207,096 
 3,240,190 
 
 Sparta
 U.S. HoldCo LLC 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 (04/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 4.25 
 8/2/2028 
 2,000,000 
 1,990,687 
 1,985,000 
 
 Specialty
 Pharma III Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.75 
 5.25 
 3/31/2028 
 1,995,000 
 1,977,135 
 1,975,050 
 
 Spectrum
 Brands, Inc. 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 2.50 
 3/3/2028 
 496,250 
 495,145 
 494,389 
 
 Spin Holdco,
 Inc. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 3/21 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 4.75 
 3/4/2028 
 2,977,500 
 2,962,439 
 2,958,474 
 
 SRAM,
 LLC 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 (05/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.26 
 5/12/2028 
 3,600,000 
 3,594,517 
 3,571,488 
 
 SS C
 Technologies, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B3 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 4/16/2025 
 190,170 
 189,956 
 186,819 
 
 SS C
 Technologies, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B4 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 4/16/2025 
 154,375 
 154,203 
 151,655 
 
 SS C
 Technologies, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B-5 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.96 
 4/16/2025 
 477,615 
 477,001 
 469,376 
 
 STANDARD
 INDUSTRIES INC. 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.50 
 3.00 
 9/22/2028 
 640,250 
 634,225 
 637,503 
 
 Staples,
 Inc. 
 Wholesale 
 Term Loan
 (03/19) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 5.00 
 0.00 
 5.13 
 4/16/2026 
 4,386,462 
 4,265,782 
 4,154,813 

S- 49 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 

 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
 LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Stars
 Group Inc. (The) 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.47 
 7/21/2026 
 1,995,000 
 1,990,864 
 1,972,776 
 
 Storable,
 Inc 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 4/17/2028 
 500,000 
 498,861 
 494,375 
 
 Superannuation
 Investments US LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 12/1/2028 
 1,000,000 
 990,274 
 995,940 
 
 Sylvamo
 Corporation 
 Forest
 Products Paper 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.50 
 0.50 
 5.00 
 8/18/2028 
 1,093,333 
 1,082,992 
 1,085,133 
 
 Syncsort
 Incorporated 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B (10/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 4.75 
 4/24/2028 
 2,495,000 
 2,493,770 
 2,465,684 
 
 Syniverse
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD SOFR+ 
 4.25 
 0.50 
 4.75 
 2/1/2029 
 500,000 
 495,000 
 499,375 
 
 Tenable
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B (6/21) 
 Loan 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.75 
 0.50 
 3.27 
 7/7/2028 
 1,000,000 
 997,633 
 986,250 
 
 Teneo
 Holdings LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.25 
 1.00 
 6.25 
 7/15/2025 
 4,428,522 
 4,355,261 
 4,383,129 
 
 Tenneco
 Inc 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 3.21 
 10/1/2025 
 1,455,000 
 1,447,215 
 1,444,088 
 
 Ten-X,
 LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 9/27/2024 
 1,920,000 
 1,918,652 
 1,881,600 
 
 The Dun
 Bradstreet Corporation 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.46 
 2/6/2026 
 1,000,000 
 998,750 
 988,330 
 
 The Dun
 Bradstreet Corporation 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.44 
 1/5/2029 
 250,000 
 248,180 
 246,668 
 
 THE KNOT
 WORLDWIDE INC. 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 (1/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 4.50 
 0.00 
 4.67 
 12/19/2025 
 4,869,796 
 4,863,346 
 4,829,231 
 
 The Octave
 Music Group, Inc (Touchtunes) 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 6.00 
 1.00 
 7.00 
 5/29/2025 
 2,893,526 
 2,872,208 
 2,871,824 
 
 Thor Industries,
 Inc. 
 Automotive 
 USD Term
 Loan (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 3.25 
 2/1/2026 
 2,810,435 
 2,763,310 
 2,797,563 

S- 50 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
 LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 
Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Tosca
 Services, LLC 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 Term Loan
 (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.75 
 4.25 
 8/18/2027 
 495,000 
 489,079 
 487,575 
 
 Trans
 Union LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 2.50 
 12/1/2028 
 870,968 
 868,877 
 860,804 
 
 Transdigm,
 Inc. 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 G (02/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.46 
 8/22/2024 
 4,024,167 
 4,026,414 
 3,959,700 
 
 Travel
 Leaders Group, LLC 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 B (08/18) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 4.21 
 1/25/2024 
 2,412,500 
 2,411,191 
 2,268,353 
 
 TRITON
 WATER HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 (03/21) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.50 
 4.00 
 3/31/2028 
 1,492,500 
 1,485,884 
 1,454,352 
 
 Tronox
 Pigments (Netherlands) B.V. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.47 
 3/10/2028 
 346,923 
 346,183 
 341,719 
 
 TruGreen
 Limited Partnership 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 4.75 
 10/29/2027 
 964,241 
 957,748 
 961,830 
 
 Uber Technologies,
 Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B (2/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 3.71 
 2/25/2027 
 3,947,943 
 3,909,627 
 3,905,740 
 
 Ultra
 Clean Holdings, Inc. 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Incremental
 Term Loan 3/21 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.00 
 3.96 
 8/27/2025 
 884,205 
 880,505 
 882,366 
 
 Unimin
 Corporation 
 Metals
 Mining 
 Term Loan
 (12/20) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 7/31/2026 
 496,815 
 471,432 
 490,853 
 
 United
 Natural Foods, Inc 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.46 
 10/22/2025 
 1,624,974 
 1,562,482 
 1,616,166 
 
 United
 Road Services Inc. 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 
 Term Loan
 (10/17) 
 Loan 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 
 5.75 
 1.00 
 6.75 
 9/1/2024 
 920,843 
 915,490 
 826,457 
 
 Univar
 Inc. 
 Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 
 Term Loan
 B6 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.21 
 6/2/2028 
 1,990,000 
 1,980,782 
 1,974,458 
 
 Univision
 Communications Inc. 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 
 Term Loan
 B (6/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.75 
 4.00 
 3/15/2026 
 2,471,487 
 2,464,765 
 2,451,913 
 
 US Ecology,
 Inc. 
 Environmental
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.50 
 0.00 
 2.71 
 11/2/2026 
 490,000 
 489,302 
 488,040 

S- 51 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
 LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 Utz Quality
 Foods, LLC 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 0.00 
 3.21 
 1/20/2028 
 1,847,121 
 1,844,606 
 1,827,264 
 
 Vaco Holdings,
 LLC 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 (01/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 5.75 
 1/19/2029 
 250,000 
 248,777 
 248,124 
 
 Verifone
 Systems, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (7/18) 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.00 
 4.50 
 8/20/2025 
 1,382,319 
 1,377,042 
 1,354,672 
 
 Vertex
 Aerospace Services Corp 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 Term Loan
 (10/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 4.75 
 12/6/2028 
 1,000,000 
 995,345 
 992,080 
 
 VFH Parent
 LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 (01/22) 
 Loan 
 Daily SOFR+ 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 3.50 
 1/12/2029 
 3,100,888 
 3,092,414 
 3,071,833 
 
 Virtus
 Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 B (9/21) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.36 
 9/28/2028 
 2,992,500 
 2,982,995 
 2,971,942 
 
 Vistra
 Energy Corp 
 Utilities:
 Electric 
 2018 Incremental
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 1.75 
 0.00 
 1.87 
 12/31/2025 
 907,176 
 906,677 
 890,075 
 
 Vizient,
 Inc 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Term Loan
 B-6 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.21 
 5/6/2026 
 486,250 
 485,567 
 480,779 
 
 VM Consolidated,
 Inc. 
 Construction
 Building 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 6M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.00 
 3.60 
 3/19/2028 
 2,339,327 
 2,336,223 
 2,322,951 
 
 Vouvray
 US Finance LLC 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.00 
 1.00 
 4.00 
 3/11/2024 
 476,250 
 476,250 
 411,837 
 
 Warner
 Music Group Corp. (WMG Acquisition Corp.) 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 Term Loan
 G 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 2.13 
 0.00 
 2.33 
 1/20/2028 
 1,250,000 
 1,249,760 
 1,234,763 
 
 Wastequip,
 LLC (HPCC Merger/Patriot Container) 
 Environmental
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 (3/18) 
 Loan 
 1M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 1.00 
 4.75 
 3/15/2025 
 489,822 
 488,550 
 469,004 
 
 Watlow
 Electric Manufacturing Company 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.75 
 0.50 
 4.25 
 3/2/2028 
 2,481,250 
 2,470,270 
 2,452,294 
 
 West Corporation 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B (Olympus Merger) 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 4.00 
 1.00 
 5.00 
 10/10/2024 
 1,086,078 
 1,047,433 
 967,424 
 
 West Corporation 
 Telecommunications 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 3M
USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 1.00 
 4.50 
 10/10/2024 
 2,599,274 
 2,562,059 
 2,301,449 

S- 52 

Saratoga
Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule
of Investments 

February
28, 2022 

Issuer
 Name 
 Industry 
 Asset 
 Name 
 Asset
 Type 
 Reference 
 Rate/Spread 
 
 SOFR/ 
 LIBOR 
 Floor 
 Current
 
 Rate 
 (All In) 
 Maturity 

 Date 
 Principal/ 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 

 Value 
 
 WEX Inc. 
 Services:
 Business 
 Term Loan
 B (3/21) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.25 
 0.00 
 2.46 
 3/31/2028 
 2,985,000 
 2,974,005 
 2,937,419 
 
 WildBrain
 Ltd. 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 4.25 
 0.75 
 5.00 
 3/27/2028 
 1,985,000 
 1,949,907 
 1,966,401 
 
 WP CITYMD
 BIDCO LLC 
 Services:
 Consumer 
 Term Loan
 B 
 Loan 
 6M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 12/22/2028 
 7,424,013 
 7,399,065 
 7,355,340 
 
 Xperi
 Corporation 
 High Tech
 Industries 
 Term Loan 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.50 
 0.00 
 3.71 
 6/8/2028 
 2,741,617 
 2,730,066 
 2,719,355 
 
 ZEBRA
 BUYER LLC 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 Term Loan
 4/21 
 Loan 
 3M USD LIBOR+ 
 3.25 
 0.50 
 3.75 
 11/1/2028 
 887,097 
 883,013 
 882,661 
 
 Zekelman
 Industries, Inc. 
 Metals
 Mining 
 Term Loan
 (01/20) 
 Loan 
 1M USD LIBOR+ 
 2.00 
 0.00 
 2.14 
 1/25/2027 
 968,914 
 968,914 
 954,622 
 
 Zodiac
 Pool Solutions 
 Consumer
 goods: Durable 
 Term Loan
 (1/22) 
 Loan 
 1M USD SOFR+ 
 2.00 
 0.50 
 2.50 
 1/19/2029 
 500,000 
 498,783 
 493,440 

653,022,265 
 638,963,350 

S- 53 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. 

Schedule of Investments 

February 28, 2022 

Number of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

U.S. Bank Money Market (c) 
 6,171,793 
 6,171,793 
 6,171,793 
 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 6,171,793 
 6,171,793 
 6,171,793 

(a) 
 All or a portion of this investment has an unfunded commitment as of February 28, 2022 

(b) 
 As of February 28, 2022, the investment was in default and on non-accrual status. 

(c) 
 Included within cash and cash equivalents in Saratoga CLO s Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of February 28, 2022. 
 
 (d) 
 Investments include Payment-in-Kind Interest. 

LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate 

SOFR - Secured Overnight Financing Rate 

WIBOR - Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate 

1M USD LIBOR The 1 month USD LIBOR rate
as of February 28, 2022 was 0.23 . 

2M USD LIBOR The 2 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2022 was 0.50 . 

3M USD LIBOR The 3 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2022 was 0.51 . 

6M USD LIBOR The 6 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2022 was 0.80 . 

12M USD LIBOR - The 12 month USD LIBOR rate as of February 28, 2022 was 1.28 . 

3 PL WIBOR - The 3 month PL WIBOR rate as of February 28, 2022 was 3.65 . 

Daily SOFR- The daily SOFR rate as of February 28, 2022 was 0.05 . 

1M SOFR - The 1 month SOFR rate as of February 28, 2022 was 0.05 . 

3M SOFR - The 3 month SOFR rate as of February 28, 2022 was 0.04 . 

Prime The Prime Rate as of February 28,
2022 was 3.25 . 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

S- 54 

SARATOGA
INVESTMENT CORP. CLO 2013-1, LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.
Organization and Purpose 

Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. (the Issuer ,
 we , our , us , CLO or Saratoga CLO ), an exempted company with limited
liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands was formed on November 28, 2007 and commenced operations on January 22, 2008.
The Issuer was established to acquire or participate in U.S. dollar-denominated corporate debt obligations. The Company 
refers to Saratoga Investment Corp.

On January 22, 2008, the Issuer issued 400.0 million of notes, consisting
of Class A Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class B Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class C Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, Class D Deferrable
Floating Rate Notes, Class E Deferrable Floating Rate Notes (collectively the Secured Notes ), and Subordinated Notes. The
notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated January 22, 2008 (the Indenture ), with U.S. Bank National Association
(the Trustee servicing as the Trustee thereunder. 

On
October 17, 2013, in a refinancing transaction, the Issuer issued 284.9 million of notes (the 2013-1 CLO Notes ), consisting
of Class X Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class A-1 Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class A-2 Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class B Floating Rate
Senior Notes, Class C Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, Class D Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, Class E Deferrable Floating Rate Notes,
and Class F Deferrable Floating Rate Notes. The 2013-1 CLO Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture with the same Trustee. Proceeds
of the issuance of the 2013-1 CLO Notes were used, along with existing assets held by the Trustee, to redeem all of the Secured Notes
issued in 2008. 

On
November 15, 2016, the Issuer completed the second refinancing and the Issuer issued 282.4 million of notes (the 2013-1 Amended
CLO Notes ), consisting of Class A-1 Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class A-2 Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class B Floating Rate Senior
Notes, Class C Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, Class D Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, Class E Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, and Class
F Deferrable Floating Rate Notes. The 2013-1 Amended CLO Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture with the same Trustee. Proceeds
of the issuance of the 2013-1 Amended CLO Notes were used, along with existing assets held by the Trustee, to redeem all of the 2013-1
CLO Notes issued in 2013. 

On
December 14, 2018, in a refinancing transaction, the Issuer issued 509.5 million of notes (the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes ),
consisting of Class A-1FL-R-2 Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class A-1FXD-R-2 Fixed Rate Senior Notes, Class A-2-R-2 Floating Rate Senior
Notes, Class B-R-2 Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class C-R-2 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes, Class D-R-2 Deferrable Mezzanine
Floating Rate Notes, Class E-1-R-2 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes, Class F-R-2 Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes, Class
G-R-2 Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes, and Subordinated Notes. The 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture
with the same Trustee. Proceeds of the issuance of the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes were used along with existing assets held by the Trustee
to redeem all of the Secured Notes issued in 2016. 

On
February 26, 2021, the Company completed the fourth refinancing of the Saratoga CLO. This refinancing, among other things, extended the
Saratoga CLO reinvestment period to April 2024, and extended its legal maturity to April 2033. A non-call period ending February
2022 was also added. In addition, and as part of the refinancing, the Saratoga CLO has also been upsized from 500 million in assets
to approximately 650 million. As part of this refinancing and upsizing, the Company invested an additional 14.0 million in
all of the newly issued subordinated notes of the Saratoga CLO, and purchased 17.9 million in aggregate principal amount of the Class F-R-3 Notes
tranche at par. Concurrently, the existing 2.5 million of Class F-R-2 Notes, 7.5 million of Class G-R-2 Notes and 25.0 million
CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 Loan were repaid. The Company also paid 2.6 million of transaction costs related to the refinancing
and upsizing on behalf of the Saratoga CLO, to be reimbursed from future equity distributions. At February 28, 2022, the outstanding
receivable of 2.6 million was repaid in full. 

S- 55 

On August 9, 2021, the Company exchanged its existing 17.9 million
Class F-R-3 Notes for 8.5 million Class F-1-R-3 Notes and 9.4 million Class F-2-R-3 Notes at par as a non cash transaction. 

Pursuant
to an investment management agreement (the Investment Management Agreement ), Saratoga Investment Corp. (the Investment
Manager ), provides investment management services to the Issuer, and makes day-to-day investment decisions concerning the assets
of the Issuer. The Investment Manager also performs certain administrative services on behalf of the Issuer under the Investment Management
Agreement. The CLO remains 100.0 owned and managed by Saratoga Investment Corp. 

2.
Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP and are stated in U.S. dollars. The following is a summary of the significant accounting policies followed by the Issuer in the preparation
of its financial statements. 

The Issuer is considered to be an investment company for financial
reporting purposes and has applied the guidance in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies. There has been no change to
the Issuer s status as an investment company during the year ended February 28, 2023. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Investment Manager to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported and disclosed at the date of the financial statements, including the fair
value of investments, and the amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates
and such differences could be material. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The Issuer defines cash and cash equivalents as highly-liquid financial
instruments with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalents may include investments in money market mutual
funds, which are carried at fair value. At February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, cash and cash equivalents amounted to 23.8 million
and 6.2 million, respectively, and are swept on an overnight basis into a U.S. Bank money market deposit account held at the Trustee. 

Valuation
of Investments 

The
Issuer accounts for its investments at fair value in accordance with the FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC
820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a fair value hierarchy based on
the quality of inputs used to measure fair value and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. ASC 820 requires the
Issuer to assume that its investments are to be sold at the statement of assets and liabilities date in the principal market to independent
market participants, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical market. Market
participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable, and
willing and able to transact. 

Investments
for which market quotations are readily available are fair valued at such market quotations obtained from independent third-party pricing
services and market makers subject to any decision by the Investment Manager to approve a fair value determination to reflect significant
events affecting the value of these investments. The Investment Manager values investments for which market quotations are not readily
available at fair value. Determinations of fair value may involve significant judgments and estimates. The types of factors that may
be considered in determining the fair value of investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s
ability to make payments, market yield trend analysis, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly
traded companies, discounted cash flow and other relevant factors. 

Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private investments
and private companies, are inherently uncertain, they may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates. The determination
of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these investments existed. Our net
asset value could be materially affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher or lower
than the values that are ultimately realized upon the disposal of such investments. 

S- 56 

Investment
Transactions and Income Recognition 

Purchases
and sales of investments and the related realized gains or losses are recorded on a trade-date basis. Interest income, adjusted for amortization
of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The
Issuer stops accruing interest on its investments when it is determined that interest is no longer collectible. Discounts and premiums
on investments purchased are accreted/amortized over the life of the respective investment using the effective yield method. The amortized
cost of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion of discounts and amortizations of premium on investments. 

Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable
doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest is generally reserved when a loan is placed on non-accrual status.
Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as a reduction in principal depending upon the Investment Manager s
judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid and,
in management s judgment, are likely to remain current, although we may make exceptions to this general rule if the loan has sufficient
collateral value and is in the process of collection. At February 28, 2023 our investments in three portfolio companies were on non-accrual
status with a fair value of approximately 2.4 million, or 0.4 of the fair value of our portfolio. We have established a reserve of
 0.2 million against interest receivable related to these portfolio companies. 

Payment-in-Kind
Interest 

The Issuer holds debt investments in its portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind PIK interest provision. The PIK interest, which represents contractually deferred interest added to the investment balance
that is generally due at maturity, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected.
We stop accruing PIK interest if we do not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal and interest when due. For the years ended
February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021 we recorded 0.2 million, 0.6 million and 0.3 in PIK interest. 

Deferred
Debt Financing Costs, net 

The
Issuer presents deferred debt financing costs on the balance sheet as a contra-liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount
of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. 

As of February 29, 2020, included in deferred debt financing costs
of 2.3 million, are structuring fees of the investment bank, rating agency and legal fees, and other various closing costs associated
with the issuance of the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes on December 14, 2018. Such costs have been capitalized and amortized using an effective
yield method, as appropriate, over the life of the related notes.

New debt financing costs of 2.3 million were incurred with the issuance
of the 2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes on February 26, 2021. These costs consist of structuring fees of the investment bank, rating agency
and legal fees, and other various closing costs. Of that amount, 1.8 million has been capitalized and amortized using an effective yield
method, as appropriate, over the life of the related notes. 

Unamortized deferred debt financing costs of 1.6 million incurred
in connection with the issuance of the 2013- 1 Reset CLO Notes were expensed when the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes were extinguished on February
26, 2021 and included in Realized loss on extinguishment of debt. 

S- 57 

Management
Fees 

The Issuer is externally managed by the Investment Manager pursuant
to the Investment Management Agreement. As compensation for the performance of its obligations under the Investment Management Agreement,
the Investment Manager is entitled to receive from the Issuer a base management fee (the Base Management Fee ), a subordinated
management fee (the Subordinated Management Fee and an incentive management fee (the Incentive Management Fee ).
The Base Management Fee is payable in arrears quarterly (subject to availability of funds and to the satisfaction of payment obligations
on the debt obligations of the Issuer (the Priority of Payments )) and prior to the second refinancing and the issuance of
the 2013-1 Amended CLO Notes, was payable in an amount equal to 0.25 per annum of the fee basis amount at the beginning of the Collection
Period. The Subordinated Management Fee is payable in arrears quarterly (subject to availability of funds and to the Priority of Payments)
and prior to the second refinancing and the issuance of the 2013-1 Amended CLO Notes, was payable in an amount equal to 0.25 per annum
of the fee basis amount at the beginning of the Collection Period. Subsequent to the second refinancing and the issuance of the 2013-1
Amended CLO Notes, the Base Management Fee was changed to be payable in an amount equal to 0.10 per annum of the fee basis amount at
the beginning of the Collection Period, and the Subordinated Management Fees was changed to be payable in an amount equal to 0.40 per
annum of the fee basis amount at the beginning of the Collection Period. This remained unchanged during the third refinancing and the
issuance of the 2013-1 Reset CLO Notes, as well as the fourth refinancing and issuance of the 2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes.

Prior to the third refinancing of the CLO, the
Incentive Management Fee equaled 20.0 of the remaining interest proceeds and principal proceeds, if any, after the Subordinated Notes
have realized the Incentive Management Fee target return of 12.0 , in accordance with the Priority of Payments after making the prior
distributions on the relevant payment date. The Investment Manager is no longer eligible to receive the Incentive Management Fee following
the third refinancing of the CLO on December 14, 2018. 

Expenses 

The
Issuer bears its own organizational and offering expenses, all expenses related to its investment program and expenses incurred in connection
with its operations including, but not limited to, external legal, administrative, trustee, accounting, tax and audit expenses, costs
related to trading, acquiring, monitoring or disposing of investments of the Issuer, and interest and other borrowing expenses, expenses
of preparing and distributing reports, financial statements, and litigation or other extraordinary expenses. The Issuer has retained
the Trustee to provide trustee services. Additionally, the Trustee performs loan administration, debt covenant compliance calculations,
and monitoring and reporting services. For the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, the Issuer paid
 0.3 million, 0.3 million and 0.2 million, respectively, for trustee services provided and is included on the statements of operations. 

Interest
Expense 

The Issuer has issued rated and unrated notes to finance its operations.
Interest on debt is calculated by the Trustee for the Issuer. Interest is accrued and generally paid quarterly. For the years ended February
28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, 4.9 million, 5.2 million and 7.9 million of payments to the Subordinated Notes were
included in interest and debt financing expenses on the statements of operations, respectively. For the years ended February 28, 2023
and February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, 4.4 million, 4.4 million and 3.2 million, respectively, in discount amortization related
to the Subordinated Notes is also included in interest and debt financing expenses on the Issuer s statements of operations. 

S- 58 

Risk
Management 

In
the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer manages a variety of risks, including market risk and credit risk. Market risk is the
risk of potential adverse changes to the value of investments because of changes in market conditions such as interest rate movements
and volatility in investment prices. 

Credit
risk is the risk of default or non-performance by portfolio companies, equivalent to the investment s carrying amount. 

The
Issuer is also exposed to credit risk related to maintaining all of its cash and cash equivalents, including those in reserve accounts,
at a major financial institution. 

The
Issuer has investments in lower rated and comparable quality unrated high yield bonds and bank loans. Investments in high yield investments
are accompanied by a greater degree of credit risk. The risk of loss due to default by the issuer is significantly greater for holders
of high yield securities, because such investments are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (Topic 820) , which clarifies
that a contractual sale restriction prohibiting the sale of an equity security is a characteristic of the reporting entity holding the
equity security and is not included in the equity security s unit of account. Accordingly, an entity should not consider the contractual
sale restriction when measuring the equity security s fair value. In addition, ASU No. 2022-03 prohibits an entity from recognizing
a contractual sale restriction as a separate unit of account. ASU No. 2022-03 s amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2022-03
on its financial statements.

In March 2020, the FASB issued Reference
Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 to provide optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial
reporting. ASU 2020-04 established Topic 848 to provide relief during the temporary transition period and includes a sunset provision
based on expectations of when the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR would cease being published. In December 2022,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 , which deferred the
sunset day of this guidance to December 31, 2024. With the adoption of ASU 2022-06, there was no significant impact to the Company s
financial position. 

3.
Fair Value Measurements 

As
noted above, the Issuer values all investments in accordance with ASC 820. ASC 820 requires enhanced disclosures about assets and liabilities
that are measured and reported at fair value. As defined in ASC 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

ASC
820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability of inputs used
in measuring investments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of investment
and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can
be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment
used in measuring fair value. 

Based
on the observability of the inputs used in the valuation techniques, the Issuer is required to provide disclosures on fair value measurements
according to the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the observability of the inputs used to determine fair values.
Investments carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level
 1 Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Issuer has the ability
 to access. 

S- 59 

Level
 2 Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of
 the reporting date. Such inputs may be quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted markets that are not active, or other
 inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full character of the financial
 instrument, or inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market information. Investments which are
 generally included in this category include illiquid debt securities and less liquid, privately held or restricted equity securities,
 for which some level of recent trading activity has been observed. 

Level 3 Pricing inputs are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs may be based on the Company s own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability or may use Level 2 inputs, as adjusted, to reflect specific investment attributes relative to a broader market assumption. These inputs into the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data for comparable performance or valuation measures (earnings multiples, discount rates, other financial/valuation ratios, etc.) are available, such investments are grouped as Level 3 if any significant data point that is not also market observable (private company earnings, cash flows, etc.) is used in the valuation methodology. 

In
addition to using the above inputs in investment valuations, the Issuer continues to employ the valuation policy that is consistent with
ASC 820 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 1940 Act ). 

The
following table presents fair value measurements of investments, by major class, as of February 28, 2023, according to the fair value
hierarchy: 

Fair Value Measurements 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Term loans 
 - 
 541,492,510 
 64,461,958 
 605,954,468 
 
 Equity interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 541,492,510 
 64,461,958 
 605,954,468 

The following table presents fair value measurements of investments, by major class, as of February 28, 2022, according to the fair value hierarchy: 

Fair Value Measurements 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Term loans 
 - 
 569,454,996 
 69,474,664 
 638,929,660 
 
 Equity interests 
 - 
 33,690 
 - 
 33,690 
 
 Total 
 - 
 569,488,686 
 69,474,664 
 638,963,350 

Transfers into or out of Level 1, 2 or 3 are recognized at the reporting date. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the year ended February 28, 2023: 

First Lien Term Loan 
 Equity Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of February 28, 2022 
 69,474,664 
 - 
 69,474,664 
 
 Payment-in-kind and other adjustments to cost 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net accretion of discount on investments 
 97,816 
 - 
 97,816 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 
 (633,895 
 - 
 (633,895 
 
 Purchases 
 15,870,770 
 - 
 15,870,770 
 
 Sales and repayments 
 (9,192,436 
 - 
 (9,192,436 
 
 Net realized loss from investments 
 (38,093 
 - 
 (38,093 
 
 Transfers in (1) 
 19,263,898 
 - 
 19,263,898 
 
 Transfers out (2) 
 (30,380,766 
 - 
 (30,380,766 
 
 Balance as of February 28, 2023 
 64,461,958 
 - 
 64,461,958 
 
 Net change in unrealized
 depreciation for the year relating to those Level 3 assets that were still held by the Issuer at the end of the year 
 (975,369 
 - 
 (975,369 

(1) 
 The Issuer s investment in Level 3 investments were classified as such during the year ended February 28, 2023, as market quotes for these investments are only provided by one trading desk. 

(2) 
 The Issuer s investment in Level 2 investments were classified as such during the year ended February 28, 2023, as the number of observable market quotes for these investments increased. 

S- 60 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the year ended February 28, 2022: 

Term Loans 
 Equity Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of February 28, 2021 
 72,143,745 
 - 
 72,143,745 
 
 Payment-in-kind and other adjustments to cost 
 588 
 - 
 588 
 
 Net accretion of discount on investments 
 89,461 
 - 
 89,461 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 
 (439,530 
 - 
 (439,530 
 
 Purchases 
 36,918,645 
 - 
 36,918,645 
 
 Sales and repayments 
 (25,101,621 
 - 
 (25,101,621 
 
 Net realized gain from investments 
 55,350 
 - 
 55,350 
 
 Transfers in (1) 
 13,167,311 
 - 
 13,167,311 
 
 Transfers out (2) 
 (27,359,285 
 - 
 (27,359,285 
 
 Balance as of February 28, 2022 
 69,474,664 
 - 
 69,474,664 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation for the year relating to those Level 3 assets that were still held by the Issuer at the end of the year 
 (283,685 
 - 
 (283,685 

(1) The
Issuer s investment in Level 3 investments were classified as such during the year ended February 28, 2022, as market quotes for these
investments are only provided by one trading desk. 

(2) The
Issuer s investment in Level 2 investments were classified as such during the year ended February 28, 2022, as the number of observable
market quotes for these investments increased. 

Purchases
and other adjustments to cost include purchases of new investments at cost, effects of refinancing/restructuring, accretion/amortization
of income from discount/premium on debt securities, and PIK. 

Sales
and repayments represent net proceeds received from investments sold and principal paydowns received, during the period. 

Significant
unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Level 3 term loans and equity include market quotations available from
multiple dealers. A significant increase (decrease) in the market quote, in isolation, would result in a significantly lower (higher)
fair value measurement. 

The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets as of February 28, 2023 were as follows: 

Fair Value 
 Valuation Technique 
 Unobservable Inputs 
 Ranage 
 (Weighted Average) 
 
 Term loans 
 64,461,958 
 Market Comparables 
 Third-Party Bid 
 82.00 - 100.00 (96.68 
 
 Total 
 64,461,958 

The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets as of February 28, 2022 were as follows: 

Fair Value 
 Valuation Technique 
 Unobservable Inputs 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Term loans 
 69,474,664 
 Market Comparables 
 Third-Party Bid 
 95.00 - 99.75 (97.37 
 
 Total 
 69,474,664 

Weighted
average represents the arithmetic average of the inputs and is not weighted by the relative fair value or notional amount. 

S- 61 

4.
Financing 

On
January 22, 2008, the Issuer issued 400.0 million of notes, consisting of Class A Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class B
Floating Rate Senior Notes, Class C Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, Class D Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, Class E Deferrable
Floating Rate Notes (collectively the Secured Notes ), and Subordinated Notes. The notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture. 

The
Secured Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes are unsecured, limited recourse debt obligations
of the Issuer. 

On February 26, 2021, in a refinancing transaction,
the Issuer issued 722.0 million of notes consisting of Class A-1-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, Class A-2-R-3 Senior Secured
Floating Rate Notes, Class B-FL-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, Class B-FXD-R-3 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes, Class C-FL-R-3
Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes, Class C-FXD-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Fixed Rate Notes, Class D-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating
Rate Notes, Class E-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes, Class F-R-3 Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes, and Subordinated
Notes. Proceeds net of issue discounts were used along with existing trust assets to redeem all of the rated note classes of the 2013-1
Reset CLO Notes. 69.5 million of Subordinated Notes issued in connection with the 2008 CLO Notes, 2013-1 CLO Notes, 2013-1 Amended CLO
Notes and 2013-1 CLO Reset Notes were not redeemed and remained outstanding. On August 9, 2021, the Company exchanged its existing 17.9
million Class F-R-3 Notes for 8.5 million Class F-1-R-3 Notes and 9.4 million Class F-2-R-3 Notes at par. 

The
2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes are unsecured, limited recourse debt
obligations of the Issuer. 

The relative order of seniority of payment of
each class of securities is as follows: first, Class A-1-R- 3 Notes, second, Class A-2-R-3 Notes, third Class B-FL-R-3 Notes, fourth,
Class B-FXD-R-3 Notes, fifth, Class C-FL-R-3 Notes, sixth, Class C-FXD-R-3 Notes, seventh, Class D-R-3 Notes, eighth, Class E-R-3 Notes,
ninth, Class F-1-R-3 Notes, Class F-2-R-3 Notes, and tenth the Subordinated Notes, with (a) each class of securities (other than the Subordinated
Notes) in such list being senior to each other class of securities that follows such class of securities in such list and (b) each class
of securities in such list being subordinate to each other class of securities that precedes such class of securities in such list. The
Subordinated Notes are subordinated to the 2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes and are entitled to periodic payments from interest proceeds available
in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

The table below sets forth certain information for each outstanding class of notes issued, pursuant to the loan agreements and Indenture at February 28, 2023. 

Description 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity 
 Principal Amount 
 Amount Outstanding 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Notes: 

Class A-1-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 1.32 
 April 20, 2033 
 357,500,000 
 357,500,000 
 1.61 
 
 Class A-2-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 1.65 
 April 20, 2033 
 65,000,000 
 65,000,000 
 1.95 
 
 Class B-FL-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 1.80 
 April 20, 2033 
 60,500,000 
 60,500,000 
 2.11 
 
 Class B-FXD-R-3 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes 
 2.54 
 April 20, 2033 
 11,000,000 
 11,000,000 
 2.67 
 
 Class C-FL-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 2.40 
 April 20, 2033 
 26,000,000 
 26,000,000 
 2.72 
 
 Class C-FXD-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Fixed Rate Notes 
 3.31 
 April 20, 2033 
 6,500,000 
 6,500,000 
 3.48 
 
 Class D-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 4.00 
 April 20, 2033 
 39,000,000 
 39,000,000 
 4.36 
 
 Class E-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 7.50 
 April 20, 2033 
 27,625,000 
 27,625,000 
 7.95 
 
 Class F-1-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 10.00 
 April 20, 2033 
 8,500,000 
 8,500,000 
 10.52 
 
 Class F-2-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 10.00 
 April 20, 2033 
 9,375,000 
 9,375,000 
 10.52 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 N/A 
 April 20, 2033 
 111,000,000 
 111,000,000 
 N/A 

722,000,000 
 722,000,000 

S- 62 

The table below sets forth certain information for each outstanding class of notes issued, pursuant to the loan agreements and Indenture at February 28, 2022. 

Description 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity 
 Principal Amount 
 Amount Outstanding 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Notes: 

Class A-1-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 1.32 
 April 20, 2033 
 357,500,000 
 357,500,000 
 1.61 
 
 Class A-2-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 1.65 
 April 20, 2033 
 65,000,000 
 65,000,000 
 1.95 
 
 Class B-FL-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 1.80 
 April 20, 2033 
 60,500,000 
 60,500,000 
 2.11 
 
 Class B-FXD-R-3 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes 
 2.54 
 April 20, 2033 
 11,000,000 
 11,000,000 
 2.67 
 
 Class C-FL-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 2.40 
 April 20, 2033 
 26,000,000 
 26,000,000 
 2.72 
 
 Class C-FXD-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Fixed Rate Notes 
 3.31 
 April 20, 2033 
 6,500,000 
 6,500,000 
 3.48 
 
 Class D-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 4.00 
 April 20, 2033 
 39,000,000 
 39,000,000 
 4.36 
 
 Class E-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 7.50 
 April 20, 2033 
 27,625,000 
 27,625,000 
 7.95 
 
 Class F-1-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 10.00 
 April 20, 2033 
 8,500,000 
 8,500,000 
 10.52 
 
 Class F-2-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 LIBOR + 10.00 
 April 20, 2033 
 9,375,000 
 9,375,000 
 10.52 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 N/A 
 April 20, 2033 
 111,000,000 
 111,000,000 
 N/A 

722,000,000 
 722,000,000 

The
following table shows the fair value of the Issuer s debt outstanding as of February 28, 2023: (a) 

Debt Security 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Notes: 

Class A-1-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 359,565,649 
 
 Class A-2-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 65,537,373 
 
 Class B-FL-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 61,017,654 
 
 Class B-FXD-R-3 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes 
 11,009,371 
 
 Class C-FL-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 26,253,490 
 
 Class C-FXD-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Fixed Rate Notes 
 6,508,929 
 
 Class D-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 39,515,127 
 
 Class E-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 28,232,871 
 
 Class F-1-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 8,749,793 
 
 Class F-2-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 8,831,406 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 21,176,578 

636,398,241 

The
following table shows each outstanding class of notes issued, pursuant to the Indenture, at fair value at February 28, 2022: (a) 

Debt Security 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Notes: 

Class A-1-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 358,553,279 
 
 Class A-2-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 65,271,765 
 
 Class B-FL-R-3 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes 
 60,768,540 
 
 Class B-FXD-R-3 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes 
 11,011,752 
 
 Class C-FL-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 26,143,672 
 
 Class C-FXD-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Fixed Rate Notes 
 6,511,247 
 
 Class D-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 39,344,655 
 
 Class E-R-3 Deferrable Mezzanine Floating Rate Notes 
 28,118,353 
 
 Class F-1-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 8,711,167 
 
 Class F-2-R-3 Notes Deferrable Junior Floating Rate Notes 
 9,375,000 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 28,654,905 

642,464,335 

(a) These notes are fair valued based on a discounted cash flow
model, specifically using Intex cash flow models, to form the basis for the valuation and would be classified as Level 3 liabilities
within the fair value hierarchy. 

S- 63 

The
Indenture provides that payments on the Subordinated Notes shall rank subordinate in priority of payment to payments due on all classes
of 2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes and subordinate in priority of payment to the payment of fees and expenses. Distributions on the Subordinated
Notes are limited to the assets of the Issuer remaining after payment of all of the liabilities of the Issuer that rank senior in priority
of payment to the Subordinated Notes. To the extent that the proceeds from the collateral are not sufficient to make distributions on
the Subordinated Notes the Issuer will have no further obligation in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 

Interest proceeds and, after the 2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes
have been paid in full, principal proceeds in each case will be distributed to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with
the Indenture. 

Distributions,
if any, on the Subordinated Notes will be payable quarterly on the 20th day of each January, April, July and October of each calendar
year or, if any such day is not a business day, on the next succeeding business day (each, a Payment Date ), commencing
on the first Payment Date, and on April 20, 2033 (or if any such day is not a business day, the next succeeding business day) (the Stated
Redemption Date (if not redeemed prior to such date) sequentially in order of seniority. At the Stated Redemption Date, the Subordinated
Notes will be redeemed after payment in full of all of the 2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes and the payment of all administrative and other
fees and expenses. The failure to pay interest proceeds or principal proceeds to the holders of the Subordinated Notes will not be an
event of default under the Indenture. 

As
of February 28, 2023, the remaining unamortized discount on Class A-1-R-3 Notes, Class A-2-R- 3 Notes, Class B-FL-R-3 Notes, Class B-FXD-R-3
Notes, Class C-FL-R-3 Notes, Class C-FXD-R-3 Notes, Class D-R-3 Notes, Class E-R-3 Notes, Class F-1-R-3 Notes and F-2-R-3 were 0.0 million,
 0.0 million, 0.0 million, 0.0 million, 0.0 million, 0.0 million, 0.2 million, 2.5 million, 0.0 million and 0.0 million, respectively. 

As
of February 28, 2022, the remaining unamortized discount on Class A-1-R-3 Notes, Class A-2-R- 3 Notes, Class B-FL-R-3 Notes, Class B-FXD-R-3
Notes, Class C-FL-R-3 Notes, Class C-FXD-R-3 Notes, Class D-R-3 Notes, Class E-R-3 Notes, Class F-1-R-3 Notes and F-2-R-3 were 0.0 million,
 0.0 million, 0.0 million, 0.0 million, 0.0 million, 0.0 million, 0.3 million, 2.1 million, 0.0 million and 0.0 million, respectively. 

For the year ended February 28, 2021, costs associated
with the 2013-1 CLO Notes of 1.8 million in remaining unamortized deferred debt financing costs and 1.3 million in unamortized discount
were recognized as additional amortization expense when the related notes were extinguished and recorded within realized loss on extinguishment
of debt in the statement of operations. 

As
of February 28, 2023, remaining capitalized financing costs of 1.9 million related to the 2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes are being amortized
over the term of the 2013-1 2021 Reset CLO Notes. 

On February 11, 2020, CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Saratoga CLO, entered into a loan payable with a third party, pursuant to which CLO 2013-1 Warehouse 2 may
borrow from time to time up to 80 million in order to provide capital necessary to support warehouse activities. The loan payable, which
expires on August 11, 2021, bears interest at an annual rate of 3M USD LIBOR + 1.25 through November 11, 2020 and 3M USD LIBOR + 1.75 
thereafter. For the year ended February 28, 2021, the Saratoga CLO recognized interest expense of 0.2 million related to the loan payable,
with a loan payable balance of 0.0 million as February 28, 2021. 

5.
Income Tax 

Under
the current laws, the Issuer is not subject to net income taxation in the United States or the Cayman Islands. Accordingly, no provision
for income taxes has been made in the accompanying financial statements. 

Pursuant to ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Uncertainty
in Income Taxes , the Issuer adopted the provisions of the FASB relating to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes which clarifies
the accounting for income taxes by prescribing the minimum recognition threshold a tax position must meet before being recognized in the
financial statements and applies to all open tax years as of the effective date. The Investment Manager has analyzed such tax positions
for uncertain tax positions for tax years that may be open (2019 2022). The Issuer identifies its major tax jurisdictions as U.S.
Federal, state and foreign jurisdictions where the Issuer makes investments. As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, there was
no impact to the financial statements as a result of the Issuer s accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Issuer does not
have any unrecognized tax benefits or liabilities for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021. Also,
the Issuer recognizes interest and, if applicable, penalties for any uncertain tax positions, as a component of income tax expense. No
interest or penalty expense was recorded by the Issuer for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021. 

6.
Commitments and Contingencies 

In
the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer may enter into contracts or agreements that contain indemnifications or warranties. Future
events could occur that lead to the execution of these provisions against the Issuer. Based on its history and experience, the Investment
Manager feels that the likelihood of such an event is remote. Therefore, the Issuer has not accrued any liabilities in connection with
such indemnifications. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Issuer may directly or indirectly
be a defendant or plaintiff in legal actions with respect to bankruptcy, insolvency or other types of proceedings. Such lawsuits may involve
claims that could adversely affect the value of certain financial instruments owned by the Issuer. As of February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the Issuer is not subject to any material legal proceedings. Therefore, the Issuer has not accrued any liabilities in connection
with such indemnifications. 

S- 64 

The
terms of Collateralized Debt Investments may require the Issuer to provide funding for any unfunded portion of a Collateralized Debt
Investment at the request of the borrower. At February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the Issuer had 1.9 million and 2.1 million of
unfunded commitments outstanding, respectively. 

7. Related Party Transactions 

In
the ordinary course of business and as permitted per the terms of the Indenture, the Issuer may acquire or sell investments to or from
related parties at the fair value at such time. For the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, the Issuer
neither bought nor sold investments from related parties. 

The Subordinated Notes are wholly owned by the
Investment Manager. The Subordinated Notes do not have a stated coupon rate but are entitled to residual cash flows from the CLO s
investments after all of the other tranches of debt and certain other fees and expenses are paid. For the years ended February 28, 2023,
February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, 4.9 million, 5.2 million and 7.9 million of payments to the Subordinated Notes were included
in interest and debt financing expenses in the statements of operations, respectively. For the years ended February 28, 2023, February
28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, 4.4 million, 4.4 million and 3.2 million, respectively, in discount amortization related to the Subordinated
Notes is also included in interest and debt financing expenses on the Issuer s statements of operations. 

The Investment Manager holds aggregate principal
amounts of 8.5 million in Class F-1-R-3 Notes and 9.4 million in Class F-2-R-3 Notes of the CLO tranches with a coupon of LIBOR plus
10.00 at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. For the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, payments
for the Class F-1-R-3, Class F-2-R-3, Class F-R-3, Class F-R-2 Notes and Class G-R-2 Notes totaling 2.2 million, 0.8 million and 0.9
million, respectively, are included in interest and debt financing expenses in the Issuer s statements of operations. Expenses relating
to the refinancing were paid for by the Company on behalf of Saratoga CLO and are included in due to affiliate on the statements of assets
and liabilities at February 28, 2021 and were subsequently repaid during fiscal year 2022. 

In addition, as of February 28, 2023, included
in due from affiliate are amounts reimbursable to Saratoga CLO for shared operating expenses with a related party. As of February 28,
2022, no such reimbursable amounts were due to Saratoga CLO. 

S- 65 

8.
Shareholders Capital 

Capital
contributions and distributions shall be made at such time and in such amounts as determined by the Investment Manager and the Indenture. 

The
majority holder of the Subordinated Notes has various control rights over the CLO, including the ability to call the CLO prior to its
legal maturity, replace the Investment Manager under certain circumstances, and refinance any of the outstanding debt tranches. The voting
structure of the Subordinated Notes may require either majority or unanimous approval depending upon the issue. 

The
authorized share capital of the Issuer consists of 50,000 ordinary shares, 250 of which are owned by Maples Finance Limited and are held
under the terms of a declaration of trust. 

As
of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, net assets (deficit) were (70.6) million and (37.2) million, respectively. These amounts
include accumulated losses of 70.6 million and 37.2 million, respectively, which include cumulative net investment income or loss,
cumulative amounts of gains and losses realized from investment transactions, net unrealized appreciation or depreciation of investments,
as well as the cumulative effect of accounting mismatches between investments accounted for at fair value and amortized cost or accrual-basis
assets and liabilities as discussed in Significant Accounting Policies, above. The Issuer s investments continue to generate sufficient
liquidity to satisfy its obligations on periodic payment dates as well as comply with all performance criteria as of the statements of
assets and liabilities date. 

The Issuer adopted Rule 3-04/Rule 8-03(a)(5)
under Regulation S-X. Pursuant to the regulation, the Issuer has presented a reconciliation of the changes in each significant
caption of stockholders equity for each of the three fiscal years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28,
2021, as shown in the tables below: 

For the Year Ended February 28, 2023 

Capital 
 Total 
Distributable 

Common Stock 
 in Excess 
 Earnings 
 Net Assets 

Shares 

Amount 
 of Par Value 
 (Loss) 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at February 28, 2022 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (37,197,733 
 (37,197,483 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (286,724 
 (286,724 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 77,656 
 77,656 
 
 Net change in unrealized
 depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (24,681,988 
 (24,681,988 
 
 Balance at May 31, 2022 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (62,088,789 
 (62,088,539 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net investment loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (507,279 
 (507,279 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,144,858 
 (1,144,858 
 
 Net change in unrealized
 depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,544,463 
 (1,544,463 
 
 Balance at August 31, 2022 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (65,285,389 
 (65,285,139 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 586,193 
 586,193 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (532,640 
 (532,640 
 
 Net change in unrealized
 depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (10,640,311 
 (10,640,311 
 
 Balance at November 30, 2022 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (75,872,147 
 (75,871,897 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 776,828 
 776,828 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (6,812,995 
 (6,812,995 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation on
 investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,281,144 
 11,281,144 
 
 Balance at February 28, 2023 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (70,627,170 
 (70,626,920 

S- 66 

For the Year Ended February 28, 2022 

Capital 
 Total Distributable 

Common Stock 
 in Excess 
 Earnings 
 Net Assets 

Shares 
 Amount 
 of Par Value 
 (Loss) 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at February 28, 2021 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (28,538,114 
 (28,537,864 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,315,511 
 2,315,511 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (565,094 
 (565,094 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (481,097 
 (481,097 
 
 Balance at May 31, 2021 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (27,268,794 
 (27,268,544 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,397,282 
 1,397,282 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 175,669 
 175,669 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (662,095 
 (662,095 
 
 Balance at August 31, 2021 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (26,357,938 
 (26,357,688 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (647,430 
 (647,430 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (662,289 
 (662,289 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (4,277,923 
 (4,277,923 
 
 Balance at November 30, 2021 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (31,945,580 
 (31,945,330 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 168,313 
 168,313 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (12,099 
 (12,099 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (5,408,367 
 (5,408,367 
 
 Balance at February 28, 2022 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (37,197,733 
 (37,197,483 

For the Year Ended February 28, 2021 

Capital 
 Total Distributable 

Common Stock 
 in Excess 
 Earnings 
 Net Assets 

Shares 
 Amount 
 of Par Value 
 (Loss) 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at February 29, 2020 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (35,102,419 
 (35,102,169 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (758,157 
 (758,157 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,803,884 
 (1,803,884 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (31,575,429 
 (31,575,429 
 
 Balance at May 31, 2020 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (69,239,889 
 (69,239,639 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,339 
 60,339 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (4,338,586 
 (4,338,586 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 26,457,779 
 26,457,779 
 
 Balance at August 31, 2020 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (47,060,357 
 (47,060,107 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 221,123 
 221,123 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (3,089,206 
 (3,089,206 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,923,956 
 14,923,956 
 
 Balance at November 30, 2020 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (35,004,484 
 (35,004,234 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from Operations: 

Net investment loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (823,187 
 (823,187 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,690,951 
 (1,690,951 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,969,271 
 11,969,271 
 
 Realized losses on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (2,988,763 
 (2,988,763 
 
 Balance at February 28, 2021 
 250 
 250 
 - 
 (28,538,114 
 (28,537,864 

S- 67 

9.
Financial Highlights 

The following is a schedule of financial highlights for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022, February 28, 2021, February 29, 2020 and February 28, 2019: 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 February 28, 2021 
 February 29, 2020 
 February 28, 2019 
 
 Average Subordinated Notes capital balance (1) 
 6,490,703 
 34,488,787 
 7,593,452 
 20,177,254 
 18,900,592 
 
 Ratio and supplemental data: 

Total return (2) 
 (94.53 
 (9.75 
 150.86 
 (46.85 
 (22.41 
 
 Net investment income (loss) (3) 
 8.77 
 9.38 
 (17.12 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 
 Total expenses (3) 
 655.20 
 81.89 
 383.67 
 156.62 
 125.54 
 
 Base management fee (3) 
 10.08 
 1.89 
 6.60 
 2.48 
 1.82 
 
 Subordinated management fee (3) 
 40.30 
 7.57 
 26.42 
 9.93 
 7.29 

(1) 
 Subordinated Notes capital balance is calculated based on the sum of the Subordinated Notes outstanding amount and total net assets, net of ordinary equity. 

(2) 
 Total return is calculated based on a time-weighted rate of return methodology. Quarterly rates of return are compounded to derive the total return reflected above. Total return is calculated for the Subordinated Notes capital taken as a whole and assumes the purchase of the Subordinated Notes capital on the first day of the period and the sale of the last day of the period. 

(3) 
 Calculated based on the average Subordinated Notes capital balance. 

10.
Subsequent Events 

The Investment Manager has evaluated events or transactions that have
occurred since February 28, 2022 through May 2, 2023, the date the financial statements were available for issuance. The Investment Manager
has determined that there are no material events that would require the disclosure in the financial statements. 

S-68 

<EX-4.24>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-24_saratoga.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.24 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

As of the date of the filing
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 (the Annual Report ), Saratoga Investment Corp we, our, us, or the Company has five classes of securities registered under
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its common stock, par value 0.001
per share common stock ); (ii) its 6.00 notes due 2027 (the 6.00 2027 Notes ); (iii) its 8.00 notes due
2027 (the 8.00 2027 Notes ); (iv) its 8.125 notes due 2027 (the 8.125 2027 Notes); and (v) its 8.50 notes due
2028 (the 8.50 2028 Notes, and together with the 6.00 2027 Notes, the 8.00 2027 Notes, and the 8.125 2027 Notes, the
 Notes ). 

The following descriptions
of the Company s common stock and the Notes are as of the date of the filing of the Annual Report and based on, as applicable, the
relevant portions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), the Company s articles of amendment, as amended charter ), our third amended and restated bylaws bylaws ), a base indenture, dated as of May 10, 2013 (the
 Base Indenture ), by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest
to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee ), as supplemented by the Tenth Supplemental Indenture (the Tenth
Supplemental Indenture with respect to the 6.00 2027 Notes, Twelfth Supplemental Indenture (the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture )with
respect to the 8.00 2027 Notes, the Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture (the Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture with respect
to the 8.125 2027 Notes, and the Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture with respect to the 8.50 2028 Notes (the Fifteenth Supplemental
Indenture, and together with the Base Indenture, the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture and the Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture,
the Indenture ). As used herein, the term Indenture will refer to the Base Indenture and the respective supplemental
indenture governing the respective Note. This summary is a description of the material terms of, and is qualified in its entirety by,
the charter, the bylaws and the Indenture, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As a result, this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. We refer you to the MGCL, the charter, the
bylaws, and the respective Indenture for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 

A. Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 

The authorized stock of the
Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. Our common stock trades under the symbol SAR 
on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our common stock. No
shares of common stock have been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under MGCL, our stockholders generally are
not personally liable for our debts or obligations. 

Under our governing documents,
our board of directors is authorized to create new classes or series of shares of stock and to authorize the issuance of shares of stock
without obtaining stockholder approval. Our charter provides that the board of directors, without any action by our stockholders, may
amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of
any class or series that we have authority to issue. 

Each share of our common stock
has equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and voting and all of our outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our board
of directors and declared by us out of funds legally available therefor. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion
or redemption rights. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of common stock would be entitled to share
ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any
preferential rights of holders of shares of our preferred stock, if any are outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock entitles
its holder to cast one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election and removal of directors. 

Provisions of Our Governing Documents and the
Maryland General Corporation Law 

Our governing documents and
the MGCL contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquiror to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy
contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and
to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of
these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the
negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors is
divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms. Directors of each class are elected to serve for three-year
terms and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and each year one class of directors is elected by the stockholders. A
classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that
the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors will help to ensure the continuity and stability of our
management and policies. 

Number of Directors; Vacancies; Removal 

Our governing documents provide
that the number of directors will be set only by our board of directors in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority
of our entire board of directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, unless our bylaws are amended,
the number of directors may never be less than three nor more than eleven. Our charter provides that, except as may be provided by the
board of directors in setting the terms of any class or series of shares of stock, so long as we have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors, any and all vacancies on the board of directors may be filled only by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and
any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred
and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the 1940 Act ). If there are no directors then in office, vacancies may be filled by stockholders at a special meeting called
for such purpose. Our charter provides that a director may be removed only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes
entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 

Election of Directors 

Our charter and bylaws provide
that the affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of our stockholders duly called and at which a
quorum is present will be required to elect each director. Pursuant to our charter and bylaws, our board of directors may amend the bylaws
to alter the vote required to elect directors. 

Action by Stockholders 

All of our outstanding shares
of common stock will generally be able to vote on any matter that is a proper subject for action by the stockholders of a Maryland corporation,
including in respect of the election or removal of directors as well as other extraordinary matters. Under the MGCL, stockholder action
can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or by written or electronically-transmitted unanimous consent in lieu
of a meeting. These provisions, combined with the requirements of our governing documents regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested
special meeting of stockholder discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next
annual meeting. 

2 

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations
and Stockholder Proposals 

Our bylaws provide that, with
respect to an annual meeting of our stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors and the proposal of
business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of the
board of directors, (3) by any stockholder who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving notice by the stockholder and at
the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the
bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before
the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our
notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of the board of directors, (3) provided that the board of directors has determined that
directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving notice by the stockholder
and at the time of the special meeting and who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions
of our bylaws or (4) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting in circumstances in which a special meeting of stockholders
is called for the purpose of electing directors when no directors remain in office. 

The purpose of requiring stockholders
to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our board of directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the
qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable
by our board of directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide
a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our board of directors any power to
disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of
precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed
and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve
its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 

Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called by our board of directors and certain of our officers. Additionally, our bylaws provide that,
subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special
meeting of our stockholders will be called by our secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a
majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting, except that, if no directors remain in office, a special meeting of our
stockholders shall be called to elect directors by the secretary upon the written request of holders entitled to cast at least 10 of
the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 

Amendment of Governing Documents 

Under Maryland law, a Maryland
corporation generally cannot dissolve or amend its charter unless the corporation s board of directors declares the dissolution
or amendment to be advisable and the dissolution or amendment is approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at
least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. A Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these
matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter generally
provides for approval of amendments to our charter by the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be
cast on the matter. However, our charter also provides that certain charter amendments and proposals for our liquidation, dissolution
or conversion, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company require the approval of the stockholders
entitled to cast at least two-thirds percent of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter. If such amendment or proposal is approved
by at least two-thirds of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our board of directors), such amendment or proposal may
be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. The continuing directors are, as defined in
our charter, our current directors as well as those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the
directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of the continuing directors then on the board of directors. 

Our governing documents provide
that the board of directors has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. 

3 

Approval of Extraordinary Actions 

Under Maryland law, a Maryland
corporation generally cannot amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage
in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless the corporation s board of directors declares action or
transaction to be advisable and the action or transaction is approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least
two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. A Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters
by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

Except for a merger that would
result in our conversion to an open-end company, which requires the approval described above, our charter provides that we may merge,
sell all or substantially all of our assets, engage in a consolidation or share exchange or engage in similar transactions, if such transaction
is declared advisable by our board of directors and approved by a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

No Appraisal Rights 

Except with respect to appraisal
rights arising in connection with the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act discussed below, as permitted by the MGCL, our governing
documents provide that our stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of our board of directors
determines that such rights will apply with respect to all or any classes or series of stock, to one or more transactions occurring after
the date of such determination in connection with which holders of such shares would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. 

Control Share Acquisitions 

The Control Share Acquisition
Act provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights with respect
to the control shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.
Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote
on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or
in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy),
would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 

one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

The requisite stockholder
approval must be obtained each time an acquiror crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include
shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired
directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to
certain exceptions. 

A person who has made or proposes
to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to
be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is
subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting
is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholder meeting. 

If voting rights are not
approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the
corporation may repurchase for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been
approved. The right of the corporation to repurchase control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including, as provided
in our bylaws, compliance with the 1940 Act, which will prohibit any such repurchase other than in limited circumstances. Fair value
is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition
by the acquiror or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If voting
rights for control shares are approved at a stockholder meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled
to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights
may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 

4 

The Control Share Acquisition
Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction
or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 

Our bylaws contain a provision
exempting from the Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our common stock. Such provision could also
be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC staff previously
took the position that, if a business development company BDC failed to opt-out of the Control Share Acquisition
Act, its actions would be inconsistent with Section 18(i) of the 1940 Act. However, the SEC recently withdrew its previous position,
and stated that it would not recommend enforcement action against a closed-end fund, including a BDC, that opts in to being
subject to the Control Share Acquisition Act if the closed-end fund acts with reasonable care on a basis consistent with other
applicable duties and laws and the duty to the company and its shareholders generally. As such, we may amend our bylaws, but will do so
only if our board of directors determines that it would be in our best interests and if such amendment can be accomplished in compliance
with applicable laws, regulations and SEC guidance. 

Business Combinations 

Under Maryland law, business
combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited
for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations
include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification
of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 

any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting
power of the corporation s stock; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time
within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding
voting stock of the corporation. 

A person is not an interested
stockholder under this statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the stockholder otherwise would
have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject
to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 

After the five-year prohibition,
any business combination between the corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors
of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 

80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding
shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of
voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination
is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

These super-majority vote
requirements do not apply if the corporation s stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares
in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 

The statute permits various
exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested
stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has adopted a resolution exempting from the provisions of the Maryland
Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person. If our board of directors adopts resolutions causing
us to be subject to the provisions of the Business Combination Act, these provisions may discourage others from trying to acquire control
of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 

5 

Conflict with 1940 Act 

Our bylaws provide that, if
and to the extent that any provision of the MGCL, including the Control Share Acquisition Act or the Business Combination Act (if we amend
our bylaws to be subject to such Acts), or any provision of our charter or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable
provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

B. Debt Securities 

Unless otherwise specifically
stated, the summary below relates to each of the 6.00 2027 Notes, the 8.00 2027 Notes, the 8.125 2027 Notes and the 8.50 2028 Notes,
and therefore, references to the Notes below refer to each of the 6.00 2027 Notes, the 8.00 2027 Notes, the 8.125 2027
Notes and the 8.50 2028 Notes. 

The 6.00 2027 Notes 

On April 27, 2022, the Company
issued 87.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 84.8 million, based on a public offering
price of 100 of par, after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 2.7 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately
 0.1 million. On May 10, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional 10.0 million in aggregate
principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 9.7 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 0.3 million. Interest on the 6.00 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate
of 6.00 per year. The 6.00 2027 Notes mature on April 30, 2027 and commencing April 27, 2024, may be redeemed in whole or in part at
any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance
with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 3.5 million related to the 6.00 2027 Notes have been capitalized and
are being amortized over the term of the 6.00 2027 Notes. The 6.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAT 
with a par value of 25.00 per note. 

On August 15, 2022, the Company
issued an additional 8.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes (the Additional 6.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 7.8 million, based on the public offering price of 97.80 of the aggregate principal amount of the 6.00 2027 Notes.
The Additional 6.00 2027 Notes are treated as a single series with the existing 6.00 2027 Notes under the indenture and had the same
terms as the existing 6.00 2027 Notes. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance with
our investment objective and strategies. Additional offering costs incurred were approximately 0.03 million. Additional financing costs
of 0.03 million related to the 6.00 2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 6.00 2027 Notes. 

The 6.00 2027 Notes were
issued under the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the Tenth Supplemental Indenture. 

The 8.00 2027 Notes 

On October 27, 2022,
the Company issued 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 8.00 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 38.7 million, based on a public
offering price of 100 of par, after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.3 million. Offering costs incurred were approximately
 0.1 million. On November 10, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional 6.0 million in aggregate
principal amount of the 8.00 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 5.8 million after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately
 0.2 million. Interest on the 8.00 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, at a rate
of 8.00 per year. The 8.00 2027 Notes mature on October 31, 2027 and commencing October 27, 2024, may be redeemed in whole or in part
at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes in accordance
with our investment objective and strategies. Financing costs of 1.3 million related to the 8.00 2027 Notes have been capitalized and
are being amortized over the term of the 8.00 2027 Notes. The 8.00 2027 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAJ 
with a par value of 25.00 per note. 

The 8.00 2027 Notes were
issued under the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture. 

6 

The 8.125 2027 Notes 

On December 13, 2022,
the Company issued 52.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 8.125 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 50.9 million, based on a
public offering price of 100 of par, after deducting underwriting commissions of approximately 1.6 million. Offering costs incurred
were approximately 0.1 million. On December 21, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their option to purchase an additional 7.875
million in aggregate principal amount of the 8.125 2027 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 7.6 million after deducting underwriting
commissions of approximately 0.2 million. Interest on the 8.125 2027 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August
31 and November 30, at a rate of 8.125 per year. The 8.125 2027 Notes mature on December 31, 2027 and commencing December 13, 2024,
may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. The net proceeds from this offering were used to make
investments in middle-market companies (including investments made through our small business investment company subsidiaries) in accordance
with our investment objective and strategies and for general corporate purposes. Financing costs of 1.6 million related to the 8.125 
2027 Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the 8.125 2027 Notes. The 8.125 2027 Notes are listed on the
NYSE under the trading symbol SAY with a par value of 25.00 per note. 

The 8.125 2027 Notes
were issued under the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

The 8.50 2028 Notes 

On April 14, 2023, we issued
 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 8.50 2028 Notes for net proceeds of 48.2 million, based on a public offering price
of 100 of par, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 1.6 million and estimated offering expenses of
approximately 0.2 million. On April 26, 2023, the underwriters fully exercised their option to purchase an additional 7.5 million in
aggregate principal amount of the 8.50 2028 Notes. Net proceeds to the Company were 7.3 million after deducting underwriting commissions
of approximately 0.2 million. Interest on the 8.50 2028 Notes will be paid quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and
November 30, at a rate of 8.50 per year, beginning May 31, 2023. The 8.50 2028 Notes mature on April 15, 2028 and commencing April 14,
2025, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option. We intend to use the net proceeds of the offering
to repay a portion of outstanding indebtedness under the senior secured revolving credit facility with Encina Lender Finance, LLC (the
 Encina Credit Facility ), make investments in middle-market companies in accordance with our investment objective
and strategies (including investments made through Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC III LP) and for general corporate purposes. The 8.50 
2028 Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol SAZ with a par value of 25.00 per share. 

The 8.50 2028 Notes were
issued under the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

General 

For purposes of this description,
any reference to the payment of principal of, or premium or interest, if any, on the Notes will include additional amounts if required
by the terms of such Notes. 

As required by federal law
for all bonds and notes of companies that are publicly offered, the debt securities are governed by a document called an indenture. 
An indenture is a contract between us and the financial institution acting as trustee on your behalf, and is subject to and governed by
the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The trustee has two main roles. First, the trustee can enforce your rights against us if
we default. There are some limitations on the extent to which the trustee acts on your behalf, described in the second paragraph under
 Events of Default Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs. Second, the trustee performs certain administrative duties
for us with respect to our debt securities. 

7 

The Indenture provides that
any debt securities may be issued under the Indenture in one or more series. The Indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities
that may be issued thereunder from time to time. Debt securities issued under the Indenture, when a single trustee is acting for all debt
securities issued under the Indenture, are called the indenture securities. The Indenture also provides that there may be
more than one trustee thereunder, each with respect to one or more different series of indenture securities. See Resignation of
Trustee below. At a time when two or more trustees are acting under the Indenture, each with respect to only certain series, the
term indenture securities means the one or more series of debt securities with respect to which each respective trustee
is acting. In the event that there is more than one trustee under the Indenture, the powers and trust obligations of each trustee will
extend only to the one or more series of indenture securities for which it is trustee. If two or more trustees are acting under the Indenture,
then the indenture securities for which each trustee is acting would be treated as if issued under separate indentures. 

The Indenture does not contain
any provisions that give you protection in the event we issue a large amount of debt or we are acquired by another entity. 

We have the ability to issue
indenture securities with terms different from those of indenture securities previously issued and, without the consent of the holders
thereof, to reopen a previous issue of a series of indenture securities and issue additional indenture securities of that series unless
the reopening was restricted when that series was created. 

Optional Redemption 

The Notes may be redeemed
in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on the applicable redemption date (as set forth above) upon not less
than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price of 100 
of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable thereon for
the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 

You may be prevented from
exchanging or transferring the Notes when they are subject to redemption. In case any Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the redemption
notice will provide that, upon surrender of such Note, you will receive, without a charge, a new Note or Notes of authorized denominations
representing the principal amount of your remaining unredeemed Notes. Any exercise of our option to redeem the Notes will be done in compliance
with the Indenture, the terms of the Encina Credit Facility, and the 1940 Act, to the extent applicable. 

If we redeem only some of
the Notes, the Trustee or, with respect to global securities, DTC will determine the method for selection of the particular Notes to be
redeemed, in accordance with the Indenture and the 1940 Act, to the extent applicable, and in accordance with the rules of any national
securities exchange or quotation system on which the Notes are listed. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after
the date of redemption, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for redemption. 

Ranking of Notes 

The Notes will be our direct
unsecured obligations and will rank: 

pari passu with, which means equal to, all outstanding
and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness; 

senior to any of our future indebtedness that expressly provides
it is subordinated to the Notes; 

effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future
secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security), to the extent of the
value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and 

structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness
and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries and financing vehicles since the Notes are obligations exclusively of
Saratoga Investment Corp. and not of any of our subsidiaries. Structural subordination means that creditors of a parent entity are subordinate
to creditors of a subsidiary entity with respect to the subsidiary s assets. 

8 

Denominations 

The Notes were issued in denominations
of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof. 

Sinking Fund 

The Notes will not be subject
to any sinking fund (i.e., no amounts will be set aside by us to ensure repayment of the Notes at maturity). As a result, our ability
to repay the Notes at maturity will depend on our financial condition on the date that we are required to repay the Notes. 

Book-Entry Holders 

The Notes were issued as registered
securities in book-entry form only. We will issue registered debt securities in book-entry form only, unless we specify otherwise in the
applicable prospectus supplement. This means debt securities will be represented by one or more global securities registered in the name
of a depositary that will hold them on behalf of financial institutions that participate in the depositary s book-entry system.
These participating institutions, in turn, hold beneficial interests in the debt securities held by the depositary or its nominee. These
institutions may hold these interests on behalf of themselves or customers. 

Under the Indenture, only
the person in whose name a debt security is registered is recognized as the holder of that debt security. Consequently, for debt securities
issued in book-entry form, we will recognize only the depositary as the holder of the debt securities and we will make all payments on
the debt securities to the depositary. The depositary will then pass along the payments it receives to its participants, which in turn
will pass the payments along to their customers who are the beneficial owners. The depositary and its participants do so under agreements
they have made with one another or with their customers; they are not obligated to do so under the terms of the debt securities. 

As a result, investors will
not own debt securities directly. Instead, they will own beneficial interests in a global security, through a bank, broker or other financial
institution that participates in the depositary s book-entry system or holds an interest through a participant. As long as the debt
securities are represented by one or more global securities, investors will be indirect holders, and not holders, of the debt securities. 

Global Securities 

As noted above, the Notes
will be issued in book-entry form and represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of The Depository
Trust Company, New York, New York, known as DTC, or its nominee. A global security may not be transferred to or registered in the name
of anyone other than the depositary or its nominee, unless special termination situations arise. As a result of these arrangements, the
depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all the Notes represented by a global security, and investors
will be permitted to own only beneficial interests in a global security. 

Termination of a Global Security 

If a global security is terminated
for any reason, interests in it will be exchanged for certificates in non-book-entry form (certificated securities). After that exchange,
the choice of whether to hold the certificated Notes directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their
own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in a global security transferred on termination to their own names, so that
they will be holders. 

Payment and Paying Agents 

We will pay interest to the
person listed in the Trustee s records as the owner of the Notes at the close of business on a particular day in advance of each
due date for interest, even if that person no longer owns the Note on the interest due date. That day, usually about two weeks in advance
of the interest due date, is called the record date. Because we will pay all the interest for an interest period to the
holders on the record date, holders buying and selling the Notes must work out between themselves the appropriate purchase price. The
most common manner is to adjust the sales price of the Notes to prorate interest fairly between buyer and seller based on their respective
ownership periods within the particular interest period. This prorated interest amount is called accrued interest. 

9 

Payments on Global Securities 

We will make payments on the
Notes so long as they are represented by a global security in accordance with the applicable policies of the depositary as in effect from
time to time. Under those policies, we will make payments directly to the depositary, or its nominee, and not to any indirect holders
who own beneficial interests in the global security. An indirect holder s right to those payments will be governed by the rules
and practices of the depositary and its participants. 

Payment When Offices Are Closed 

If any payment is due on the
Notes on a day that is not a business day, we will make the payment on the next day that is a business day. Payments made on the next
business day in this situation will be treated under the Indenture as if they were made on the original due date. Such payment will not
result in a default under the Notes or the Indenture, and no interest will accrue on the payment amount from the original due date to
the next day that is a business day. 

Events of Default 

You will have rights if an
Event of Default occurs in respect of the Notes and the Event of Default is not cured, as described later in this subsection. 

The term Event of Default 
in respect of the Notes means any of the following: 

we do not pay the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any
Note when due; 

we do not pay interest on any Note when due, and such default
is not cured within 30 days; 

we remain in breach of a covenant in respect of the Notes
for 60 days after we receive a written notice of default stating we are in breach (the notice must be sent by either the Trustee or holders
of at least 25 of the principal amount of the Notes); 

we file for bankruptcy or certain other events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization occur and remain undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 

the Notes have an asset coverage, as such term is defined
in the 1940 Act, of less than 100 per centum on the last business day of each of twenty-four consecutive calendar months, after giving
effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. 

An Event of Default for the
Notes may, but does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default for any other series of debt securities issued under the same or any
other indenture. The Trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the Notes of any default, except in the payment of principal or interest,
if it in good faith considers the withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders. 

Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs 

If an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the Notes may declare the entire principal
amount of all the Notes to be due and immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. In certain circumstances,
a declaration of acceleration of maturity may be canceled by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes if (1) we have
deposited with the Trustee all amounts due and owing with respect to the Notes (other than principal that has become due solely by reason
of such acceleration) and certain other amounts, and (2) any other Events of Default have been cured or waived. 

Except
in cases of default, where the Trustee has some special duties, the Trustee is not required to take any action under the Indenture
at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the Trustee protection from expenses and liability reasonably satisfactory to it
(called an indemnity ). If indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount
of the Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available
to the Trustee. The Trustee may refuse to follow those directions in certain circumstances. No delay or omission in exercising any right
or remedy will be treated as a waiver of that right, remedy or Event of Default. 

10 

Before you are allowed to
bypass the Trustee and bring your own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce your rights or protect your
interests relating to the Notes, the following must occur: 

you must give the Trustee written notice that an Event of
Default has occurred and remains uncured; 

the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of all the
Notes must make a written request that the Trustee take action because of the default and must offer reasonable indemnity, security,
or both reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and other liabilities of taking that action; 

the Trustee must not have taken action for 60 days after receipt
of the above notice and offer of indemnity and/or security; and 

the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes
must not have given the Trustee a direction inconsistent with the above notice during that 60-day period. 

However, you are entitled
at any time to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on your Notes on or after the due date. 

Book-entry and other indirect
holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how to give notice or direction to or make a request of the Trustee and
how to declare or cancel an acceleration of maturity. 

Each year, we will furnish
to the Trustee a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance with the Indenture
and the Notes, or else specifying any default. 

Waiver of Default 

The holders of a majority
in principal amount of the Notes may waive any past defaults other than: 

the payment of principal or interest; or 

in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended
without the consent of each holder. 

Merger or Consolidation 

Under the terms of the Indenture,
we are generally permitted to consolidate or merge with another corporation. We are also permitted to sell all or substantially all of
our assets to another corporation. However, we may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met: 

where we merge out of existence or sell substantially all our assets, the resulting corporation or transferee must agree to be legally responsible for our obligations under the Notes; 

the merger or sale of assets must not cause a default on the Notes and we must not already be in default (unless the merger or sale would cure the default). For purposes of this no-default test, a default would include an Event of Default that has occurred and has not been cured, as described under Events of Default above. A default for this purpose would also include any event that would be an Event of Default if the requirements for giving us a notice of default or our default having to exist for a specific period of time were disregarded; and 

we must deliver certain certificates and documents to the Trustee. 

Modification or Waiver 

There are three types of changes
we can make to the Indenture and the Notes issued thereunder. 

11 

Changes Requiring Your Approval 

First, there are changes that
we cannot make to your Notes without your specific approval. The following is a list of those types of changes: 

change the stated maturity of the principal of or interest
on the Notes; 

reduce any amounts due on the Notes; 

reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of
the maturity of a Note following a default; 

change the place or currency of payment on a Note; 

impair your right to sue for payment; 

reduce the percentage of holders of Notes whose consent is
needed to modify or amend the Indenture; and 

reduce the percentage of holders of Notes whose consent is
needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture or to waive certain defaults. 

Changes Not Requiring Approval 

The second type of change
does not require any vote by the holders of the Notes. This type is limited to clarifications and certain other changes that would not
adversely affect holders of the Notes in any material respect. 

Changes Requiring Majority Approval 

Any other change to the Indenture
and the Notes would require the following approval: 

if the change affects only the Notes, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes; and 

if the change affects more than one series of debt securities issued under the same indenture, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series affected by the change, with all affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. 

In each case, the required
approval must be given by written consent. 

The holders of a majority
in principal amount of all of the series of debt securities issued under an indenture, voting together as one class for this purpose,
may waive our compliance with some of our covenants in that indenture. However, we cannot obtain a waiver of a payment default or of any
of the matters covered by the bullet points included above under Changes Requiring Your Approval. 

Further Details Concerning Voting 

When taking a vote, we will
use the following rules to decide how much principal to attribute to the Notes: 

The Notes will not be considered
outstanding, and therefore not eligible to vote, if we have deposited or set aside in trust money for their payment or redemption. The
Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as described later under Defeasance Full Defeasance. 

We will generally be entitled
to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of the Notes that are entitled to vote or take other action
under the Indenture. However, the record date may not be more than 30 days before the date of the first solicitation of holders to vote
on or take such action. If we set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by holders of the Notes, that vote or action may
be taken only by persons who are holders of the Notes on the record date and must be taken within eleven months following the record date. 

12 

Book-entry and other indirect
holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how approval may be granted or denied if we seek to change the Indenture
or the Notes or request a waiver. 

 Defeasance 

The following defeasance provisions
will be applicable to the Notes. Defeasance means that, by depositing with a Trustee an amount of cash and/or government
securities sufficient to pay all principal and interest, if any, on the Notes when due and satisfying any additional conditions noted
below, we will be deemed to have been discharged from our obligations under the Notes. In the event of a covenant defeasance, 
upon depositing such funds and satisfying similar conditions discussed below we would be released from the restrictive covenants under
the Indenture relating to the Notes. 

Covenant Defeasance 

Under current U.S. federal
tax law and the Indenture, we can make the deposit described below and be released from some of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture
under which the Notes were issued. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, you would lose the protection of those
restrictive covenants but would gain the protection of having money and government securities set aside in trust to repay your Notes.
If we achieve covenant defeasance and your Notes were subordinated, such subordination would not prevent the Trustee under the Indenture
from applying the funds available to it from the deposit described in the first bullet to the payment of amounts due in respect of such
debt securities for the benefit of the subordinated debtholders. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, we must do the following: 

Since the Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit
in trust for the benefit of all holders of the Notes a combination of cash and U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds
that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the Notes on their various due dates; 

we must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion of our counsel
confirming that, under current U.S. federal income tax law, we may make the above deposit without causing you to be taxed on the Notes
any differently than if we did not make the deposit; 

we must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion of our counsel
stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate
stating that all conditions precedent to covenant defeasance have been complied with; 

defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or
result in a default under, the Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments; and 

no default or event of default with respect to the Notes shall
have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization shall occur
during the next 90 days. 

If we accomplish covenant
defeasance, you can still look to us for repayment of the Notes if there were a shortfall in the trust deposit or the Trustee is prevented
from making payment. In fact, if one of the remaining Events of Default occurred (such as our bankruptcy) and the Notes became immediately
due and payable, there might be a shortfall. Depending on the event causing the default, you may not be able to obtain payment of the
shortfall. 

Full Defeasance 

If there is a change in U.S.
federal income tax law, as described below, we can legally release ourselves from all payment and other obligations on the Notes (called
 full defeasance if we put in place the following other arrangements for you to be repaid: 

Since the Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the Notes a combination of money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the Notes on their various due dates; 

we must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion confirming that there has been a change in current U.S. federal tax law or an IRS ruling that allows us to make the above deposit without causing you to be taxed on the Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit. Under current U.S. federal tax law the deposit and our legal release from the Notes would be treated as though we paid you your share of the cash and notes or bonds at the time the cash and notes or bonds were deposited in trust in exchange for your Notes and you would recognize gain or loss on the Notes at the time of the deposit; 

13 

we must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to defeasance have been complied with; 

defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, of the Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments; and 

no default or event of default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 

If we ever did accomplish
full defeasance, as described above, you would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment of the Notes. You could not look
to us for repayment in the unlikely event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would most likely be protected from claims of
our lenders and other creditors if we ever became bankrupt or insolvent. If your Notes were subordinated, such subordination would not
prevent the Trustee under the Indenture from applying the funds available to it from the deposit referred to in the first bullet of the
preceding paragraph to the payment of amounts due in respect of such Notes for the benefit of the subordinated debtholders. 

Other
Covenants 

In
addition to any other covenants described in this summary, as well as standard covenants relating to payment of principal and interest,
maintaining an office where payments may be made or securities can be surrendered for payment, payment of taxes by the Company and related
matters, the following covenants will apply to the Notes: 

We agree that for the
period of time during which the Notes are outstanding, we will not violate Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of
the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, whether or not we continue to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect,
in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from incurring
additional borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940
Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowings. 

We agree that for the
period of time during which the Notes are outstanding, we will not declare any dividend (except a dividend payable in our stock), or
declare any other distribution, upon a class of our capital stock, or purchase any such capital stock, unless, in every such case, at
the time of the declaration of any such dividend or distribution, or at the time of any such purchase, we have an asset coverage (as
defined in the 1940 Act) of at least the threshold specified in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a)(2) of
the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions thereto of the 1940 Act, as such obligation may
be amended or superseded, after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and in each
case giving effect to (i) any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC, and (ii) any SEC no-action relief granted by
the SEC to another BDC (or to us if we determine to seek such similar no-action or other relief) permitting the BDC to declare any
cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions
of Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time, as such obligation may be amended or superseded,
in order to maintain such BDC s status as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended. 

If, at any time, we
are not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic reports with
the SEC, we agree to furnish to holders of the Notes and the trustee, for the period of time during which the Notes are outstanding,
our audited annual consolidated financial statements, within 90 days of our fiscal year end, and unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements, within 45 days of our fiscal quarter end (other than our fourth fiscal quarter). All such financial statements
will be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable U.S. GAAP. 

Credit
Rating Maintenance 

With
respect to the 8.50 2028 Notes, the Company has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a credit rating on the 8.50 
2028 Notes by a rating organization designated from time to time by the SEC as being nationally recognized whose status has been confirmed
by the Securities Valuation Office of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., on behalf
of the underwriters, at its sole discretion, may waive the requirement to maintain a rating on the 8.50 2028 Notes at any time. 

14 

Form, Exchange and Transfer of Certificated
Registered Securities 

If registered Notes cease
to be issued in book-entry form, they will be issued: 

only in fully registered certificated form; 

without interest coupons; and 

unless we indicate otherwise, in denominations of 25 and
amounts that are multiples of 25. 

Holders may exchange their
certificated securities for Notes of smaller denominations or combined into fewer Notes of larger denominations, as long as the total
principal amount is not changed and as long as the denomination is equal to or greater than 25. 

Holders may exchange or transfer
their certificated securities at the office of the Trustee. We have appointed the Trustee to act as our agent for registering Notes in
the names of holders transferring Notes. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. 

Holders will not be required
to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their certificated securities, but they may be required to pay any tax or other governmental
charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the
holder s proof of legal ownership. 

We may appoint additional
transfer agents or cancel the appointment of any particular transfer agent. We may also approve a change in the office through which any
transfer agent acts. 

If any certificated securities
of a particular series are redeemable and we redeem less than all the Notes, we may block the transfer or exchange of those Notes selected
for redemption during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of redemption and ending on the day of that mailing,
in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers or exchanges of any certificated
Notes selected for redemption, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unredeemed portion of any Note that
will be partially redeemed. 

If registered Notes are issued
in book-entry form, only the depositary will be entitled to transfer and exchange the Notes as described in this subsection, since it
will be the sole holder of the Notes. 

Resignation of Trustee 

The Trustee may resign or
be removed with respect to the Notes provided that a successor trustee is appointed to act with respect to the Notes. In the event that
two or more persons are acting as trustee with respect to different series of indenture securities under the Indenture, each of the trustees
will be a trustee of a trust separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee. 

Indenture Provisions Ranking 

The
Notes are our direct unsecured obligations and will rank: 

pari passu with
our other outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness; 

senior to any of our
future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the Notes. We currently do not have outstanding debt that is subordinated
to the Notes and do not currently intend to issue indebtedness that expressly provides that it is subordinated to the Notes. Therefore,
the Notes will not be senior to any indebtedness or obligations; 

effectively subordinated
to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we have granted or
subsequently grant security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, including, without limitation, borrowings
under our Encina Credit Facility. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our
existing or future secured indebtedness may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive
full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the Notes, and any
assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Notes; and 

structurally subordinated
to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of our subsidiaries because the Notes are obligations exclusively
of the Company and not of any of our subsidiaries. Structural subordination means that creditors of a parent entity are subordinate to
creditors of a subsidiary entity with respect to the subsidiary s assets. Upon issuance of the Notes, the Notes will be structurally
subordinated to the SBA-guaranteed debentures; 

The Trustee under the Indenture 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) serves as the Trustee under the Indenture. 

15 

</EX-4.24>

<EX-21>
 3
 f10k2023ex21_saratoga.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF SARATOGA
INVESTMENT CORP. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Saratoga Investment Funding II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp.
 SBIC, LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC II LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Saratoga Investment Corp.
 SBIC III LP 
 
 Delaware

Saratoga Investment Corp.
 GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex23-1_saratoga.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP FOR SARATOGA INVESTMENT CORP

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
of our report dated May 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Saratoga Investment Corp.
included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended February 28, 2023, into the Registration Statement (Form N-2, File
No. 333-269186), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

New York, New York 

 May 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex23-2_saratoga.htm
 CONSENT OF COHNREZNICK LLP FOR SARATOGA INVESTMENT CORP. CLO 2013-1, LTD

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Auditors 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
Registration Statement (No. 333-269186) on Form N-2 of Saratoga Investment Corp. of our report dated May 2, 2023 with respect to the statements
of assets and liabilities, including the schedules of investments, as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations,
changes in net assets, and cash flows for the years ended February 28, 2023, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes to the financial statements
of Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Saratoga Investment Corp. for the year ended 
February 28, 2023. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

 May 2, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex31-1_saratoga.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Christian L. Oberbeck, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Saratoga
Investment Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The company s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the company s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The company s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors
and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 2, 2023 

/s/ CHRISTIAN L. OBERBECK 

Christian L. Oberbeck 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2023ex31-2_saratoga.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Henri J. Steenkamp, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Saratoga Investment Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The company s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the company s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The company s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors
and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 2, 2023 
 /s/ HENRI J. STEENKAMP 

Henri J. Steenkamp 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2023ex32-1_saratoga.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Saratoga Investment Corp. (the Company for the annual period ended February 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christian L. Oberbeck, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Henri
J. Steenkamp, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
our knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: May 2, 2023 

/s/ CHRISTIAN L. OBERBECK 

Christian L. Oberbeck 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ HENRI J. STEENKAMP 

Henri J. Steenkamp 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 f10k2023ex32-2_saratoga.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Saratoga Investment Corp. (the Company for the annual period ended February 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christian L. Oberbeck, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Henri
J. Steenkamp, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
our knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: May 2, 2023 

/s/ CHRISTIAN L. OBERBECK 

Christian L. Oberbeck 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ HENRI J. STEENKAMP 

Henri J. Steenkamp 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 sar-20230228.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 sar-20230228_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 sar-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 sar-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 sar-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

