<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1091596_0001437749-23-010351.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5660285</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>213629</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>992550</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1497177</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1452153</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1365689</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-010351.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414180806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-010351
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001091596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				233011702
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32518
		FILM NUMBER:		23822310

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8285 EL RIO, SUITE 150
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832-236-9060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8285 EL RIO, SUITE 150
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nuo Therapeutics, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYTOMEDIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOLOGOUS WOUND THERAPY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000407

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-010351.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 aurx20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

aurx20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
 
 Commission file number 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

(Title of class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as reported on the OTC Markets Group for the registrant s common stock, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter of 2022 was approximately million. There were no shares of non-voting common equity outstanding as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 As of April 10, 2023, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 None. 

Table of Contents 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Trademarks 

PART I 
 1 

ITEM 1. Business 
 1 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 7 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 

ITEM 2. Properties 
 15 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 15 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART II 
 16 

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 16 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 21 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 21 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 21 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 22 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 22 

PART III 
 23 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 23 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 25 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 27 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 28 

ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 29 

PART IV 
 30 

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 30 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements, other than purely historical information, in this Annual Report (including the section titled Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations constitute forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or achievements, and may contain the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, will, will be, will continue, will likely result, could, may and words of similar import. These statements reflect the Company s current view of future events and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as noted in this Annual Report and in other reports filed by us with the SEC, including Forms 8-K and 10-Q. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the following: 

our limited revenue base and sources of working capital; 

our limited operating experience; 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

the dilutive impact of raising additional equity or debt; 

our ability to timely and accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud if we are unable to maintain effective disclosure and internal controls; 

acceptance of our product by the medical community and patients; 

our ability to obtain adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; 

our ability to contract with healthcare providers; 

our reliance on several single source suppliers and our ability to source raw materials at affordable costs; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property; 

our compliance with governmental regulations; 

our ability to successfully sell and market the Aurix System; 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel, including both of our executive officers; and 

our ability to successfully pursue strategic collaborations to help develop, support, or commercialize our current and future products. 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 
 In addition to the risks identified under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report and the other filings referenced above, other sections of this report may include additional factors which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business, or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 
 
 The Company undertakes no obligation and does not intend to update, revise or otherwise publicly release any revisions to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of any unanticipated events. 

Trademarks 
 
 The Company owns or has rights to various copyrights, trademarks and trade names used in its business, including, but not limited to, Aurix . This Annual Report also includes discussions of or references to other trademarks, service marks, and trade names of other companies, including, but not limited to, the Angel Whole Blood Separation System . Other trademarks and trade names appearing in this Annual Report are the property of the holder of such trademarks and trade names. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 
 Corporate Overview 
 
 Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. is a Delaware corporation organized in 1998 under the name Informatix Holdings, Inc. In 1999, Autologous Wound Therapy, Inc., an Arkansas Corporation, merged with and into Informatix Holdings, Inc. and the name of the surviving corporation was changed to Autologous Wound Therapy, Inc. In 2000, Autologous Wound Therapy, Inc. changed its name to Cytomedix, Inc. Cytomedix ). In 2001, Cytomedix, filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the United States U.S. Bankruptcy Code, after which Cytomedix was authorized to continue to conduct its business as a debtor and debtor-in-possession. Cytomedix emerged from bankruptcy in 2002 under a Plan of Reorganization. In September 2007, Cytomedix received 510(k) clearance for the Aurix System Aurix ), formerly known as the AutoloGel System, from the U. S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). In April 2010, Cytomedix acquired the Angel Whole Blood Separation System Angel and the Angel Business, from Sorin Group USA, Inc. In February 2012, Cytomedix, acquired Aldagen, Inc. Aldagen ), a privately held developmental cell-therapy company located in Durham, NC. In 2014, Cytomedix changed its name to Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. In 2016, Nuo filed for and emerged from bankruptcy under Chapter 11 as described below under - 2016 Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy . Effective May 1, 2019, Nuo furloughed its remaining employees and ceased standard operational activities as it awaited developments concerning its reconsideration request with the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS regarding Medicare coverage for Aurix. Based on a favorable National Coverage Determination issued in April 2021, Nuo initiated restart activities for the business beginning in October 2021 with an expectation that the Aurix product will be available for commercial sale by May 2022. Aldagen is a non-operational, wholly owned subsidiary of Nuo. Our principal offices are presently located in Houston, Texas. 
 
 Our Business 
 
 We are a regenerative therapies company focused on developing and marketing products for chronic wound care primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness the regenerative capacity of the human body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (i.e., from self, the patient s own) biological therapies for tissue repair and regeneration is part of a clinical strategy designed to improve long-term recovery in inherently complex chronic conditions with significant unmet medical needs. 
 
 Our current commercial offering consists of a point of care technology for the safe and effective separation of autologous blood to produce a platelet-based therapy for the chronic wound care market. This offering is known as Aurix or the Aurix System . The FDA cleared the Aurix System for marketing in 2007 as a device under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). Aurix is one of two platelet derived products cleared by the FDA for chronic wound care use and is indicated for most exuding wounds. The advanced wound care market, within which Aurix competes, is composed of advanced wound care dressings, wound care devices, and wound care biologics, and is estimated to be an approximate 10.8 billion global market in 2021 with the North American market estimated at approximately 4.15 billion in 2020. Estimates remain that 1-2 of population in the developed countries will suffer from a chronic wound at least once in their lifetime. According to the National Institute of Health, treatment of diabetic foot ulcers cost an estimated 9- 13 billion annually in the U.S. alone. An aging population and the still increasing prevalence of diabetes suggests a continued increase in the patient population at risk of developing chronic, non-healing wounds. 
 
 The Aurix System produces a platelet rich plasma PRP gel at the point of care using the patient s own platelets and plasma sourced from a small draw of peripheral blood. Aurix comprises a natural, endogenous complement of protein and non-protein signal molecules that contribute to effective healing. During treatment, the patient s platelets are activated and release hundreds of growth factor proteins and other signaling molecules that form a biologically active hematogel. Aurix delivers concentrations of the natural complement of cytokines, growth factors and chemokines that are known to regulate angiogenesis (i.e., the development of new blood vessels), cell growth, and the formation of new tissue. Once applied to the prepared wound bed, the biologically active Aurix hematogel can restore the balance in the wound environment to transform a non-healing wound to a wound that heals naturally. 
 
 In 2012, a Medicare National Coverage Determination NCD from CMS reversed a twenty-year old non-coverage decision for autologous blood derived products used in wound care. This NCD allowed for Medicare coverage under the Coverage with Evidence Development CED program. CED programs have been employed for a selected number variety of other therapies, including transcatheter aortic valve repair and cochlear implantation. Under the CED program, CMS provides reimbursement for items or services on the condition that they be furnished in approved clinical protocols or in the collection of additional clinical data. Under the CED program, a facility treating a patient with Aurix was reimbursed by Medicare when health outcomes data were collected to inform future coverage decisions. The intent of the CED program was to evaluate the outcomes of Aurix therapy for the broader Medicare population when it is used in a real world continuum of care. 
 
 On May 17, 2019, we transmitted a letter memorandum to CMS Coverage and Analysis Group CAG in support of our complete formal request for reconsideration of the then existing national coverage determination based on clinical data collected and published under the CED program. The complete formal public request for reconsideration was made on May 8, 2019 in accordance with the applicable requirements. 

1

Table of Contents 

On April 13, 2021, CMS issued a final coverage decision memo indicating that Medicare would nationally cover autologous PRP for the treatment of chronic non-healing diabetic wounds for a duration of 20 weeks under Section 1862(a)(1)(A) of the Social Security Act. This coverage applies when using devices whose FDA-cleared indications include the management of exuding cutaneous wounds, such as diabetic ulcers. Coverage of autologous PRP beyond 20 weeks for diabetic foot ulcers and for the treatment of all other chronic, non-diabetic, non-healing wounds will be determined by local Medicare Administrative Contractors. 
 
 Although FDA cleared the Aurix System for marketing in 2007 under Section 510(k) of the FDCA, CMS only established economically viable reimbursement for the product beginning in 2016. For 2022, the CMS national average reimbursement rate for the Aurix System is 1,749 per treatment, which we believe provides appropriate payment to facilities for product usage. We will market the Aurix System at an approximate cost of 800 per treatment to wound care providers. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Our current commercial focus is establishing engagement with providers treating chronic non-healing wounds to demonstrate the clinical benefits we believe result from the use of Aurix in the treatment of complex wounds. Increasing physician awareness of the differentiating attributes of Aurix will be key to establishing a base of product revenues upon which to grow. We anticipate developing these relationships with clinical providers and treatment facilities primarily by establishing a variety of distributor arrangements throughout the United States. Our commercial team consists of five senior employees who are leveraging their current and historical relationships to establish distributor arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we had established contractual relationships with more than 100 individual distributor representatives including. a multi-state agreement with Pacific Medical, Inc. covering multiple large markets in the western United States. The number of distributor representatives may continue to expand modestly in the months ahead but the current focus is establishing commercial customer relationships with wound care providers in primarily hospital outpatient wound care clinics and ensuring that the reimbursement mechanisms are appropriately administered by the local Medicare Administrative Contractors in support of the April 2021 national coverage determination. 
 
 Commercially available Aurix product was first available in late May 2022 for demonstration and evaluation purposes. Through a growing distributor network, Aurix is presently being evaluated by various hospital/facility Value Analysis Committees (VACs) as part of the process of approving its clinical use. Limited commercial revenues were recorded during the second half of 2022 and we expect reasonably expect revenues to exhibit increasing growth in subsequent periods. 

The Science Underlying Aurix/Platelet Rich Plasma 
 
 Normal Wound Healing 
 
 The science underlying wound healing is well-established. An immediate early event critical for wound healing is the influx of platelets to the wound site. Platelets bind to elements within damaged tissue such as collagen fragments and endogenous thrombin molecules and are activated to release a diversity of growth factors and other biomolecules from their alpha and dense granules (Reed 2000, Nieswandt, 2003). These biomolecules provide signals essential for biological responses regulating hemostasis and effective tissue regeneration. 
 
 Chronic Wounds 
 
 Dysregulation of numerous cellular and biological responses contribute to the chronic wound phenotype. Chronic wounds have reduced levels of growth factors and concomitant decreases in cellular proliferation (Mast 1996). There is increased cellular senescence (Telgenhoff 2005), and there generally is a lack of perfusion that can inhibit the delivery of nutrients and cells required for regeneration (Guo 2010). As the body attempts to stave off infection, elevated concentrations of free radicals accumulate in the chronic wound and further damage surrounding tissue (Moseley 2004, James 2003). 
 
 Aurix Therapy 
 
 Aurix has been cleared by FDA as safe and effective with an indication for chronic wounds such as leg ulcers, pressure ulcers, and diabetic ulcers and other exuding wounds such as mechanically or surgically debrided wounds. The Aurix therapeutic is formed by mixing a sample of a patient s platelets and plasma with pharmaceutical grade thrombin and ascorbic acid. The thrombin activates platelets while ascorbic acid drives the synthesis of high tensile strength collagen, clears damaging free radicals and controls gel consistency. The topical dermal application of Aurix gel bypasses the lack of local perfusion to provide immediate signals for new tissue formation and ultimately healing. 
 
 The Efficacy of Aurix Relates to Biological Activity Released by Platelets 
 
 Regenerative Capacity 
 
 More than 300 proteins are released by human platelets in response to thrombin activation (Coppinger 2004). Important examples include vascular endothelial cell growth factor VEGF ), platelet derived growth factor PDGF ), epidermal growth factor EGF ), fibroblast growth factor FGF and transforming growth factor-beta TGF-B (Eppley 2004, Everts 2006). These proteins are critical for organized wound healing, regulating responses such as vascularization, cell proliferation, cell differentiation, and deposition of new extracellular matrix (Goldman 2004). Platelets also release chemokines such as Interleukin-8 IL-8 ), stromal cell derived factor-1 SDF-1 ), and platelet factor-4 PF-4 (Chatterjee 2011, Gear 2003) that control the mobilization and migration of stem cells and fibroblasts (Werner 2003 and Gillitzer 2001), which contribute to tissue regeneration. 

2

Table of Contents 

Anti-infective Activity 
 
 Populations of bioburden in chronic wounds vary over time and wounds invariably retain or become re-infected with some level of bacteria that is detrimental to healing (Howell-Jones 2005). In addition to regenerative capacity, platelets release anti-microbial peptides effective against a broad range of pathogens including Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus MRSA (Moojen 2007, Jia 2010, Tang 2002, Bielecki 2007). 
 
 Clinical Efficacy 
 
 Multiple efficacy and effectiveness studies have been published in peer reviewed journals documenting the impact of using Aurix to treat chronic wounds. Key data include: 

In the published study of the clinical data collected during the CED program for diabetic foot ulcers, Aurix demonstrated a significant time to heal advantage compared to wounds treated with usual and customary care (including any available advanced therapy). A higher percentage of healing was observed across all wound severities (Wagner Grade 1-4) and in a patient population with significant comorbidities. (Gude W, Hagan D, Abood F, Clausen P: Aurix Gel is an Effective Intervention for Chronic Diabetic Foot Ulcers: A Pragmatic Randomized Controlled Trial. Advances in Skin and Wound Care, 2019; 32(9): 416-426.) 

In a double blinded randomized controlled trial, 81 of the most common-sized diabetic foot ulcers healed with Aurix compared with 42 of control wounds. Mean time to healing was six weeks. (Driver V, Hanft J, Fylling, C et al.: A Prospective, Randomized, Controlled Trial of Autologous Platelet-Rich Plasma Gel for the Treatment of Diabetic Foot Ulcers. Ostomy Wound Management , 2006; 52(6): 68-87.) 

In 285 chronic wounds in 200 patients, 96.5 of the wounds had a positive response within an average of 2.2 weeks with an average of 2.8 Aurix treatments (de Leon J, Driver VR, Fylling CP, Carter MJ, Anderson C, Wilson J, et al.: The Clinical Relevance of Treating Chronic Wounds with an Enhanced Near-physiological Concentration of Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP) Gel. Advances in Skin and Wound Care , 2011; 24(8), 357-368.) 

In a retrospective, longitudinal study of 40 Wagner grade II through IV diabetic foot ulcers, most with critical limb ischemia, wounds increased in size in the approximate 100 days prior to the initiation of comprehensive wound care treatment. Upon treatment with debridement, revascularization, antibiotics and off-loading, the wounds continued to increase in size over a subsequent 75-day period. Once they were then treated with Aurix, the wounds immediately changed healing trajectory and 83 of the wounds healed with an average of 6.1 Aurix treatments per wound (Sakata, J., Sasaki, S., Handa, K., et al. A Retrospective, Longitudinal Study to Evaluate Healing Lower Extremity Wounds in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus and Ischemia Using Standard Protocols of Care and Platelet-Rich Plasma Gel in a Japanese Wound Care Program. Ostomy Wound Management , 2012; 58(4):36-49.) 

Customer Concentration 
 
 Our revenues are derived from the sale of the Aurix product to customers consisting of primarily hospital outpatient wound care clinics and other private practice physicians treating chronic wounds. The Aurix product became commercially available for sale again in mid-2022 with limited revenues generated during the balance of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Licenses and Property Rights 
 
 Nuo relies on a combination of trademarks, trade secrets, copyright laws as well as confidentiality agreements, contractual provisions, and other similar measures, to establish and protect its business interests. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Government authorities in the U.S., Canada, the European Union, and other countries extensively regulate pharmaceutical products, biologics, and medical devices. The Company s products and product candidates are subject to approval or clearance by the governing bodies prior to and during the marketing and distribution of a product. Regulatory requirements apply to, but are not limited to, research and development, safety and efficacy, clinical studies, manufacturing, labeling, distribution, advertising and marketing, and the import and export of products. Before a product candidate is approved by the governing bodies for commercial marketing, rigorous preclinical and human clinical testing may be necessary to conduct to determine the safety and efficacy or effectiveness of the product. If the Company fails to comply with the applicable laws and regulations at any time during the product development process, approval, or clearance process, or during commercialization, it may become subject to administrative and/or judicial sanctions. These sanctions may include, but are not limited to, refusal to approve or clear pending applications, withdrawals of approvals, clinical holds, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of the Company s operations, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and/or criminal prosecution. Any enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

3

Table of Contents 

Medical Device Regulation 
 
 The Company reinitiated manufacture and available commercial distribution of the Aurix System in May 2022. As such, this and future products manufactured and/or distributed by the Company may be subject to regulations by the applicable governing bodies, including but not limited to, the FDA, Health Canada, the European Medicines Agency, the Japanese Ministry of Health Welfare, and other regulatory agencies. The Company currently has no meaningful business development initiatives outside of the U.S. Each of the foreign governing bodies noted above serve a similar function as the FDA. As such, the Company and its products and product candidates are subject to the regulations enforced by the outside governing bodies. These regulations include, but are not limited to, product clearance, documentation requirements, good manufacturing practices and medical device reporting. Labeling and promotional activities are also subject to regulation by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, in certain circumstances. Current enforcement policies prohibit the marketing of approved medical devices for unapproved uses. Each governing body reviews the labeling and advertising of medical devices to ensure that unapproved uses are not promoted. Before a new medical device can be introduced to the market, the manufacturer must obtain clearance or approval from the applicable regulatory agency, depending upon the device classification. In the U.S., medical devices are classified into one of three classes Class I, II, or III. The regulations enforced by the FDA and/or the appropriate governing bodies to the medical device(s) provide reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective. In the U.S., Class I devices are non-critical products that the FDA believes can be adequately regulated by general controls which include provisions relating to labeling, manufacturer registration, defect notification, records and reports, and current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, based on the FDA s Quality Systems Regulations. Most Class I devices are exempt from pre-market notification and some are also exempt from cGMP requirements. Class II devices are products for which the general controls of Class I devices, by themselves, are not sufficient to assure safety and effectiveness and, therefore, require additional controls. Additional controls for Class II devices may include performance standards, post-market surveillance patient registries, and the use of FDA guidelines. Standards may include both design and performance requirements. Class III devices have the most restrictive controls and require pre-market approval by the FDA. Generally, Class III devices are limited to life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices. All of the governing bodies with responsibility over the Company s products have the ability to inspect medical device manufacturers, order recalls of medical devices in some circumstances, seize non-complying medical devices, and to pursue prosecution of either civil or criminal violations. 
 
 Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA requires individuals or companies manufacturing medical devices intended for human use to file a notice with the FDA at least ninety days before intending to introduce the device into the market. This notice, commonly referred to as a 510(k) premarket notification, must identify the type of classified device into which the product falls, the class of that type, and a specific product already being marketed or cleared by the FDA and to which the product is substantially equivalent. In some instances, the 510(k) must include data from human clinical studies to establish substantial equivalence. The FDA must agree with the claim of substantial equivalence before the device can be marketed. The statutory time frame for clearance of a 510(k) is ninety days, though it often takes longer. Nuo currently only markets a product that is subject to 510(k) clearance. 
 
 The Company expects to market the Aurix System by May 2022, consisting of the Aurix Wound Dressing Kit, Aurix Reagent Kit, and Aurix System Centrifuge II. Each component of the Aurix System is a legally marketed product that has been cleared by FDA. The Aurix System Centrifuge II, when used with the Aurix Wound Dressing Kit and Aurix Reagent Kit, are suitable for use on exuding wounds such as leg ulcers, pressure ulcers and diabetic ulcers, and for the management of mechanically or surgically debrided wounds. 
 
 As a specification developer, manufacturer, and distributor of medical devices, the Company complies with other regulations and standards, such as the FDCA and implementing regulations set forth in 21 CFR et seq. and also ISO 13485. As a manufacturer and distributor of medical devices, the Company, and in some instances its subcontractors, is required to register its facilities and products manufactured annually with the appropriate governing bodies and certain state agencies. Additionally, the Company is subject to periodic inspections by the governing bodies to assess compliance with cGMP regulations. Facilities may also be subject to inspections by other federal, foreign, state, or local agencies. Accordingly, manufacturers such as the Company must continue to expend time, money, and effort around production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

4

Table of Contents 

Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 
 The Company may also be indirectly subject to federal and state anti-kickback and physician self-referral laws. Federal physician self-referral legislation (commonly known as the Stark Law) prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare and Medicaid patients to an entity providing certain designated health services DHS if the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship with the entity. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity receiving the referral from billing any good or service furnished pursuant to an unlawful referral, and any person collecting any amounts in connection with an unlawful referral is obligated to refund such amounts. CMS has issued numerous regulations containing exceptions to the prohibitions of the Stark Law. If a physician and a DHS entity have financial relationship subject to the Stark Law, then an exception must be met or else the DHS entity cannot bill for the service. A person who engages in a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law s referral prohibition may be fined up to 100,000 for each such arrangement or scheme. The penalties for violating the Stark Law also include civil monetary penalties of up to 15,000 per referral and possible exclusion from federal health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Violations of the Stark Law have also been the basis for False Claims Act actions, discussed below. Various states have corollary laws to the Stark Law (so-called baby Stark laws), including laws that require physicians to disclose any financial interest they may have with a health care provider to their patients when referring patients to that provider. Both the scope and exception for such laws vary from state to state. 
 
 The Company may also be subject to federal and state anti-kickback laws. Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the Anti-Kickback Law, prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal health care program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. The Anti-Kickback Law is broad, and it prohibits many arrangements and practices that are otherwise lawful in businesses outside of the health care industry. The Office of the Inspector General OIG of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services DHHS has issued regulations, commonly known as safe harbors that set forth certain provisions which, if fully met, will assure health care providers and other parties that they will not be prosecuted under the federal Anti-Kickback Law. Although full compliance with these provisions ensures against prosecution under the Anti-Kickback Law, the failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit within a specific safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the transaction or arrangement is illegal or that prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Law will be pursued. As with the Stark Law, violations of the Anti-Kickback Law can result in a False Claims Act action. Many states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Law, and some of these state prohibitions apply to patients for health care services reimbursed by any source, not only federal health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. 
 
 In addition, there are other U.S. health care fraud laws to which the Company may be subject that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute a scheme or artifice to defraud any health care benefit program, including private payers fraud on a health benefit plan and that prohibit knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. These laws apply to any health benefit plan, not just Medicare and Medicaid. 
 
 The Company may also be subject to other U.S. laws that prohibit submitting, or causing to be submitted, claims for payment or causing such claims to be submitted that are false. Violation of these false claims statutes may lead to civil money penalties, criminal fines and imprisonment, and/or exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federally funded state health programs. These statutes include the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits the knowing filing of a false claim (or causing the submission of a false claim) or the knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from the U.S. federal government. Under provisions of the Affordable Care Act, the failure to report and refund an overpayment to the Medicare or Medicaid programs within 60 days of the identification of the overpayment may also be an obligation subjecting the defendant to a False Claims Act action. Finally, a recent U.S. Supreme Court case, Universal Health Services v. United States ex rel. Escobar, upheld the implied false certification theory under which a defendant submits a claim for payment that makes a specific representation about the goods or services provider, but fails to disclose the defendant s noncompliance with a statutory, regulatory, or contractual requirement that would be material to the Government s payment decision. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, the entity must pay three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties. Suits filed under the False Claims Act can be brought by an individual on behalf of the government (a qui tam action ). Such individuals (known as qui tam relators may share in the amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. In addition, certain states have enacted laws modeled after the False Claims Act. Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years causing greater numbers of health care companies to have to defend false claim actions, pay fines or be excluded from the Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state health care programs as a result of an investigation arising out of such action. 
 
 Several states also have referral, fee splitting and other similar laws that may restrict the payment or receipt of remuneration in connection with the purchase or rental of medical equipment and supplies. State laws vary in scope and have been infrequently interpreted by courts and regulatory agencies but may apply to all health care products and services, regardless of whether Medicaid or Medicare funds are involved. 
 
 Employees 
 
 The Company had 10 full-time employees as of December 31, 2022 which are all compensated as salaried employees. None of the Company s employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. The Company considers its employee relations to be good. 

5

Table of Contents 

Research and Development 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred no significant costs for research and development activities. 
 
 Competition 
 
 While Aurix has limited competition in the chronic wound care market from any other FDA cleared platelet derived products, we face competition from pharmaceutical companies, biopharmaceutical companies, medical device companies, and other competitors in the areas of advanced wound care dressings, wound care devices, and wound care biologics. Leading companies in the advanced wound care market include Smith and Nephew, 3M, MoInlycke, and ConvaTec. Leading competitors in the wound care market that offer other biologic products such as tissue-based products include companies such as MiMedx, Organogenesis, Integra Life Sciences, as well as a significant number of smaller companies. While we believe that Aurix can compete favorably on the basis of broad application across multiple wound etiologies, we expect that many physicians and allied professionals will continue to employ other treatment approaches and technologies, separately and in combination, in an attempt to treat chronic and hard-to heal wounds. The chronic wound market has many therapies that compete with Aurix that have established habitual use patterns and provider contracts to encourage standardized use. Furthermore, other companies have developed or are developing products that could be in direct future competition with our current product line. We may not be able to compete effectively against such companies. Many of these companies have substantially greater capital resources, larger marketing staffs and more experience in commercializing products than we do. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business, Industry, and Regulatory Approval of Our Product - Our Product Has Existing Competition in the Marketplace . 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 A reagent, bovine thrombin (Thrombin JMI), used for our Aurix product is available exclusively through Pfizer. Pfizer may unilaterally raise the price for the reagent. If a temporary or permanent interruption in the supply of the reagent were to occur, or the manufacturing costs charged by Pfizer exceed what we can reasonably afford, it would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. We also make available through our website at www.nuot.com our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed it electronically with, or furnished it to, the SEC. Information appearing on, and accessible through, our website is not part of this Annual Report. 

6

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock, you should consider the risks described below in addition to the cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere and the other information in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the SEC, including subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. The risks described below may not be the only risks the Company faces. Additional risks not yet known or currently believed to be immaterial may also impair our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer and our common stock could be adversely impacted, resulting in a loss of part or all of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position 
 
 Our Revenue Base Is Limited to a Single Product Seeking Market Adoption, We Need Substantial Additional Financing and Our Ability to Effect Such Financing Successfully Could Be Limited 
 
 Our current revenue base is limited to our Aurix product, and our Aurix revenue has been minimal. We have a history of losses and are not currently profitable. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of approximately 3.2 million. Even if we succeed in raising substantial additional funds, we expect to incur losses and negative operating cash flows in the immediate future. We may never generate sufficient revenues to achieve and maintain profitability. 
 
 Historically, we have financed our operations through a combination of the sale of debt, equity and equity-linked securities, licensing, royalty, and product revenues. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenues to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we need to finance future cash needs. It is substantially uncertain whether we will be able to obtain such financing on satisfactory terms or at all. 
 
 If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, it would have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan, and our revenues and operations and the value of our common stock would be materially and negatively impacted, and we may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. 
 
 We Have a Limited Operating History and Limited Operating Experience 
 
 We have only recently began re-implementing our commercialization strategy for Aurix. Thus, we have a very limited operating history. Continued operating losses, together with the risks associated with our ability to gain new customers for Aurix, may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. We may also be forced to respond to unforeseen difficulties, such as decreased demand for our products and services, downward pricing trends, regulatory requirements, and unanticipated market pressures. 
 
 Our Financial Position Creates Doubt as to Whether We Will Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The Company reestablished commercial operations in 2022 and generated limited revenues of approximately 112,000. We did not generate any revenues in 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a net loss of approximately 3.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively. There can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain funding from additional financing through private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support our working capital requirements. It is uncertain whether we will be able to obtain such financing on satisfactory terms or at all. Our continuing losses and limited cash resources raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and we need to raise substantial additional funds in order to continue to conduct our business. If we are unable to secure sufficient capital to fund our operating activities, we may be forced to delay the completion of, or significantly reduce the scope of, our current business plan, delay the pursuit of commercial insurance reimbursement for our wound treatment technologies, and postpone the hiring of new personnel. 
 
 We May Issue Additional Equity or Debt Securities Which Will Likely Dilute and May Materially and Adversely Affect the Price of Our Common Stock 
 
 Additional issuance of our common stock or other equity or convertible debt securities will likely dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that those sales may occur, could negatively affect the market price of our common stock. We have used, and will likely continue to use, our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock to fund working capital needs or to acquire technology, product rights or businesses, or for other purposes. If additional equity and/or equity-linked securities are issued, particularly during times when our common stock is trading at relatively low-price levels, the price of our common stock may be materially and adversely affected. 

7

Table of Contents 

We May Not Be Able to Timely and Accurately Report Our Financial Results or Prevent Fraud If We Are Unable to Maintain Effective Disclosure and Internal Controls 
 
 Effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports in a timely manner. Our management concluded there was a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Although we have taken steps to remediate such weakness, the material weakness cannot be considered remediated until the controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management concludes that our internal controls are operating effectively. While we believe that our intended remediation efforts will resolve the identified material weakness, there is no assurance that such efforts will be sufficient or that additional actions will not be necessary, which may undermine our ability to provide timely, accurate and reliable reports on our financial and operating results. Further, if we remediate our current material weakness but identify new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the value of our common stock may be negatively affected. As a result of such failures, we could also become subject to investigations by the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could harm our reputation, financial condition or divert financial and management resources from our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Regulatory Approval of Our Product 
 
 The Success of Aurix Is Dependent on Acceptance by the Medical Community 
 
 The commercial success of our product will depend upon the medical community and patients accepting the therapies as safe and effective. It will also depend on our success introducing the Aurix product within the broad chronic wound market and encouraging provider evaluation and adoption of Aurix in the context of pre-existing wound treatment clinical practice. 
 
 Furthermore, the willingness of the medical community to accept or evaluate our products and processes may be impacted by the medical community s acceptance of the quality of the clinical information that was collected and published as a result of the CED process. If the medical community and patients do not ultimately accept the therapies as safe and effective, or we are unable to raise awareness of our products and processes, our ability to sell our product may be materially and adversely affected, and the results of our operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 The Successful Commercialization of the Aurix System Will Depend on Obtaining Reimbursement from Third-Party Payors 
 
 In the U.S., the market for any pharmaceutical or biologic product is affected by the availability of reimbursement from third party payors, such as government health administration authorities, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and pharmacy benefit management companies. If we cannot demonstrate favorable outcomes or a cost-benefit relationship, we may have difficulty obtaining adequate coverage or reimbursement for our products from these payors. Third-party payors may also deny coverage for our product if they determine that the product is experimental, unnecessary, or inappropriate. Coverage and reimbursement are often determining factors in predicting a product s success, with some physicians and patients strongly favoring only those products for which they will be reimbursed. 
 
 The Aurix System is marketed to healthcare providers. Some of these providers, in turn, seek reimbursement from third-party payors such as Medicare, Medicaid, and other private insurers. While we have established Medicare coverage of Aurix through the NCD reconsideration, we may not be successful with our complete reimbursement strategy, including, without limitation, obtaining any additional regulatory approvals. 
 
 Should we seek to expand our commercialization internationally, we would be subject to international regulations, where the pricing of prescription pharmaceutical products and services and the level of government reimbursement may be subject to governmental control. In some countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take six to twelve months or longer after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct one or more clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of our product or product candidates to other available therapies. Conducting one or more of these clinical trials would be expensive and result in delays in commercialization of our current and future products. 
 
 Managing and reducing healthcare costs has become a major priority of federal and state governments in the U.S. As a result of healthcare reform efforts, we might become subject to future regulations or other cost-control initiatives that materially restrict the price we can receive for our current and future products. Third-party payors may also limit access and reimbursement for newly approved healthcare products generally or limit the indications for which they will reimburse providers or suppliers who use any products that we may develop. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price for any products that we may develop, which would result in lower product revenues to us. 

8

Table of Contents 

A Disruption in Healthcare Provider Networks Could Have an Adverse Effect on Operations and Profitability 
 
 Our operations and future profitability are dependent, in large part, upon the ability to contract with healthcare providers on favorable terms. In any particular service area, healthcare providers could refuse to contract with us or take other actions that could result in higher healthcare costs or create difficulties in meeting our regulatory requirements. In some service areas, certain healthcare providers may have a significant market presence. If healthcare providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate unfavorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market services or to be profitable in those service areas could be adversely affected. Provider networks could also be disrupted by the financial insolvency of a large healthcare provider group. Any disruption in provider networks could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Liquidity Problems or Bankruptcy of our Key Customers or Collaborators Could Have a Significant Adverse Effect on our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Our sales to customers are typically made on credit without collateral. There is a risk that key customers will not pay, or that payment may be delayed, because of bankruptcy, contraction of credit availability to such customers, weak sales, or other factors beyond our control, which could increase our exposure to losses from bad debts. In addition, if our key customers were to cease doing business as a result of bankruptcy or significantly reduce their orders from us, it could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, if our collaborators face liquidity problems or file for bankruptcy, they may choose to divert resources away from their continued cooperation and engagement with us or otherwise choose or be forced to reduce operations, which could also have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 
 
 We May Be Unable to Attract a Strategic Partner for the Further Development of Potential Future Product Candidates 
 
 Even if positive clinical data is eventually achieved in any future clinical trials, we may not be able to enter into strategic partnerships, licensing, or other similar arrangements that we may consider necessary or appropriate to commercialize product candidates successfully, or even have the resources necessary to seek such arrangements. Furthermore, even if such a strategic relationship regarding any of our current and future products or product candidates is reached, development milestones, clinical data, or other such benchmarks may not be achieved. Therefore, our products and product candidates may never proceed toward commercialization or drive cash infusions for us, and we may ultimately not be able to monetize the patents, existing clinical data, and other intellectual property. 
 
 Our Efforts to Secure Commercial Partners May Not Be Successful 
 
 From time to time, we may engage in discussions with larger companies regarding potential strategic partnerships involving the broad commercialization of Aurix. The resources and expertise of such a partner would greatly facilitate the capture of market share within the wound care market but would require that the economic benefits of such a broad penetration would be shared with said partner. We may not be successful in securing such a partner. Furthermore, even if a partner is secured, the partnership may not attain the market penetration contemplated, and the profits ultimately realized by us, if any, may not be sufficient to allow us to execute our business strategy. 
 
 We May Use Third-Party Collaborators and Service Providers to Help Us Support, Develop or Commercialize Our Product Candidates, and Our Ability to Commercialize Such Candidates May Be Impaired or Delayed if such Collaborations or Engagements Are Unsuccessful 
 
 We may in the future selectively pursue strategic collaborations or engagements for, among other purposes, development, data collection, analysis, and/or commercialization of our product candidates, domestically or otherwise. There can be no assurance as to our ability to utilize the data from such engagements to their potential. Nor can there be any assurance, in general, that we will be able to identify future suitable collaborators or negotiate collaboration agreements on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. In any current or future third-party collaborations, we are and would be dependent upon the success of the collaborators in performing their responsibilities and their continued cooperation and engagement. For a variety of reasons outside of our control, our collaborators or third-party providers may not cooperate with us or perform their obligations under our agreements with them. We cannot control the amount and timing of our collaborators resources that will be devoted to performing their responsibilities under our agreements with them. Our collaborators may choose to pursue alternative technologies in preference to those being developed in collaboration with us. The development and commercialization of our product candidates will be delayed if collaborators fail to conduct their responsibilities in a timely manner or in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or if they breach or terminate their collaboration agreements with us. Disputes with our collaborators could also result in product development delays, decreased revenues and litigation expenses. 
 
 If We Are Unable to Maintain and Expand Our Network of Distributors, We May Not Be Able To Generate Sales. 
 
 Our operating results are directly dependent upon the sales and marketing efforts of not only our employees, but also our independent distributors. We face significant challenges and risks in managing our geographically dispersed distribution network and retaining the individuals who make up that network. If certain of our distributors were to cease to do business with us, our sales could be adversely affected. Because of the intense competition for their services, we may be unable to recruit or retain additional qualified distributors. We may not be able to enter into agreements with them on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Failure to hire or retain qualified distributors would prevent us from maintaining or expanding our business and generating sales. 

9

Table of Contents 

Our Limited Number of Staff May Affect our Ability to Conduct our Operations and Other Functions Effectively 
 
 Our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled management, scientific and sales personnel. As of December 31, 2022, we had only ten full-time employees. Our ability to maintain and provide services to our customers and our ability to provide the necessary support as part of any collaborations depends upon our ability to hire and retain business development and scientific and technical personnel with the skills necessary to keep pace with continuing changes in regenerative biological therapy technologies. Our current liquidity situation makes it unlikely that we will be able to hire additional personnel in the immediate future. Even assuming that we can resolve our immediate liquidity concerns, competition for such personnel is intense; we compete with pharmaceutical, biotechnology and healthcare companies with greater access to resources. Our inability to hire qualified personnel may lead to higher recruiting, relocation, and compensation costs for such personnel. These increased costs may make hiring new key personnel impractical. 
 
 We Are Substantially Dependent Upon Our Executive Officers 
 
 Our success substantially depends on the continued service of key management, in particular David E. Jorden, our Chief Executive and Financial Officer, and Peter Clausen, our Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Operating Officer. We currently do not maintain key person insurance on, Mr. Jorden or Dr. Clausen. The loss of Mr. Jorden or Dr. Clausen, or other key employees or executive officers, could adversely impact our ability to continue operations unless and until a replacement is identified. 
 
 We Rely on a Single Supplier for the Reagent Used for Aurix and an Interruption in Our Supply Chain Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business 
 
 A reagent used for our Aurix product, bovine thrombin (Thrombin JMI), is available exclusively through Pfizer. Pfizer may unilaterally raise the prices for the reagent. If a temporary or permanent interruption in the supply of the reagent were to occur, or the manufacturing costs charged by Pfizer exceed what we can reasonably afford, we would have to seek alternative sources of supply. There is no assurance we would be able to identify a suitable second source of supply or do so without significant delay. Despite our efforts to maintain an adequate supply of inventory, the loss of Pfizer, or its inability to provide us with an adequate supply of a reagent, could cause delay in the manufacture of our product, thereby impairing our ability to meet the demand of our customers and causing significant harm to our business. Any disruption of this nature or increased expense could harm our commercialization efforts and adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We Could Be Affected by Malpractice or Product Liability Claims 
 
 Providing medical care entails an inherent risk of professional malpractice and other claims. We do not control or direct the practice of medicine by physicians or health care providers who use our product and do not assume responsibility for compliance with regulatory and other requirements directly applicable to physicians. There is no assurance that claims, suits, or complaints relating to the use of our products, and treatment administered by physicians, will not be asserted against us in the future. The production, marketing and sale, and use of our product entails risks that product liability claims will be asserted against us. These risks cannot be eliminated, and we could be held liable for any damages that result from adverse reactions or infectious disease transmission. Such liability could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We currently maintain professional and product liability insurance coverage, but the coverage limits of this insurance may not be adequate to protect against all potential claims. We may not be able to obtain or maintain professional and product liability insurance in the future on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities. 
 
 Our Product Has Existing Competition in the Marketplace and We May Not Be Able to Compete Effectively. 
 
 In the market for biotechnology products, we face competition from pharmaceutical companies, biopharmaceutical companies, medical device companies, and other competitors. The chronic wound market has many therapies that compete with Aurix that have established habitual use patterns and provider contracts to encourage standardized use. Furthermore, other companies have developed or are developing products that could be in direct future competition with our current product line. Biotechnology development projects are characterized by intense competition. Thus, we may not be the first to the market with any newly developed products and we may not successfully be able to market these products. If we are not able to participate and compete in the regenerative biological therapy market, our financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to compete effectively against such companies in the future. Many of these companies have substantially greater capital resources, larger marketing staffs and more experience in commercializing products than we do. Recently developed technologies, or technologies that may be developed in the future, may be the basis for developments that will compete with our current and future products. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulations 
 
 Our Product Is Subject to Governmental Regulation 
 
 Our success is also impacted by factors outside of our control. Our current technology and products are subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the U.S., both federal and state, and in foreign countries by various regulatory agencies. Specifically, our product is subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and state regulatory agencies. The FDA regulates drugs, medical devices, and biologics that move in interstate commerce and requires that such products receive clearance or pre-marketing approval based on evidence of safety and efficacy. The regulations of government health ministries in foreign countries are analogous to those of the FDA in both application and scope. In addition, any change in current regulatory interpretations by, or the positions of, state regulatory officials where our product is used could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our product in those states. The FDA will require us to obtain clearance or approval of new or modified devices when used for treating specific wounds or marketed with specific wound-healing claims, or for other products under development. 

10

Table of Contents 

We believe our current product for sale is legally marketed. As we expand and offer and/or develop additional products in the U.S. and in foreign countries, clearance or approval from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities prior to introduction of any such products into the market may be required. We provide no assurance that we will be able to obtain all necessary approvals from the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities in foreign countries for these products. Failure to obtain the required approvals would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Compliance with FDA and other governmental requirements imposes significant costs and expenses. Further, our failure to comply with these requirements could result in sanctions, limitations on promotional or other business activities, or other adverse effects on our business. Further, recent efforts to control healthcare costs could negatively affect demand for our current and future products and services. 
 
 We Must Comply With the Physician Payment Sunshine Act 
 
 We are required to comply with the United States Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, medical devices, biologicals, and medical supplies that participate in U.S. federal healthcare programs to report certain payments and items of value given to physicians and teaching hospitals. Manufacturers are required to report this information annually to CMS. Manufacturers are required to report aggregate payment data to CMS by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year. We cannot assure you that we will collect and report all data timely and accurately. If we fail to accurately and timely report this information, we could suffer severe penalties. 
 
 Any applicable manufacturer that fails to timely, accurately, or completely report the information required in accordance with the rules of the Sunshine Act is subject to a civil monetary penalty of not less than 1,000, but not more than 10,000, for each payment or other transfer of value or ownership or investment interest not reported timely, accurately, or completely (up to 150,000). For knowing failures to report, the penalties increase to not less than 10,000, but not more than 100,000, for each such failure (up to 1,000,000). The amount of civil monetary penalties imposed on each applicable manufacturer or applicable group purchasing organization is aggregated separately. Subject to separate aggregate totals, the maximum combined annual total is 1,150,000. 
 
 Several of the U.S. states have parallel reporting laws, sometimes accompanied with gift bans prohibiting manufacturers from making gifts or other remunerations to prescribers. Massachusetts and Vermont are two such states. There are various penalties associated with noncompliance with the state laws, as well. 
 
 Legislative and Administrative Action May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Company 
 
 Political, economic, and regulatory influences are subjecting the health care industry in the U.S. to fundamental change. We cannot predict what other legislation relating to our business or to the health care industry may be enacted, including legislation relating to third-party reimbursement, or what effect such legislation may have on our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. We expect federal and state legislators to continue to review and assess alternative health care delivery and payment systems, and possibly adopt legislation affecting further changes in the health care delivery system. Such laws may contain provisions that may change the operating environment for hospitals and managed care organizations. Health care industry participants may react to such legislation by curtailing or deferring expenditures and initiatives, including those relating to our current and future products. Future legislation could result in modifications to the existing public and private health care insurance systems that would have a material adverse effect on the reimbursement policies discussed above. With growing pressures on government budgets, government efforts to contain or reduce health care spending in some way or another are likely to continue. Any measures to restrict health care spending could result in decreased revenue from products and decrease potential returns from any future research and development initiatives. Furthermore, we may not be able to successfully neutralize any lobbying efforts against any initiatives we may have with governmental agencies. In addition to legislative initiatives, we may be subject to changes in current regulations and policies affecting coverage and reimbursement for our current and future products. Administrative agencies such as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services have broad discretion to adopt or modify polices through rulemaking, and adoption of rules that curtail access to our products or limit reimbursement could have a material adverse effect on the adoption of our current and future products by health care providers, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Failure to Obtain Regulatory Approval in International Jurisdictions Would Prevent Us from Marketing Our Product Abroad 
 
 We may in the future seek to market some of our product candidates outside the U.S. In order to market our product candidates in the European Union and many other jurisdictions, we must submit clinical data concerning our product candidates and obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval from foreign regulators may be longer than the time required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the U.S. may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the U.S., it is required that the product candidate be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. In some cases, this may include approval of the price we intend to charge for our product, if approved. We may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the U.S. on a timely basis, or at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the U.S. does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively affect the regulatory process in other countries. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize any products in any market and therefore may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to support our business. 

11

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Cyber-Security 
 
 Our Intellectual Property Assets Are Critical to Our Success 
 
 We regard our trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property assets as critical to our success. We rely on a combination of trademarks, and trade secret and copyright laws, as well as confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions, and other similar measures, to establish and protect our intellectual property. We attempt to prevent disclosure of our trade secrets by restricting access to sensitive information and requiring employees, consultants, and other persons with access to our sensitive information to sign confidentiality agreements. Despite these efforts, we may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our technology or deter others from developing similar technology in the future. Furthermore, policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property assets is difficult and expensive. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. We can provide no assurance that we will be successful in any litigation matter relating to our intellectual property assets. Any misappropriation of our intellectual property assets could have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase sales of our commercial product and/or continue the development of any future pipeline candidates. 
 
 If We Are Unable to Protect the Confidentiality of Our Proprietary Information and Know-how, Our Competitive Position Would be Impaired 
 
 A significant amount of our technology, especially regarding manufacturing processes, is unpatented and is maintained by us as trade secrets. The background technologies used in the development of our product candidates are known in the scientific community, and it is possible to duplicate the methods we use to create our product candidates. In an effort to protect these trade secrets, we require our employees, consultants and contractors to execute confidentiality agreements with us. These agreements require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual s relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements, however, may not provide us with adequate protection against improper use or disclosure of confidential information, and these agreements may be breached. Adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information. A breach of confidentiality could affect our competitive position. In addition, in some situations, these agreements may conflict with, or be subject to, the rights of third parties with whom our employees, consultants, collaborators or advisors have previous employment or consulting relationships. Also, others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. The disclosure of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position. 
 
 If We Infringe, or Are Alleged to Infringe, Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties, Our Business Could be Harmed 
 
 Our research, development, and commercialization activities, including any product candidates resulting from these activities, may infringe, or be claimed to infringe, patents or other proprietary rights owned by third parties, and to which we do not hold licenses or other rights. There may be patent applications owned by third parties that have been filed but not published that, when issued, could be asserted against us. These third parties could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. 
 
 Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of the product or product candidate that is the subject of the suit. We have not conducted an exhaustive search or analysis of third-party patent rights to determine whether our research, development, or commercialization activities, including any product candidates resulting from these activities, may infringe or be alleged to infringe any third-party patent rights. As a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or in order to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license from the third party. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the licensee would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. 
 
 Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. All of the issues described above could also affect our potential collaborators to the extent we have any collaborations then in place, which would also affect the success of the collaboration and therefore us. There has been substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. In addition to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent litigation and other proceedings, including inter partes review and/or interference proceedings declared by the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office, regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology. 

12

Table of Contents 

Our Business May Be Adversely Impacted by Cybersecurity Attacks 
 
 Disruption in our computer systems could adversely affect our business. We rely on computer systems to process transactions, communicate with customers, manage our business, and process and maintain information. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and disruptions can be caused by a variety of events, such as viruses, malicious malware, unauthorized access attempts to data, or other types of cybersecurity attacks. Such events could produce disruptions that result in an unexpected delay in operations, loss of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and expenses related to the repair or replacement of our computer systems. Compromising and/or loss of information could result in loss of sales or legal or regulatory claims which could adversely affect our revenues and profits or damage our reputation. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 A Retail Trading Market for Our Common Stock May Not Actively Develop. 
 
 Shares of our common stock currently resumed trading on the OTCQB on August 22, 2022. Prior to then, due to a prior lack of current and publicly available information about the Company, trading in shares of our common stock was eligible only for unsolicited quotes on the Expert Market of the OTC Markets Group. Because quotations in Expert Market securities are restricted from public viewing, the designation severely limits the number of buyers of, and effectively prevents the development of an active trading market in, designated securities. Even though shares of our common stock now trade on the OTCQB, there can be no assurance as to whether OTC Markets Group will continue to enable shares of our common stock to be quoted on a retail market or whether shares of our common stock can successfully be traded on other trading platforms. As a result, any limited trading of shares of our common stock subject to having a higher risk of wider spreads, increased volatility, and price dislocations. 
 
 Trading on an Over-the-Counter Market Could Adversely Affect the Liquidity of Our Common Stock. 
 
 Trading in our common stock on the OTCQB since August 22, 2022 has been very limited and we cannot make any assurances that the trading volume will increase, or, if and when it increases, that it will be sustained at any level. Over-the-counter markets are generally considered to be less efficient than, and not as broad as, a stock exchange. Stockholders may have difficulties reselling significant numbers of shares of common stock at any particular time and may not be able to resell their shares of common stock at or above the price paid for such shares. As a result, stockholders may be required to hold shares of common stock for an indefinite period of time. In addition, sales of substantial amounts of common stock could lower the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 
 U.S. Broker-Dealers May Be Discouraged from Effecting Transactions in Shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 Our Common Stock may be deemed a penny stock under SEC rules. As a result, trading in our common stock may be subject to the requirements of SEC rules that require additional disclosure by broker-dealers in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock (generally, any non-exchange listed equity security that has a market price share of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions) and a two business day cooling off period before broker and dealers can effect transactions in penny stocks. For these types of transactions, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction before the sale. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to the broker-dealer, current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. These, and the other burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by the penny stock requirements, could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of holders of our common stock to sell it. 
 
 The Compliance and Reporting Requirements of Being a Public Reporting Company Can Be Expensive. 
 
 We are a public reporting company and, accordingly, are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and other federal securities laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders is costly. In addition, we may face time consuming and costly effects to develop and implement internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

13

Table of Contents 

Our Officers, Directors and Principal Stockholders Can Exert Significant Influence Over Us and May Make Decisions That Are Not in the Best Interests of All Stockholders 
 
 As of March 15, 2022, our officers and directors beneficially owned approximately 20.8 of our shares of common stock, while three other principal stockholders beneficially owned in the aggregate an additional approximately 44.5 of our shares of common stock. As a result, our officers, directors, and certain principal holders of common stock are able to affect the outcome of, or exert significant influence over, all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors. This concentration of ownership of our common stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us or otherwise discouraging or preventing a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us. This, in turn, could have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock, if and when it commences trading. It could also prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over the market prices for their shares of common stock. Moreover, the interests of this concentration of ownership may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders, and accordingly, they could cause us to enter into transactions or agreements that we would not otherwise consider. 
 
 Transactions Engaged in by Our Largest Stockholders, Our Directors or Officers Involving Our Common Stock May Have an Adverse Effect on the Value of Our Common Stock 
 
 Sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and principal stockholders could have the effect of lowering the price or value of our common stock. The perceived risk associated with the possible sale of a large number of shares of common stock by those stockholders could cause some of our stockholders to sell their stock, thus adversely affecting the value of our common. Our largest stockholders, directors and executive officers may sell a significant number of shares for a variety of reasons unrelated to the performance of our business. Our stockholders may perceive these sales as a reflection on management s view of the business, which may result in some stockholders selling their shares of our common stock. These sales also could adversely affect the value of our common stock . 
 
 Volatility of Our Stock Price Could Adversely Affect Current and Future Stockholders 
 
 The market price of our common stock is likely to fluctuate widely in response to various factors which are beyond our control. The price of our common stock is not necessarily indicative of our operating performance or long-term business prospects. In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Factors that could cause the market price to fluctuate substantially include, among others: 

our ability or inability to execute our business plan; 

the dilutive effect or perceived dilutive effect of additional equity financings; 

investor perception of our company and of the industry; 

the success of competitive products or technologies; 

regulatory developments in the U.S. or overseas; 

developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; or 

general economic, political and market conditions. 

The stock market in general can often experience extreme price and volume fluctuations. Any such market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility in the price of our common stock, which could cause a decline in the value of our common stock. Price volatility could be worse if the trading volume of our common stock is low. 

14

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located in a leased space at 8285 El Rio Street, Suite 190, Houston, TX 77054. We also lease commercial office space at 6646 Willow Park Drive, Naples, FL 34109. 
 
 The Company does not own any real property and does not intend to invest in any real property in the foreseeable future. 
 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 There are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

15

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Shares of our common stock trade on the OTCQB tier of the over-the counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol AURX . Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission, and may not necessarily reflect actual transactions. 
 
 Holders 
 
 According to information provided by the transfer agent of the Company, there were approximately 800 holders of record of our common stock as of March 15, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never paid or declared cash distributions or dividends in our history and we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all earnings, if and when generated, for reinvestment in our business. 
 
 Penny Stock 
 
 The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Our common stock may be deemed a penny stock. The definition of penny stock under SEC rules generally includes equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, deliver a standardized risk disclosure document, which generally: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; and (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks. The broker-dealer also must provide to the customer, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for shares of our common stock. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 6. [ Reserved ] 

16

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The discussion in this section regarding the Company s business and operations includes forward-looking statements . See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Annual Report. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Nuo is a regenerative therapies company developing and marketing products primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness the regenerative capacity of the human body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (i.e., from self or the patient s own) biological therapies for tissue repair and regeneration is part of a transformative clinical strategy designed to improve long term recovery in complex chronic conditions with significant unmet medical needs. 
 
 Our only current commercial offering consists of a point of care technology for the safe and effective separation of autologous blood to produce a platelet-based therapy for the chronic wound care market (the "Aurix System"). The Company ceased normal operating activities effective May 1, 2019 as it awaited developments concerning Medicare coverage of the Aurix System under its National Coverage Decision NCD reconsideration request. Product sales were reinitiated in mid-2022 after the favorable NCD determination was issued in April 2021, the Aurix System supply chain was re-established and equity capital was accessed in December 2021 via the early exercise of warrants under a warrant modification agreement. 
 
 The revenue amounts presented in these comparison sections are rounded to the nearest thousand. 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 112,000 with approximately 93,000 of associated gross profit and a resulting gross margin of approximately 83 . Re-initiation of commercial activity for the Aurix product began in May 2022 as saleable product inventory became available at the Company s warehouse/distribution facility. There were no revenues in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Total operating expenses increased approximately by 3,323,000 to approximately 3,414,000 comparing the year ended December 31, 2022 to the prior full year 2021 period. The increase from the nominal expense level in the prior year was due to expenses associated with the business returning to commercial status as an operating business in 2022 including renewed commercial sales activities that began in May 2022. Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily composed of (i) approximately 1,700,000 of compensation and benefits expense, (ii) approximately 729,000 of external consulting costs and professional fees including accounting and audit, legal fees, and quality management system consulting costs and (iii) approximately 616,000 of various other operating expenses including sales infrastructure, marketing costs, external distributor commissions, and sales/reimbursement consulting expenses of approximately 255,000, insurance expense of approximately 134,000, operating lease costs of approximately 128,000, and travel related expenses of approximately 99,000. 
 
 Interest Expense, net 
 
 Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately 2,000 represents interest expense from the financing of insurance premiums. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily represents the gain of approximately 146,000 realized from the negotiated settlement of legacy accounts payable with third-party vendors including the full release of any ongoing payment liability. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 2.1 million, total current assets of approximately 2.6 million and total current liabilities of approximately 0.6 million. As an operational business, we have a history of losses and are not currently profitable. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of approximately 3.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively. As a consequence of a deemed dividend (contribution) in 2021, we had a net loss available for common stockholders of approximately 0.9 million in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit was approximately 26.8 million and our stockholders equity was approximately 2.2 million. 

17

Table of Contents 

We sold 3,957,757 shares of common stock to certain accredited investors pursuant to Security Purchase Agreements in two private placements which closed on April 29 and May 18, 2022 for proceeds of 3,957,757. 
 
 On August 24, 2022, we entered into a Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement with Pacific Medical, Inc. Pacific Med for the sale and issuance of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock. Pursuant to the Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, Pacific Med purchased 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock for 500,000 in September 2022. As part of the Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, we agreed to grant to Pacific Med the right to participate in any future financing through December 31, 2023 (the Participation Rights in connection with a listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange. The Participation Rights entitle Pacific Med to purchase up to 500,000 shares of common stock upon substantially the same terms, conditions, and price provided for in such financing. If such a financing does not occur by December 31, 2023, the Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement provides that we will issue Pacific Med a warrant with a January 1, 2024 issuance date and exercisable until June 30, 2024 to purchase up to 500,000 shares of common stock at a price equal to the lower of 2.00 per share or the 20-day volume weighted average closing price per share ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 Our continuing losses and limited cash resources raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and we need to raise substantial additional funds in order to continue to conduct our business. If we are unable to secure sufficient capital to fund our operating activities, we may be forced to delay further the completion of, or significantly reduce the scope of, our current business plan. It is uncertain whether we will be able to obtain such financing on satisfactory terms or at all. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain additional capital as required to finance our efforts, through equity or debt financing or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, any such financing, if at all obtained, may not be adequate to meet our capital needs and to support our operations. 
 
 We maintain our cash deposits primarily in financial institutions, which may at times exceed amounts covered by insurance provided by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). We have not experienced any losses related to amounts in excess of FDIC limits. 
 
 Financing and Related Developments During the Years 2019 through 2021 
 
 Spring 2019 Cessation of Normal Operating Activities 
 
 In April 2019, the Company made the decision to cease normal operational activities and we furloughed the Company s remaining employees effective May 1, 2019. This decision was necessitated by the depletion of the Company s resources during the conduct of the CED studies being undertaken to pursue Medicare reimbursement coverage for the Aurix System. In the spring of 2019, we had collected clinical outcomes and analyzed the data from the subjects involved in the CED studies and were engaged in discussions with CMS concerning the adequacy of the results and a NCD reconsideration request. 
 
 On December 10, 2019, the Company entered into fifth and final amendments to the 2018 Convertible Notes pursuant to which the Company s obligations under such notes were to be extinguished in their entirety upon receipt by each Convertible Note Investor of (i) a cash payment of 110,000 and (ii) 175,000 unrestricted shares of the Company s common stock no later than February 10, 2020. The Company made the required cash payments totaling 220,000 on December 10, 2019 and issued the common shares as of February 5, 2020 in final settlement of the 2018 Convertible Notes. 
 
 Senior Secured Note Issuance 
 
 On November 15, 2019 and December 6, 2019, the Company entered into note purchase agreements with certain individual accredited investors (the Senior Note Investors for the issuance and sale to the Investors of 12 senior secured promissory notes (the Senor Notes ), in the aggregate principal amount of 305,000 with an overall 500,000 cap under the note purchase agreements. Pursuant to the purchase agreements, the Company also issued to the Senior Note Investors warrants exercisable to purchase an aggregate 457,500 shares of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment as referenced below. 
 
 In conjunction with the note issuance, the Company granted a first-priority security interest in all the assets of the Company but fundamentally consisting of the Aurix System asset including all regulatory files and approvals and relevant intellectual property. The purchase agreements contained certain representations, warranties and covenants by, among and for the benefit of the respective parties. The purchase agreements also provided for customary indemnification of the Senior Note Investors by the Company. 
 
 The notes had a maturity date of June 30, 2020 and accrued interest at a rate of 12 per year. The Company could prepay the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time. The warrants were exercisable at any time, at an exercise price per share equal to 0.40, subject to certain adjustments and price protection provisions (including full ratchet anti-dilution protection) contained in the warrants. The warrants had five-year terms. 

18

Table of Contents 

The use of proceeds from the Notes beyond the initial 50,000 and up to an estimated aggregate amount of 270,000 (for the sake of clarity, such aggregate amount is not deemed to include the initial 50,000) was specifically dedicated to payment to the Convertible Note Investors, in a final amount to be agreed between the Company and the Convertible Note Investors such that the 2018 Convertible Notes were considered retired and no longer in effect. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement 
 
 On October 5, 2020 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into a Recapitalization Agreement (the Recap Agreement) with Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P. DPDF and Deerfield PDI Financing II, L.P. DPF and, together with DPDF, the Deerfield Investors and the Noteholders, whereby the shares of Series A preferred stock held by the Deerfield Investors were exchanged for 2,700,000 shares of common stock (the Exchange Shares of the Company. The Senior Note Investors agreed to the conversion of the 305,000 principal balance of the Notes plus accrued interest through September 30, 2020 of approximately 30,400 into an aggregate 838,487 shares of common stock (the Conversion Shares of the Company at a conversion price of 0.40 per share, plus the purchase, for cash, of 487,500 shares of common stock (the Purchase Shares at 0.40 per share, or 195,000 in total. On the Effective Date, all shares of Series A preferred stock and Senior Notes were cancelled in full. 
 
 Pursuant to the Recap Agreement, the Company also issued to the Senior Note Investors warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,977,961 shares of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment as referenced below. The warrants were exercisable at any time, at an exercise price per share equal to 0.40, subject to certain adjustments and price protection provisions (including full ratchet anti-dilution protection) contained in the warrants. The warrants had five-year terms. The warrants to purchase 457,500 shares of common stock issued to the Noteholders upon the original 2019 issuance of the Notes were canceled. 
 
 Warrant Modification Agreement and Early Warrant Exercise 
 
 Effective as of December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Warrant Modification Agreement with the holders of an aggregate 6,865,461 Warrants (the Warrant Investors whereby the Warrants were modified to adjust the warrant exercise price from 0.40 per share to 0.20 per share provided the Investor exercised the warrant prior to January 31, 2022. All Warrants not exercised prior to January 31, 2022 were to be forfeited and deemed expired or otherwise cancelled. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, all Warrants had been exercised for total consideration of 1,373,092 and the resulting issuance of 6,865,461 shares of common stock. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities for the periods presented were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Cash flows used in operating activities 

(3,706,126) 

(119,955) 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

(59,992) 

- 

Cash flow provided by financing activities 

4,457,757 

1,373,092 

Operating Activities 
 
 Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately 3.7 million primarily reflects our net loss of approximately 3.2 million adjusted by i) a non-cash gain of approximately 0.1 million from the negotiated settlement of legacy accounts payable obligations, ii) approximately 0.1 million in total amortization of right of use assets, property and equipment depreciation, and stock-based compensation and iii) approximately 0.5 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. 
 
 Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 0.1 million primarily reflects our net loss of 0.1 million. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 We had limited investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaling approximately 60,000. We had no investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

19

Table of Contents 

Financing Activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects (i) approximately 4.0 million of proceeds raised from the sale of 3,957,757 shares of common stock in two private placements closed in April and May 2022 and (ii) 0.5 million of proceeds from the Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement with Pacific Medical, Inc. in September 2022. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 1.4 million represents proceeds from the early exercise of warrants in December 2021. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 The Company does not believe that inflation has had a material effect on its operations. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. A summary of our significant accounting policies is included in Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 A critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that requires management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. Such judgments are often the result of a need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We have identified the following accounting policies as critical: 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In the accompanying consolidated financial statements, estimates are used for, but not limited to, stock-based compensation, recoverability and depreciable lives of long-lived assets, deferred taxes and associated valuation allowance, and allowances for inventory obsolescence and doubtful accounts. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 We analyze our revenue arrangements to determine the appropriate revenue recognition using the following steps: (i) identification of contracts with customers; (ii) identification of distinct performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determination of contract transaction price; (iv) allocation of contract transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) determination of revenue recognition based on timing of satisfaction of the performance obligation. We recognizes revenues upon the satisfaction of its performance obligations (upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers) in an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
 
 We provide for the sale of our products, including disposable processing sets and supplies to customers. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized upon shipment of products to the customers. We do not maintain a reserve for returned products, as in the past those returns have not been material and are not expected to be material in the future. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 We recognize expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the fair value of all stock-based compensation to key employees, nonemployee directors and advisors, generally in the form of stock options and stock awards. We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to estimate the fair value of stock options on the grant date. Compensation cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for each respective award. We account for any forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Share 
 
 In periods of net loss, basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. In periods of net loss, diluted loss per share is calculated similarly to basic loss per share because the impact of all potential dilutive common shares is anti-dilutive. 
 
 For periods of net income, diluted earnings per share is computed using the more dilutive of the treasury method or two class method. Dilutive earnings per share under the treasury method is calculated by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted- average number of shares outstanding plus the dilutive impact of all potential dilutive common shares, consisting primarily of common shares underlying common stock options and stock purchase warrants using the treasury stock method, and convertible notes using the if-converted method. Because none of the Company s equity-linked financial instruments contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends, the two class method results in the same diluted earnings per share as the treasury method. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Our consolidated balance sheets include certain financial instruments that are carried at fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability assuming an orderly transaction in the most advantageous market at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets; 

Level 2, defined as observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and 

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. 

20

Table of Contents 

An asset or liability s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. At each reporting period, we perform a detailed analysis of our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. All assets and liabilities for which the fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs or instruments which trade infrequently and therefore have little or no price transparency are classified as Level 3. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 The Company does not believe that any recently issued effective standards, or standards issued but not yet effective, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The information required pursuant to this Item 8 is incorporated by reference herein to our consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as set forth in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, we concluded that, as of such dates, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence of the material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting described below under Material Weaknesses and Remediation Plan. 
 
 Notwithstanding the conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K were not effective, and notwithstanding the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, management believes that the consolidated financial statements and related financial information included in this Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates presented, and for the periods ended on such dates, in conformity with GAAP. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 
 Our management conducted an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as set forth in Item 308(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act and Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as of the end of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective due to the continuing material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below under Material Weaknesses and Remediation Plan. 

21

Table of Contents 

Material Weaknesses 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the preparation of this Form 10-K and the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures herein, management identified the following material weaknesses. 
 
 Beginning in mid-2019, we ceased ongoing operational activities and terminated all our financial accounting and reporting resources as we worked to reach a favorable outcome to Medicare reimbursement coverage for the Aurix System. When we re-started commercial operations in 2022 and as disclosed in our prior year Annual Report, the Company had not hired and did not maintain a sufficient complement of accounting and financial reporting resources. The lack of sufficient accounting and financial reporting resources also prevented the Company from maintaining appropriately designed, and monitoring the effectiveness of, internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Remediation Plan 
 
 In 2022, the Company engaged outside consultants to assist with various accounting and financial reporting matters and will continue assessing the need for hiring of additional internal accounting and and third-party financial reporting resources. As additional financial resources are obtained and we increase our operating activity, management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, will begin to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the identified material weaknesses, namely, to identify and engage, through internal hiring and the use of external third parties, a sufficient complement of accounting and financial reporting resources and to periodically assess the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls. 
 
 While we believe that these efforts will improve our internal control over financial reporting, the implementation of these measures is ongoing and will require validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or that we may take in the future, will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

22

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 Set forth below is information regarding the directors and executive officers of the Company. Officers are appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

David E. Jorden 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer; Director 

C. Eric Winzer 
 
 66 
 
 Independent Director 

Scott M. Pittman 
 
 64 
 
 Independent Director 

Paul D. Mintz, MD 
 
 74 
 
 Independent Director 

Peter A. Clausen 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

David E. Jorden has been Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since July 1, 2016 after serving as Acting Chief Executive Officer effective January 8, 2016 and Acting Chief Financial Officer effective May 2015. Mr. Jorden also serves as Secretary of the Company. He has served as a director since October 2008. Mr. Jorden is also presently serving since June 2013 as Chief Executive Officer for Nanospectra Biosciences, Inc., a private company developing nanoparticle directed photothermal ablation technology of solid tumors. From 2003 to 2008, he was with Morgan Stanley s Private Wealth Management group where he was responsible for equity portfolio management. Prior to Morgan Stanley, Mr. Jorden served as Chief Financial Officer for Genometrix, Inc., a private genomics/life sciences company focused on high-throughput microarray applications. Mr. Jorden was previously a principal with Fayez Sarofim Co. Mr. Jorden has a MBA from Northwestern University s Kellogg School and a B.B.A. from University of Texas at Austin. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst and previously held a Certified Public Accountant designation. 
 
 Mr. Jorden was chosen to serve on the Board in part because of his extensive financial experience, particularly in the life sciences industry. As our current Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, he provides the Board with critical insight into the day-to-day operations of the Company. 
 
 C. Eric Winzer has served as director since January 30, 2009. Mr. Winzer has over 30 years of experience in addressing diverse financial issues including raising capital, financial reporting, investor relations, banking, taxation, mergers and acquisitions, financial planning and analysis, and accounting operations. Mr. Winzer has been the Chief Financial Officer at Immunomic Therapeutics, Inc., a privately-held clinical stage biotechnology company, since May 2015. From June 2009 to April 2015 Mr. Winzer served as the Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President of Finance, and Chief Financial Officer for OpGen Inc. (OPGN), a precision medicine company that went public in May 2015. Before his tenure with OpGen Inc., Mr. Winzer held multiple executive positions at Avalon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AVRX) including serving as its Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer, and Secretary. Before joining Avalon Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Winzer held numerous senior financial positions over twenty years at Life Technologies Corporation (LIFE) (now part of Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO)) and its predecessor companies, Invitrogen (IVGN) and Life Technologies, Inc. (LTEK). From 1980 to 1986, Mr. Winzer held various financial positions at Genex Corporation. Mr. Winzer holds a B.A. in Economics and Business Administration from Western Maryland College (now McDaniel College) and an M.B.A. from Mount Saint Mary's University. 
 
 Mr. Winzer was chosen to serve as a director of the Company in part because of his executive experience in the life sciences industry and his substantial financial knowledge and expertise. 
 
 Scott M. Pittman has served as a director since May 5, 2016. Mr. Pittman has over 30 years in hospital executive management. Since 2014, he has served in operational and business development roles for, and currently is Senior Vice President of, Buchanan General Hospital. Since 2010, he has been a Registered Representative with Calton Associates. From 2001 to 2009, he was a hospital CEO with Adventist Health Systems. During 1989 to 2001, he was a hospital executive and system COO for Princeton Community Hospital Assoc. Mr. Pittman has developed several multi-million-dollar hospital and program service expansions, healthcare entity acquisitions and mergers, and served on state and regional health planning organizations. He is a magna cum laude graduate of Southwestern Adventist University with B.A. and B.S. Degrees in Business and Finance, and a Masters of Hospital Administration from Medical College of Virginia. 
 
 Mr. Pittman was chosen to serve as a director of the Company in part because of his extensive experience as a hospital administration executive. 

23

Table of Contents 

Paul D. Mintz, MD has served as a director since April 7, 2017. Dr. Mintz is the Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Verax Biomedical, Inc., or Verax Biomedical. Prior to joining Verax Biomedical in early 2016, Dr. Mintz served as Director, Division of Hematology Clinical Review, Office of Blood Research and Review, Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration from 2011 to 2016. Prior to that, for more than 30 years, Dr. Mintz was a member of the faculty of the University of Virginia, School of Medicine, where he was a tenured Professor of Pathology and Internal Medicine. He also served as Vice-Chair of Pathology and Chief of the Division of Clinical Pathology, and as Medical Director of the Clinical Laboratories and Transfusion Medicine Services at the University of Virginia Health System. In addition, Dr. Mintz served as Co-Medical Director of Virginia Blood Services. He served as a director of Immucor, Inc. (BLUD) from 2009 to 2011. Dr. Mintz is a former President of the American Association of Blood Banks (now the Association for the Advancement of Blood and Biotherapies), or AABB, served on AABB s Board of Directors for nine years, and chaired and was a member of numerous AABB committees. He has also served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the National Blood Foundation. A recipient of a Transfusion Medicine Academic Award from the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, Dr. Mintz was an inaugural inductee into the National Blood Foundation Hall of Fame. He has served as a member of the Medicare Coverage Advisory Committee of CMS. Dr. Mintz is author or co-author of more than 100 articles and editorials spanning clinical practice, blood safety and the evaluation of new transfusion medicine technologies and has designed and served as principal investigator for numerous clinical trials. He is the sole editor of all three editions of Transfusion Therapy: Clinical Principles and Practice (AABB Press) and has served on several journal editorial boards. Dr. Mintz earned his BA with High Distinction in Philosophy from the University of Rochester and received his MD with Honors from the University of Rochester, School of Medicine. 
 
 Dr. Mintz was chosen to serve as a director of the Company based in part on his recognized expertise in clinical practice, his extensive involvement in transfusion medicine, transfusion-related clinical trials, and regulatory leadership experience. 
 
 Peter A. Clausen has been our Chief Scientific Officer as well as our Chief Operating Officer since January 1, 2022. He previously was appointed as the Chief Scientific Officer on March 30, 2014 and served in that position until December 31, 2019. He originally joined the Company in September 2008 and has more than 20 years of experience in the biotechnology industry. Dr. Clausen served as a Senior Product manager within the orthobiologics division at Arthrex Inc. from March 2020 to October 2021 where he was responsible for the development and launch of autologous biologics used to treat inflammatory mediated connective tissue disease. Prior to originally joining the Company, he was a founding member and Vice President of Research and Development at Marligen Bioscience, where he developed and commercialized innovative genomic and protein analysis products for the life sciences market. Dr. Clausen was the Manager of New Purification Technologies at Life Technologies and the Invitrogen Corporation. He also has significant experience within the commercial biotechnology industry developing peptide and small molecule therapeutics for application in the areas of inflammatory mediated disease and stem cell transplantation. He completed his post-doctoral training at the Laboratory of Molecular Oncology at the National Cancer Institute where his research efforts focused in the areas of oncology, hematopoiesis, and gene therapy. Dr. Clausen earned Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Rush University in Chicago and a Bachelor of Science degree in Biochemistry from Beloit College. 
 
 There are no family relationships between any of the Company s executive officers or directors and, other than as disclosed above, there are no arrangements or understandings between a director and any other person pursuant to which such person was elected as director. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 Each director holds office for the term for which he or she is elected or until his or her successor is duly elected. The Company has not made any material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors of the Company since 2022. 
 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 The Board has established an Audit Committee in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee currently is comprised of Mr. Winzer, Dr. Mintz, and Mr. Pittman. The Board has determined that Mr. Winzer is independent and is an audit committee financial expert as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company applies Nasdaq Stock Market corporate governance requirements and standards in determining director and Audit Committee independence. 
 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 
 The Board has adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics applicable to all directors, officers, and employees in accordance with Item 406 of Regulation S-K. A copy of this Code of Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.nuot.com. 
 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of equity securities to, within specified time periods, file certain reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. 

24

Table of Contents 

Based solely on a review of the Section 16 reports filed electronically with the SEC and written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) reports required to be filed by its officers, directors, and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were timely filed, except that a report covering two transactions on one date was filed late by Mr. Jorden, a report covering two transactions on one date was filed late by Mr. Winzer, a report covering a total of two transactions on one date was filed late by Mr. Pittman, a report covering two transactions on one date was filed late by Dr. Mintz, and the initial statement of beneficial ownership and two reports each covering one transaction was filed late by Dr. Clausen. 
 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 This following table presents information regarding compensation paid to our named executive officers during the years 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 

Bonus 

Option and Equity Awards (1) 

All Other Compen- sation 

Total 

David E. Jorden 
 
 2022 

168,750 
 (2) 

- 

1,786 
 (3) 

170,536 

Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Peter A. Clausen 
 
 2022 

210,000 
 (5) 

- 

3,247 
 (6) 

- 

213,247 

Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Operating Officer (4) 
 
 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1) 
 Represents the grant date fair value of the common stock options issued during the fiscal year indicated, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The warrant fair value was estimated using the assumptions detailed in Note 3 - Liquidity and Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. The fair value of the common stock issued was based on the trading price of the stock on the date of issuance. 

(2) 
 Effective April 1, 2022, the Board established Mr. Jorden s annual salary as 225,000. Previously, effective April 30, 2019, Mr. Jorden's salary had been eliminated as the Company ceased operational status. 

(3) 
 On March 4, 2022, Mr. Jorden was granted 125,000 immediately exercisable options at an exercise price of 0.75. 

(4) 
 Dr. Clausen was reappointed as our Chief Scientific Officer as well as our Chief Operating Officer effective January 1, 2022. 

(5) 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Board established Dr. Clausen s paid annual salary as 180,000 and subsequently adjusted his annual salary to 225,000 effective May 1, 2022. 

(6) 
 On March 4, 2022, Dr. Clausen was granted 275,000 options at an exercise price of 0.75 of which one-third were immediately exercisable and the balance vesting quarterly over 3 years. 

Employment Agreements 
 
 On May 9, 2022, the Company entered into an employment agreement effective April 1, 2022 with David Jorden, the Company s Chief Executive and Financial Officer. The employment agreement provides for a base salary to Mr. Jorden of Two Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars 225,000) per year and, as determined by the Compensation Committee, an annual bonus of up to 50 of such base salary. The employment agreement also provides, upon certain circumstances, for a severance payment to Mr. Jorden of twelve months of his base salary as in effect at the time upon termination of services, including due to a change in control of the Company. The terms of the employment agreement with Mr. Jorden contain other customary provisions. 
 
 On May 9, 2022, the Company also entered into an employment agreement effective January 1, 2022 with Peter Clausen, the Company s Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Operating Officer. The employment agreement provides for a base salary to Mr. Clausen as of May 1, 2022 of Two Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars 225,000) per year and, as determined by the Compensation Committee, an annual bonus of up to 50 of such base salary. The employment agreement also provides, upon certain circumstances, for a severance payment to Mr. Clausen of twelve months of his base salary as in effect at the time upon termination of services, including due to a change in control of the Company. The terms of the employment agreement with Mr. Clausen contain other customary provisions. 

25

Table of Contents 

The descriptions above of the employment agreements for Mr. Jorden and Mr. Clausen are qualified by reference to the actual employment agreements, copies of which are included as exhibits to this Annual Report. 
 
 The Company does not provide any pension plans/benefits or nonqualified deferred compensation. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards 
 
 The following table sets forth the outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 

Option Exercise Price 
 
 Option Expiration Date 

David E. Jorden 

162,500 
 (1) 

- 

1.00 
 
 6/30/2026 

192,710 
 (2) 

- 

0.40 
 
 8/8/2025 

125,000 
 (3) 

- 

0.40 
 
 12/31/2025 

66,672 
 (4) 

- 

0.50 
 
 03/03/2032 

125,000 
 (5) 

- 

0.75 
 
 03/03/2032 

Peter A. Clausen 

183,853 
 (2) 

- 

0.40 
 
 8/8/2025 

81,250 
 (3) 

- 

0.40 
 
 12/31/2025 

43,228 
 (4) 

- 

0.50 
 
 03/03/2032 

275,000 
 (6) 

137,500 

0.75 
 
 03/03/2032 

(1) 
 62,500 vested immediately upon the January 9, 2017 date of grant, 50,000 vested on March 31, 2017, and 50,000 vested on December 31, 2017. 

(2) 
 Fully vested upon the August 9, 2018 date of grant in settlement of 77,083 and 73,541 of accrued compensation liabilities for Mr. Jorden and Dr. Clausen, respectively. 

(3) 
 Fully vested upon the March 4, 2022 date of grant in settlement of 50,000 and 32,500 of accrued compensation liabilities for Mr. Jorden and Dr. Clausen, respectively. 

(4) 
 Fully vested upon the March 4, 2022 date of grant in settlement of 33,336 and 21,614 of accrued compensation liabilities for Mr. Jorden and Dr. Clausen, respectively. 

(5) 
 Fully vested upon the March 4, 2022 date of grant. 

(6) 
 One-third vested immediately upon the March 4, 2022 date of grant and the remainder vest quarterly over three years. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 
 
 The employment agreements of each of Mr. Jorden and Dr. Clausen provides, upon certain circumstances, for a severance payment of twelve months of his base salary as in effect at the time upon termination of services, including due to a change in control of the Company. 

26

Table of Contents 

Director Compensation in 2022 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the cash and non-cash compensation of our non-executive directors during the years. 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 

Option and Equity Awards (2) 

Total 

Name 
 
 2022 

2022 

2022 

C. Eric Winzer 

- 

1,072 

1,072 

Scott M. Pittman 

- 

1,429 

1,429 

Paul D. Mintz, MD 

- 

1,072 

1,072 

(1) 
 Effective May 1, 2019, concurrent with the Company's decision to furlough its remaining employees, the Board ceased its cash fees for its service and has not since reinstituted such fees. 

(2) 
 On March 4, 2022, the Board granted 75,000, 100,000, and 75,000 fully vested options, with an exercise price of 0.75 per option, to Mr. Winzer, Mr. Pittman, and Dr. Mintz, respectively. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Table 
 
 The following tables set forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of date indicated by (i) each director; (ii) each of the named executive officers, as identified under Summary Compensation Table in Item 11 above; (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group and (iv) principal stockholders known by the Company to be beneficial owners of more than five percent of our common stock. 
 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as otherwise noted, below, each named beneficial owner known to the Company has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of our common stock that could be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants held by that person that are exercisable at the date indicated or within 60 days thereof are considered outstanding; however, these shares are not considered outstanding when computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 
 Except as otherwise noted below, the address for each person or entity listed in the table is c/o Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., 8285 El Rio, Suite 190, Houston, TX 77054. 
 
 As of March 15, 2023 

Beneficial Ownership (1) 

Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of Shares 

Percent of Class 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

David E. Jorden (2) 

2,647,240 

6.2 

C. Eric Winzer (3) 

365,729 

Scott M. Pittman (4) 

4,701,054 

11.2 

Paul D. Mintz (5) 

257,916 

Peter A. Clausen (6) 

990,884 

2.3 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (5 persons) (7) 

9,125,323 

20.8 

Principal Stockholders 

Charles E. Sheedy (8) 

11,003,365 

26.3 

Boyalife Asset Holding II, Inc. (9) 

4,900,000 

11.7 

Deerfield Management (10) 

2,700,000 

6.5 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Based on 41,799,016 shares of common stock outstanding. 

(2) 
 Includes 671,882 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(3) 
 Includes 340,729 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(4) 
 Includes 357,709 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(5) 
 Represents shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(6) 
 Includes 445,931 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(7) 
 Includes 2,074,167 shares issuable upon the exercise of options. 

(8) 
 Based upon information available to the Company and information contained in a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on July 5, 2022 with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of common stock as of July 5, 2022. According to such Schedule 13D/A, Mr. Sheedy shares voting and dispositive power with respect to 3,365 shares held in trusts for the benefit of Mr. Sheedy s children. The mailing address of Mr. Sheedy is Two Houston Center, Suite 2907, 909 Fannin Street Houston, TX 77010. 

27

Table of Contents 

(9) 
 Based upon information available to the Company and information contained in a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on September 21, 2017 with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of common stock as of September 11, 2017. The mailing address of Boyalife Asset Holding II, Inc. is 2711 Citrus Road, Sacramento, CA 95742. 

(10) 
 Based upon information contained in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020 with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of common stock as of October 5, 2020. According to the Schedule 13G, Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., Deerfield Management Company, L.P. James E. Flynn (together, Deerfield Management share voting and dispositive power of 2,700,000 shares comprised of 1,258,227 shares held by Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P. and 1,441,773 shares held by Deerfield PDI Financing II, L.P. The mailing address of the persons associated with Deerfield Management is 345 Park Avenue South, 12th Floor, Attn: Legal Department, New York, NY 10010. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 During the period covered by this Form 10-K and currently, the sole equity compensation plan of the Company has been the Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Omnibus Plan ). As of March 4, 2022, the Board of Directors amended the Omnibus Plan, which stockholders subsequently approved, to eliminate its evergreen provision and increase the number of shares authorized under the Omnibus Plan to 4,250,000 shares. Refer to Note 7 - Equity and Stock-Based Compensation in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional information about our equity compensation plans and arrangements. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the Omnibus Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

3,376,667 

0.64 

873,333 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

3,376,667 

0.64 

873,333 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 Except as set forth below, we were not involved in any related person transactions since the beginning of 2021, and we are not involved in any related person transaction currently, that is required to be disclosed under Item 404(d) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Warrant Modification Agreement 
 
 Effective as of December 1, 2021 (the Modification Effective Date ), the Company entered into a Warrant Modification Agreement (the Warrant Modification Agreement") with the holders of an aggregate 6,865,461 warrants whereby such warrants were modified to adjust the warrant exercise price from 0.40 per share to 0.20 per share provided a holder exercised the warrant prior to January 31, 2022. All such modified warrants not exercised prior to such date were to be forfeited and deemed expired or otherwise cancelled. 
 
 Charles E. Sheedy, a more than five percent beneficial owner of shares of our common stock, exercised modified warrants for 1,431,615 shares at an exercise purchase price of 286,323. David E. Jorden, the Chief Executive and Financial Officer and a director of the Company, and Scott M. Pittman, a director of the Company, exercised modified warrants for 1,137,635 and 900,000 shares, respectively, at exercise purchase prices of 227,527 and 180,000, respectively. 
 
 2022 Private Placement 
 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, with certain accredited investors for the sale of 3,550,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 1.00 per share for proceeds of 3,550,000 (the Private Placement ). The closing of the Private Placement also occurred on April 29, 2022. 
 
 The investors in the Private Placement included David E. Jorden, the Chief Executive and Financial Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, Scott M. Pittman, a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, Peter A. Clausen, the Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and Charles E. Sheedy, a principal stockholder of the Company of the Company. Messrs. Jorden, Pittman, Clausen, and Sheedy invested 10,532, 100,000, 25,000, and 804,868, respectively, in the Private Placement. 

28

Table of Contents 

Director Independence 
 
 The Company s current directors are David Jorden, Eric Winzer, Scott Pittman, and Paul D. Mintz. The Board has chosen to apply Nasdaq Stock Market corporate governance requirements and standards in determining director independence. The Board has determined that all of the Company s current directors meet such independence requirements with the exception of Mr. Jorden, who serves as the Chief Executive and Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Since August 9, 2018, Marcum LLP Marcum has been our independent registered public accounting firm. GBH CPAs, PC GBH previously was our independent registered public accounting firm since September 27, 2017 until GBH combined its practice with Marcum effective July 1, 2018. The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

110,000 

35,000 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

(1) 
 Audit fees represent fees accrued for annual professional services provided in connection with the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, reviews of its quarterly financial statements, audit services provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings for those years and fees related to non-routine SEC filings. 

Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee must pre-approve audit services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for the Company by its independent auditors. The Audit Committee may, when appropriate, form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or more members of the Audit Committee, including the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such subcommittee to grant pre-approvals shall be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 
 
 All audit services and permitted non-audit services were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

29

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 
 Financial Statements 

See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at page F-1 of this Form 10-K: 

(a)(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they either are not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included in our consolidated financial statements or the related footnotes. 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Table 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A and incorporated by reference herein) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on September 5, 2018 as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.1 
 
 First Warrant issued September 12, 2022 (previously filed on August 30, 2022 as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.2 
 
 Second Warrant issued September 12, 2022 (previously filed on August 30, 2022 as Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Contingent Warrant (previously filed on August 30, 2022 as Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.4 
 
 Description of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (previously filed on April 15, 2022 as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.1 
 
 Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Pacific Medical, Inc., dated August 24, 2022 (previously filed on August 30, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement between David Jorden and Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. dated May 9, 2022 (previously filed on May 16, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between Peter Clausen and Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. dated May 9, 2022 (previously filed on May 16, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.4 
 
 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (previously filed on April 15, 2022 as Exhibit 10.22 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Option Award under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (previously filed on November 13, 2014, as Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated by reference herein) 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company (previously filed on April 15, 2022 as Exhibit 21 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein) 

31 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

30

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David E. Jorden 

David E. Jorden 

Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: April 14, 2022 
 /s/ David E. Jorden 

David E. Jorden 

Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: April 14, 2022 
 /s/ Paul D. Mintz 

Paul D. Mintz 

Director 

Date: April 14, 2022 
 /s/ C. Eric Winzer 

C. Eric Winzer 

Director 

Date: April 14, 2022 
 /s/ Scott M. Pittman 

Scott M. Pittman 

Director 

31

Table of Contents 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID No. F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F-1

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet s of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations , stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 April 14, 2023 

F-2

Table of Contents 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Assets 
 Current assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventory, net 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right of use assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 Current liabilities 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 
 Stockholders' Equity 
 Common stock; 0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 41,799,016 and 37,124,205 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

F-3

Table of Contents 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Revenue 
 Product sales 
 Total revenue 
 
 Costs of sales 
 Gross profit 
 
 Operating expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Total operating expenses 
 
 Loss from operations 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 Interest expense, net 
 Gain on settlement of legacy accounts payable obligations 
 Other income 
 
 Loss before benefit for income taxes 
 
 Net loss 
 
 Deemed dividend (contribution): 
 Warrant modification 
 
 Net loss available for common stockholders 
 
 Net loss per share basic and diluted 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 

F-4

Table of Contents 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock Total 
 Shares Amount (par 0.0001) Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 Share-based compensation expense - 
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to inducement of existing warrants 
 Net loss - - 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Share-based compensation expense - 
 Issuance of options to settle related party compensation liabilities - 
 Issuance of common shares 
 Issuance of common shares, participation right and contingent warrant 
 Exercise of warrants 
 Net loss - - 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

F-5

Table of Contents 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

() 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Amortization of operating lease right of use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventory 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock, participation right, and contingent warrant 

Net proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Income taxes 

Interest 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 

Issuance of options to settle accrued compensation liabilities 

ROU assets and lease liabilities established at inception of lease 

F-6

Table of Contents 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

convertible promissory notes, each in the principal amount of , for an aggregate purchase price of (reflecting a combined in original issue discount and transaction fees). Pursuant to the purchase agreements, the Company also issued to each Investor a warrant exercisable to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, for an aggregate of shares of common stock, subject to adjustment. 
 
 The notes had an original maturity date nine months from the date of issuance June 17, 2019). Under the original terms of the 2018 Convertible Notes, after six months from the date of issuance, the Investors may convert the notes, at any time, in whole or in part, into shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price corresponding to a discount to the average of the two lowest trading prices of the common stock during the 25 trading days prior to the conversion, subject to certain adjustments and price-protection provisions contained in the notes, including full-ratchet anti-dilution protection in the case of dilutive issuances of securities that do not meet the requirements of exempt issuances as defined in the notes. 

Throughout the first three quarters of 2019, the Company entered into various amendments to the 2018 Convertible Notes. The amendments extended the date when the Company may prepay the notes and deferred the date upon which the Investors can initiate conversion of the notes into common shares of the Company pursuant to the notes terms until September 17, 2019 in the case of the most recent amendment. The Company paid the Investors amendment fees totaling representing approximately of the face value of the 2018 Convertible Notes and agreed to an increase in the principal balance of each note by to . The maturity date of the Auctus note was also extended until July 31, 2019. 
 
 In December 2019, the Company further amended the 2018 Convertible Notes to provide for the settlement and extinguishment of all obligations under the 2018 Convertible Notes upon the (i) payment of an aggregate to the Investors and (ii) issuance of an aggregate shares of common stock to the Investors on or before February 10, 2020. The Company paid to the Investors on December 10, 2019 and issued shares of common stock on February 5, 2020 in full settlement of all obligations including accrued interest, and recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of approximately in 2020 upon issuance of the common shares. 
 
 2019 Senior Secured Notes 
 In November and December 2019, the Company entered into note purchase agreements with certain investors providing for the issuance of principal amount of senior secured promissory notes (the 2019 Senior Secured Notes and warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock. The of the proceeds were used primarily to partially repay the Company s obligations under the 2018 Convertible Notes as discussed above. 
 
 On September 1, 2020, the Noteholders notified the Company of its default under the 2019 Senior Secured Notes and submitted a forbearance and recapitalization proposal to the Company. The 2019 Senior Secured Notes were settled in full in October 2020 see 2020 Recapitalization below). 
 
 2020 Recapitalization 
 In October 2020 and in response to the declared default under the 2019 Senior Secured Notes, the Company entered into a Recapitalization Agreement (the Recapitalization with its existing Deerfield Investors Deerfield and holders of its 2019 Senior Secured Notes Noteholders pursuant to which: 
 
 Deerfield exchanged its Series A Preferred Stock for million shares of Common Stock note that the Series A Preferred Stock did not originally contain a conversion option or redemption feature and was perpetual preferred stock. 
 
 The Noteholders converted of principal and of accrued and unpaid interest of their Senior Secured Notes (the Company was in default at the time of the conversion) into shares of Common Stock. 
 
 The Noteholders agreed to purchase shares of Common Stock for gross proceeds of in cash. 
 
 The Noteholders received warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at per share. 
 
 The Noteholders agreed to cancel the warrants originally issued with the 2019 Senior Secured Notes. 

The settlement of the Series A Preferred Stock was accounted for at fair value. The Company recognized a deemed dividend (contribution) resulting from the gain on the cancellation of its equity classified preferred stock, calculated as the difference between the fair value of the consideration transferred and the carrying value of the preferred stock. In addition, Lawrence S. Atinsky, the Deerfield Investors representative on the Company s board, resigned and the number of Company directors was reduced to four. Outstanding options to purchase common stock held by Mr. Atinsky as of the Effective Date were forfeited. 
 
 The settlement of the 2019 Senior Secured Notes resulted in the conversion of the principal balance of the Notes plus accrued interest of approximately into an aggregate shares of common stock (the Conversion Shares of the Company at a conversion price of per share, plus the purchase by the Noteholders, for cash, of shares of common stock (the Purchase Shares at per share, or in total. The settlement of the 2019 Senior Secured Notes was accounted for at fair value. The Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of the 2019 Senior Secured Notes of calculated as the excess of the carrying amount of the debt (including the accrued interest) over the fair value of the reacquisition price (consisting of the fair value of the common stock and warrants issued net of the fair value of the warrants forfeited and cash received). 
 
 As part of the Recapitalization, the Company granted to each of three 3 individuals an aggregate of (i) shares of common stock (the Compensation Shares and (ii) fully vested warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (the Compensation Warrants in consideration of past performance and service provided to the Company. The fair value of the Compensatory Shares and Compensatory Warrants was which was recognized as stock-based compensation expense upon issuance. 
 
 2021 Warrant Modification 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a Warrant Modification Agreement (the Agreement with the employee holders and Investor holders of Warrants whereby the Warrants were modified to decrease the exercise price from to per share provided the holders exercised the Warrant prior to January 31, 2022 the Modification ). All Warrants were exercised as of December 30, 2021. The Modification was accounted for at fair value; as such, additional stock-based compensation expense of was recognized with respect to the employee warrants and a deemed dividend of was recognized for the Investor warrants. 

See Note 6 - Stock Purchase Warrants and Note 7 Equity and Stock-Based Compensation for further discussion. 

from the issuance of senior secured debt, common stock and from the exercise or stock purchase warrants. In conjunction with CMS National Coverage Determination in April 2021 and the warrant exercises, the Company initiated efforts to return to operational status as a commercial business. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised proceeds of from the sale of common stock, participation right, and contingent warrant to certain accredited investors in three separate equity private placements which closed in April, May, and September 2022. 
 
 We have incurred, and continue to incur, recurring losses and negative cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of approximately million and cash and cash equivalents on hand of approximately million. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The propriety of using the going-concern basis is dependent upon, among other things, the achievement of future profitable operations, the ability to generate sufficient cash from operations, and potential other funding sources, including cash on hand, to meet our obligations as they become due. 
 
 We believe based on the operating cash requirements and capital expenditures expected for the next twelve months that our current resources and projected revenue from sales of Aurix are insufficient to support our operations for the next 12 months. As such, we believe that substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern exists. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Even assuming we succeed in raising sufficient additional funds in the near future to avoid a cessation of business operations, we require additional capital and will seek to continue financing our operations with external capital for the foreseeable future. Any equity financings may cause further substantial dilution to our stockholders and could involve the issuance of securities with rights senior to the common stock. Any debt financings may require us to comply with additional onerous financial covenants and restrict our business operations. Our ability to complete additional financings is dependent on, among other things, market reception of the Company and perceived likelihood of success of our business model, the state of the capital markets at the time of any proposed equity or debt offering, state of the credit markets at the time of any proposed loan financing, and on the relevant transaction terms, among other things. We may not be able to obtain additional capital as required to finance our efforts, through equity or debt financings, other transactions or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, any such financing, if at all obtained, may not be adequate to meet our capital needs and to support our operations. 

. 

Customer B 
 Customer C 
 Customer D 
 Customer E 

Revenue from significant customers exceeding 10 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 is listed below. All our revenue in 2022 was generated within the U.S. We generated no revenues in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Customer B 
 Customer F 
 Customer C 
 Customer D 

Historically, we used single suppliers for several components of the Aurix product line. We outsource the manufacturing of various product components to contract manufacturers. While we believe these manufacturers demonstrate competency, reliability and stability, there is no assurance that one or more of them will not experience an interruption or inability to provide us with the products needed to satisfy customer demand. Additionally, while most of the components of Aurix are generally readily available on the open market, a reagent, bovine thrombin, is available exclusively through Pfizer, with whom we have an established vendor relationship. 
 
 million held in financial institutions was in excess of the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 at December 31, 2022. We maintain our cash in the form of money market deposit accounts with financial institutions that we believe are credit worthy. We maintained no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. As of December 31, 2022, of cash was considered as restricted as it collateralizes a corporate credit card. 
 accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. 
 of finished goods inventory and approximately of raw materials acquired to facilitate the manufacturing of finished goods at our contract manufacturer and our warehouse/distribution facility. 
 
 We will provide for an allowance against inventory for estimated losses that may result in excess and obsolete inventory (i.e., from the expiration of products). Our allowance for expired inventory will be estimated based upon the inventory s remaining shelf-life and our anticipated ability to sell such inventory, which is estimated using past experience and future forecasts, within its remaining shelf life. Expired products are segregated and used for demonstration purposes only; we will record the associated expense for this reserve to cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022, we did not maintain an allowance for inventory obsolescence as it was not considered necessary based on the recent initiation of commercial sales and the relatively recent vintage of product inventory. 

revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Weighted average expected years until exercise - 
 Expected stock volatility 
 Dividend yield 

The Company recognizes forfeitures of stock-based awards as they occur. 

The Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income before taxes. There were no material penalties and interest incurred in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Deemed dividend (contribution): 
 Warrant modification 
 
 Net Loss Available to Common Shareholders basic and diluted 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 
 Net Loss per Share basic and diluted 

The following table sets forth the potential dilutive securities excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Warrants 
 Financing Participation Right and Contingent Warrant 
 Performance Shares 

In August 2020, the FASB issued new accounting guidance (ASU 2020 - 06 with respect to the accounting for convertible debt instruments and contracts in an entity s own equity. The guidance simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the various accounting models that can require the instrument to be separated into a debt component and equity component or derivative component. Additionally, the guidance eliminated certain settlement conditions previously required to be able to classify a derivative in equity. The new guidance is effective on a modified or full retrospective basis for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods with those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We have evaluated all other issued and unadopted Accounting Standards Updates and believe the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

Office/warehouse equipment 
 Warehouse/production equipment 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022 and there was depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. None of the Company's long-lived assets were deemed to be impaired during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Accrued compensation payable 
 Accrued professional fees 
 Other payables 
 Total accrued liabilities 

2022 Sales incentive warrants 
 
 Total 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued two warrants to purchase (i) shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and expiring December 31, 2027 and (ii) shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and expiring December 31, 2028 to a distribution partner under an agreement whereby the warrants are exercisable subject to the distributor attaining certain performance goals set forth in the warrants based upon exceeding sales quota revenues for calendar years 2023 through potentially 2025. The aggregate intrinsic value for 2022 sales incentive warrants as of December 31, 2022 was . Additionally, the Company agreed to issue certain additional warrants to acquire up to shares of common stock to the same distribution partner where the issuance of the warrant is contingent upon future financing events and are not reflected in the above table. See Note 7 Equity and Stock Based Compensation for further information. 

The 2018 Convertible Notes warrants were exercised under a cashless exercise provision during the year ended December 31, 2022 with the resulting issuance of shares of common stock. The warrants had an exercise price of per share, an original term of five years, and were equity classified. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2019 Senior Secured Notes, the Company issued to the noteholders stock purchase warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of , a term of two years, a fair value of on issuance, and are equity classified. The noteholders agreed to cancel these stock purchase warrants in connection with the Recapitalization. 
 
 In connection with the Recapitalization and the extinguishment of the 2019 Senior Secured Note, the Company issued to the noteholders stock purchase warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of , a term of five years and are equity classified. In connection with the Recapitalization and to compensate certain employees for past compensation, the Company issued to employees stock purchase warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of , a term of five years and are equity classified. 
 
 In connection with the Modification, the Company induced the exercise of existing stock purchase warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock by reducing the exercise price from to and requiring exercise by a certain date. All warrants were exercised by December 31, 2021 for aggregate proceeds of . The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of for the fair value of the portion of the induced warrants held by employees and consultants and recognized a deemed dividend of for the fair value of the portion of the induced warrants held by investors. Certain related parties including a principal shareholder, members of the Board of Directors, and a member of senior management exercised an aggregate of warrants for proceeds of pursuant to the Modification. 

shares of capital stock, consisting of: (i) shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share, which will have such rights, powers and preferences as the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine. 
 
 Private Placement Equity Issuances 
 
 The Company sold shares of common stock to certain accredited investors pursuant to Security Purchase Agreements in two private placements which closed in April and May 2022 for proceeds of . Certain related parties including a principal shareholder, members of the Board of Directors, and members of senior management invested an aggregate of in the April 2022 private placement transaction. 
 
 Pacific Medical Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement 
 
 On August 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Pacific Medical, Inc. Pacific Med for the sale and issuance of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock. Pacific Med is the exclusive distributor for the Aurix System product within a territory that covers the states of Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, most of California, the northern half of Nevada, plus Alaska. 
 
 Pursuant to the Agreement, Pacific Med purchased shares of the Company s common stock for . As part of the purchase of common stock, the Company agreed to grant to Pacific Med the right to participate in any future financing by the Company through December 31, 2023 the Participation Rights in connection with a listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange. The Participation Rights entitle Pacific Med to purchase up to shares of common stock upon substantially the same terms, conditions, and price provided for in such financing. If such a financing does not occur by December 31, 2023, the Company agreed to issue Pacific Med a warrant with a January 1, 2024 issuance date and exercisable until June 30, 2024, to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at a price equal to the lower of per share or the 20 -day volume weighted average closing price per share ending December 31, 2023 the Contingent Warrant ). The common stock, Participation Rights, and Contingent Warrant are equity classified. 

As part of the Agreement and as additional incentive compensation with respect to Pacific Med s performance under its existing sales and distribution arrangement, the Company also provided to Pacific Med two compensatory performance-based stock purchase warrants and certain contingently issuable performance shares. The first warrant entitles Pacific Med to purchase up to shares of common stock at a price of per share (the First Warrant upon Pacific Med attaining certain performance goals set forth in the First Warrant based upon exceeding sales quota revenue, as agreed between the Company and Pacific Med, for calendar years 2023 and/or 2024. The second warrant entitles Pacific Med to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at a price of per share (the Second Warrant upon Pacific Med attaining certain performance goals set forth in the Second Warrant based upon exceeding sales quota revenue, as agreed between the Company and Pacific Med, for calendar years 2024 and/or 2025. The First Warrant will expire December 31, 2027 and the Second Warrant will expire December 31, 2028. The fair value of the First Warrant and Second Warrant at the date of issuance was approximately and , respectively, based on a Black-Scholes option pricing model. As the exercisability of the two warrants is not considered probable as of December 31, 2022, there was recognition of stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. When exercisability is determined to be probable, the issuance date fair value of the warrant earned through such date will be recognized with the balance of the fair value recognized ratably over the remaining period of performance. The Company also agreed to issue up to shares of common stock to Pacific Med subject to and upon the achievement of certain milestones set forth in the Agreement based upon sales of our products over defined 12 -month periods of between million by June 30, 2024 through at least million in calendar year 2025 (the Performance Shares ). The fair value of the Performance Shares at the date of issuance was approximately based on the closing stock price on the closing of the Agreement. As the issuance of the shares is not considered probable as of December 31, 2022, there was expense recognition for the year ended December 31, 2022. When issuance is determined to be probable, the issuance date fair value of the shares through such date will be recognized with the balance of the fair value recognized ratably over the remaining period of performance. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 In July 2016, the Board of Directors approved the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2016 Omnibus Plan ), and in August 2016, the Board amended such plan to include an evergreen provision, intended to increase the maximum number of shares issuable under the Omnibus Plan on the first day of each fiscal year (starting on January 1, 2017) by an amount equal to six percent of the shares reserved as of the last day of the preceding fiscal year, provided that the aggregate number of all such increases may not exceed shares. In November 2016, holders of a majority of our capital stock approved the 2016 Omnibus Plan, as amended and restated, which provides for the Company to grant equity and cash incentive awards to officers, directors and employees of, and consultants to, the Company and its subsidiaries. Further, in March 2022, the Board approved an amendment to the 2016 Omnibus Plan to increase the shares available under to Plan to and remove the annual evergreen provision, which was approved by the holders of a majority of our common stock outstanding and which became effective in June 2022. 
 
 A summary of stock option activity under the 2016 Omnibus Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented below: 

Granted - 
 Exercised - 
 Forfeited or expired - 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2022 
 Granted 
 Exercised - 
 Forfeited or expired - 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

There were stock options granted under the 2016 Omnibus Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 of which (i) options were granted to settle prior accrued compensation liabilities with senior management and Board of Directors, (ii) of immediately vested options were granted to management, the Board of Directors, and a third -party service provider, (iii) incentive stock options vesting over 3 years were granted to employees, and (iv) incentive stock options vesting over 1 year were granted to a third party consultant. The fair value of the stock options granted in settlement of accrued liabilities was approximately . As the options issued were to related parties, the of settled liabilities was credited to additional paid-in-capital. The fair value of of immediately vested options was and was recognized as stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. The fair value of of incentive stock options vesting over one and three years was approximately with recognized as stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. stock options were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value for outstanding and exercisable options as of December 31, 2022 was approximately and , respectively. There were options granted or exercised during 2021 and intrinsic value for all options as of December 31, 2021. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded total stock-based compensation expense of . There was stock based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of unrecognized compensation cost related to the non-vested stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

State 
 - - 
 Deferred provision (benefit) 
 Federal 
 State 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 Consolidated provision (benefit) 

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Property, equipment, intangible assets, and other 
 Stock-based compensation 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 

The following table presents a reconciliation between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the Company's effective tax rate: 
 State tax rate, net of Federal benefit 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Permanent differences and other 
 
 Effective tax rate 

The Company has Federal net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. The Federal net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as a result of the Company s emergence from bankruptcy in 2016 as well as due to other changes in ownership subsequent to such emergence; any such limitation reduces the Company's ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income on an annual basis and may permanently reduce the Company s ability to use such net operating loss carryforwards. Federal net operating loss carryforwards generated before 2018 have a 20 -year life and expire through 2028, while net operating loss carryforwards generated after 2017 have an indefinite life. The Company has not filed its required state tax returns since 2017 and intends to file all required state returns within the next 12 months. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not that those net assets will not be realized. The Company does not believe that it has any uncertain income tax positions. 

impairments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 During 2021, the Company measured certain equity-linked financial instruments at fair value. The financial instruments measured at fair value are as follows: 
 
 Equity Black-Scholes option pricing model 
 
 2,877,500 stock purchase warrants modified 12/1/2021 Equity Black-Scholes option pricing model 

The fair value of plain vanilla stock purchase warrants is measured on the issuance date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and uses estimated of stock price volatility, estimated period of time that warrants are expected to be outstanding, the risk-free rate based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of issuance, an estimated dividend rate and the price of our common stock at the issuance date. The assumptions are summarized in the following table: 

Weighted average expected years until exercise 
 Expected stock volatility 
 Dividend yield - 

, using a discount rate of . The lease was cancellable by the landlord at any time prior to December 31, 2022 based on certain capital raising contingencies which the Company met in April 2022. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company entered into an additional commercial operating lease for its primary office and warehouse/distribution space in Texas. The lease requires the Company to pay for its insurance, taxes, and its share of common operating expenses. This lease expires in March 2027. The space remained under buildout and Landlord control during the three months ended March 31, 2022 with the Company acquiring control of the lease space effective April 1, 2022; as a result, a right of use asset and lease liability was recognized of as of April 1, 2022 using a discount rate of 10 . 
 
 Operating lease liabilities are classified as other current and non-current liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Total operating lease costs were approximately for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting solely of base rental and common area maintenance costs and were for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has no financing leases. The weighted average remaining lease term is 3.8 years at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Future undiscounted cash flows under these leases are: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Total operating lease payments 
 
 Discount factor 
 Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 

F-18

<EX-10.5>
 2
 ex_497557.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

ex_497557.htm 

Exhibit 10.5 

Option Recipient: [ ] 

Total Number of Shares Covered by the Option: [ ] 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 [NONQUALIFIED] [INCENTIVE] STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), is pleased to grant to the Eligible Person signing below you or Grantee the stock option (the Option described herein under the Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended, the Plan ). This [Nonqualified] [Incentive] Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement is the Award Agreement for the Option. 

Basic Terms and Conditions of Option: 

Grant Date: 
			 [ ] 

Exercise Price per Share: 
			 [ ] 

Term of the Option: 
			 10 years 

Shares Covered by Option: 
			 [ ] Shares 

Vesting Schedule: Subject to the Plan and this Agreement, the Option vests and may be exercised in whole or in part in accordance with the following schedule, provided, that, in each case, vesting will occur only if no Termination of Affiliation with respect to Grantee occurs at any time prior to the applicable vesting date: 

Vesting Date 
			 
			 Cumulative Number of Shares 

			 Purchasable Upon Exercise of Option 

[ ] 

[ ] 

The Additional Terms and Conditions and the Plan described below are incorporated in this Agreement by reference and contain important information about your Option. Copies of all of the documents set forth below are being provided to you concurrently with this Agreement. Please review them carefully and contact the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer if you have any questions. 

Additional Terms and Conditions describes how to exercise your Option, what happens if you cease to remain employed with, or cease to remain in a director or consulting relationship (as applicable) with, the Company before you exercise your Option, and where to send notices. 

The Plan contains the detailed terms that govern your Option. If anything in this Agreement or the other attachments is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan, as amended from time to time, will control. All capitalized terms used herein that are not defined herein but that are defined in the Plan have the same meanings given them in the Plan. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Please sign in the space provided below, keep a copy of this Agreement for your records, and return two originals to the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. 

Signature of Grantee : 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

_____________________________________ 

			 Name: [ ] 

By: 

___________________________________ 

			 Name: David Jorden 

			 Title: CEO/CFO 

Residence Address: 

			 _____________________________________ 

			 _____________________________________ 

			 _____________________________________ 

Notice Address: 

8285 El Rio, Suite 190 _____________ 

			 Houston, TX 77054 ________________ 

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF YOUR OPTION 

1. Acceptance . The grant of the Option will be revoked automatically without further action or notice if you do not, within thirty (30) days after the Grant Date, accept this Agreement by signing and returning this Agreement to the Company. By accepting this Agreement, you accept the grant of the Option on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan, and warrant that you are free to enter into this Agreement and do not have any legal obligations that are inconsistent with this Agreement. 

2. Exercise Procedures . 

(a) The Option is not exercisable until you accept this Agreement. Thereafter, the Option is exercisable only to the extent and in the manner described in this Agreement and the Plan. 

(b) To the extent that the Option is vested and exercisable as provided in the Basic Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, and it has not been forfeited or expired under Section 3 or Section 4 below, you may exercise the Option as to all or any portion of the Shares for which it is vested and exercisable. 

(c) Unless otherwise expressly permitted by the Committee, the Option must be exercised for whole Shares only. The exercise date of your Option is the date of delivery to the Committee of your notice of exercise (in the form promulgated by the Company for this purpose). The notice of exercise must be accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price and any applicable tax withholding in full. You may pay the Exercise Price (a) in cash, personal check or wire transfer, (b) by delivery of Shares you own prior to exercise, valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, (c) with the approval of the Committee, by Shares acquired upon the exercise of the Option, such Shares valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, (d) with the approval of the Committee, by Restricted Shares you hold prior to the exercise of the Option, each such share valued at the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise; or (e) subject to applicable law (including the prohibited loan provisions of Section 402 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002), through the sale of the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option through a broker-dealer to whom you have submitted an irrevocable notice of exercise and irrevocable instructions to deliver promptly to the Company the amount of sale proceeds sufficient to pay for such Shares. Upon exercise, you must pay the applicable tax withholding in full in accordance with a method specified in Section 18.1 of the Plan that is acceptable to the Committee in its sole discretion. You will need to contact the Committee before you exercise your Option to determine the amount of any required tax withholding and required payment method. 

(d) The Committee may in its discretion specify that, if any Restricted Shares Tendered Restricted Shares are used to pay the Exercise Price, (i) all the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Tendered Restricted Shares, determined as of the date of exercise of the Option, or (ii) a number of Shares acquired on exercise of the Option equal to the number of Tendered Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Tendered Restricted Shares, determined as of the date of exercise of the Option. 

3

3. Effect of Termination of Affiliation. 

(a) If you experience a Termination of Affiliation for any reason, the Option, to the extent it is not vested and exercisable at the time of the Termination of Affiliation, shall be forfeited to the Company simultaneously with the Termination of Affiliation. 

(b) If you experience a Termination of Affiliation by reason of a termination by the Company (or Affiliate) for Cause (or a resignation or other voluntary termination at a time in which Cause for termination exists), the entire Option shall be forfeited to the Company simultaneously with such Termination of Affiliation, including to the extent the Option is otherwise vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(c) If you experience a Termination of Affiliation by reason of your death or Disability (within the meaning of Section 2.13(a) of the Plan), the Option, to the extent it is otherwise vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Affiliation, shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date that is one year after the date of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(d) If you experience a Termination of Affiliation for any reason not specified in Section 3(b) or Section 3(c) above, the Option, to the extent it is otherwise vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Affiliation, shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date that is ninety (90) days after the date of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(e) For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: you (i) commit, are convicted of or plead guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime involving dishonesty, theft, violence or moral turpitude; (ii) commit a material act constituting fraud, theft, dishonesty (including relating to financial matters) or material deceit, whether or not related to your services to the Company; (iii) improperly and without authorization from the Board disclose to any Person any material information constituting confidential information or a trade secret of the Company or its Affiliates; (iv) commit an act constituting a violation of applicable law relating to the workplace environment (including laws relating to sexual harassment or age, race, sex or other prohibited discrimination); (v) use or possess any unprescribed controlled substance or are intoxicated while performing your duties to the Company; (vi) substantially fail or are unable (other than by reason of your death or Disability) to perform such duties, complete such tasks or follow such direction as reasonably prescribed by the Board or officers of the Company to whom you report, or to carry out effectively any other obligations to the Company or its Affiliates; (vii) fail to observe material policies of the Company or its Affiliates; (viii) act with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of your duties to the Company or its Affiliates; (ix) are chronically absent from work other than for reasonable medical or other reasons; or (x) breach any material term of any agreement you have with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have an employment or other agreement in effect with the Company specifying a different definition for the term Cause , then the definition in such agreement will also control and govern for purposes of this Agreement. 

4

4. Expiration . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Option shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the last day of the Term of the Option provided in the Basic Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, unless earlier forfeited or expired under Section 3 above. 

5. Effect of Expiration or Forfeiture . If and to the extent that the Option is forfeited or expires under this Agreement, as of the time of forfeiture or expiration, the Option shall no longer be outstanding or exercisable under any circumstances. Forfeiture or expiration shall occur automatically, without the need for consideration and without the need for further action by or notice from the Company. The Company is under no obligation to provide notice of any pending expiration of the Option to you. 

6. No Transfers . Except as otherwise expressly permitted by the Plan, this Option is not assignable or transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised, during the Grantee s lifetime, only by the Grantee. 

7. Corporate Transaction . Upon a Corporate Transaction, unless assumed by the Surviving Company or replaced with an equivalent Award granted by the Surviving Company in substitution for the Option, (a) the Option, to the extent it is not vested and exercisable as of the consummation of such Corporate Transaction, shall be cancelled without any payment to you as of the consummation of the Corporate Transaction (unless the Committee, in its sole discretion, accelerates the vesting of the Option), and (b) to the extent that the Option is vested and exercisable as of the consummation of such Corporate Transaction, the Committee may either (i) allow you to exercise the Option within a reasonable period prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction and cancel the Option to the extent that it remains unexercised upon consummation of the Corporate Transaction, or (ii) cancel the Option in exchange for a payment (in cash, or in securities or other property) in an amount equal to the amount that you would have received (net of the Exercise Price) if such vested Option was exercised immediately prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Option is not assumed by the Surviving Company or replaced with an equivalent Award issued by the Surviving Company and the Exercise Price with respect to the Option exceeds the Fair Market Value of the Shares immediately prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction, the entire Option shall be cancelled as of the consummation of the Corporate Transaction without any payment to you. 

8. Notices. All notices pursuant to this Agreement will be in writing and either (a) delivered by hand, (b) mailed by United States certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (c) sent by an internationally recognized courier that maintains evidence of delivery and receipt. All notices or other communications will be directed to the parties respective addresses set forth on the signature page of this Agreement (or to such other addresses as either party may designate by notice to the other). 

5

9. Miscellaneous . This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, other than its laws respecting choice of law. Any waiver by you or the Company of any condition or the breach of any term or provision in this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall apply only to that instance and will not be deemed to waive conditions or breaches in the future. This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies and each executed copy shall be deemed an original of this Agreement. Except as permitted by the Plan, no amendment of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by you and the Company. This Agreement shall be binding on all successors and permitted assigns of the Company and you, including your estate and the executor, liquidator, administrator or trustee of such estate, and any receiver or trustee in bankruptcy or representative of your creditors. This Agreement contains the entire Agreement of the parties hereto and no representation, inducement, promise, or agreement or otherwise between the parties not embodied herein shall be of any force or effect, and no party will be liable or bound in any manner for any warranty, representation, or covenant except as specifically set forth herein. 

10. Employment/Relationship . Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate your employment or other relationship at any time (with or without Cause), nor confer upon you any right to continue in the employ of, or other relationship with, the Company or its Affiliates for any period of time or to continue your present (or other) rate of compensation. 

11. Time is of the Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to your exercise of the Option. 

6 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex_497321.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

ex_497321.htm 

Exhibit 31 

Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 

 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, David E. Jorden, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 
/s/ David E. Jorden 

David E. Jorden 
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex_497320.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

ex_497320.htm 

Exhibit 32 

Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, David E. Jorden, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify that to my knowledge: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ David E. Jorden 

David E. Jorden 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 aurx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 aurx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 aurx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 aurx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 aurx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

