<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230424_10-K_edgar_data_1871181_0001493152-23-013297.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5494420</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181339</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1107978</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1549402</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1186154</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1355004</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-013297.hdr.sgml : 20230424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230421212505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-013297
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Qualis Innovations, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001871181
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				842488498
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-260982
		FILM NUMBER:		23837769

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 WILMINGTON WEST CHESTER PIKE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			CHADDS FORD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19317
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-620-3753

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 WILMINGTON WEST CHESTER PIKE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			CHADDS FORD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-013297.txt : 20230424

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, 0.001 Par Value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market
value of the issued and outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . For purposes of the above statement
only, all directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is
not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

As
of April 21, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

QUALIS
INNOVATIONS, INC 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 9 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 
 10 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 10 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 10 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 24 
 
 Item
 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 24 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 24 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 31 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 31 

2 

DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Description
of Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, 
 believes, seeks, could, estimates, expects, intends, 
 may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, 
 would and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current
views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the factors described in the section captioned Risk Factors below. Given these uncertainties,
you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, information
related to: anticipated operating results; licensing arrangements; relationships with our customers; consumer demand; financial resources
and condition; changes in revenues; changes in profitability; changes in accounting treatment; cost of sales; selling, general and administrative
expenses; interest expense; the ability to secure materials and subcontractors; the ability to produce the liquidity or enter into agreements
to acquire the capital necessary to continue our operations and take advantage of opportunities; legal proceedings and claims. 

Also,
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report and
the documents that we reference and filed as exhibits to this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, even
if new information becomes available in the future. 

USE
OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to we, us, our, our
Company, or the Company is of Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. 

In
addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this report only: 

Qualis 
 refers to Qualis Innovations, Inc., a Nevada corporation; 

Commission 
 refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Background 

Description
of Business 

Qualis
Innovations, Inc. (the Company or Qualis ), formerly known as Hoopsoft Development Corp., Yellowstone Mining,
Inc. and Sky Digital Holding Corp. was incorporated in the state of Nevada on March 23, 2006 under the name Hoopsoft Development Corp Hoopsoft ). On January 12, 2007, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger Agreement and Plan of
Merger with Yellowcake Mining, Inc. Yellowcake ), a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Hoopsoft
Development Corp., incorporated for the sole purpose of effecting the merger. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
Yellowcake merged with and into Hoopsoft, with Hoopsoft carrying on as the surviving corporation under the name Yellowcake Mining,
Inc. 

On
April 6, 2011, Yellowcake restated its articles of incorporation and changed its name to Sky Digital Stores Corp SKYC ).
On May 5, 2011, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement by and among SKYC and Hong Kong
First Digital Holding Ltd. First Digital ), and the shareholders of First Digital (the FDH Shareholders entered into a Share FDH ), and the shareholders of FDH (the FDH Shareholders ). The closing of the transaction
(the Closing took place on May 5, 2011 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of
the Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares (the Shares of FDH from the FDH Shareholders;
and FDH Shareholders transferred and contributed all of their Shares to us. In exchange, the Company issued to the FDH Shareholders,
their designees or assigns, an aggregate of 23,716,035 shares (the Shares Component or 97.56 of the shares of common
stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing (the Share Exchange ), at 0.20 per share. 

Mr.
Lin Xiangfeng planned, organized and executed the Share Exchange. Prior to the Share Exchange, Mr. Lin Xiangfeng was the largest shareholder
and sole officer of FDH. He was also the CEO of SKYC but did not own any shares of the Company. The parties involved in the Share Exchange
Agreement are SKYC, FDH and all FDH Shareholders. Mr. Lin Jinshui, an FDH Shareholder, is the father of Mr. Lin Xiangfeng and Mr. Lin
Xiuzi, an FDH Shareholder, is the brother of Mr. Lin Xiangfeng. Other than Mr. Lin Xiangfeng, no third party played a substantial role
in the agreement. 

FDH
owned (i) 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Shenzhen Dong Sen Mobile Communication Technology Co., Ltd (also known
and doing business as Shenzhen Donxon Mobile Communication Technology Co., Ltd, Donxon ), a company organized under
the laws of the People s Republic of China China or the PRC and (ii) 100 of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of Shenzhen Xing Tian Kong Digital Company Limited XTK ), a PRC company. XTK was the holder of 100 of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of Shenzhen Da Sheng Communication Technology Company Limited (also known and do business as Shenzhen
 Dasen Communication Technology Company Limited, Dasen ), a PRC company. Dasen is the holder of 70 of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of Foshan Da Sheng Communication Chain Service Company Limited (also known and do business as Foshan Dasen
 Communication Chain Service Co. Ltd, FDSC ), a PRC company. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, FDH became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, and the Company owned 100 of Donxon, 100 of XKT, 100 of Dasen and 70 of FDSC indirectly through FDH. 

On
February 13, 2018, a change of control occurred, and new officers and directors of the Company were appointed. The name change of Sky
Digital Stores Corp. (SKYC) to Qualis Innovations, Inc. and the 1 1,000 reverse split was announced on FINRA s Daily
List. Echo Resources LLLP took over control of Qualis owning 232,689 of the 396,650 common shares outstanding. Since that event Qualis
did not have any business operations or any assets or liabilities. 

In
July 2019, John Ballard and a Charles Achoa, formed a new company named EMF Medical Devices Inc. for the development, maintenance, marketing
and sale of an electronic device for the treatment of pain that would make use of certain intellectual property interests held by LCMD.
In May 2021 the Company changed its name to mPathix Health Inc. Presently, John Ballard is the Chief Financial Officer and Charles Achoa
does not participate in any management or board position. 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix Health, Inc.
(formerly EMF Medical Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation) mPathix and Qualis. The closing of the transaction (the
 Closing took place on June 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of the
Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares (the Shares of mPathix. In exchange, the Company
issued to the mPathix shareholder s, their designees or assigns, an aggregate of 6,988,300 shares of Company common stock (the
 Shares Component or 93.36 of the shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing (the
 Share Exchange ), at a valuation of 0.50 per share, and the Company issued warrants to purchase an additional 1,098,830
shares (698,830 warrants issued to the Company s previous CEO and 400,000 to CreoMed which is beneficially owned by Dr. Joseph
Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable for 10 years at
a 0.50 per share exercise price, subject to adjustment. In connection with the closing of the mPathix acquisition, the officers and
directors of mPathix were appointed as the officers and directors of the Company. On June 29, 2021, the Company issued 496,650 common
shares for the recapitalization of Qualis in conjunction with the reverse acquisition for a net book value of 0. 

4 

The
acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization since the stockholders of mPathix owned a majority of the outstanding shares of the common stock immediately following the completion of the transaction assuming that holders
of 10 of the Public Shares exercise their conversion rights. mPathix was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction
and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization of mPathix. As a result, Qualis was considered to be the continuation
of the predecessor mPathix. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the consolidated
financial statements are those of mPathix and are recorded at the historical cost basis of mPathix. Qualis s assets, liabilities
and results of operations will be consolidated with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of mPathix after consummation of
the acquisition. 

The
Company is now the holding company under which mPathix operates. mPathix is a clinical stage company focused on the development, production,
and distribution of pain management and other central nervous system (CNS) based solutions. 

We
are developing a product designed to address the unmet needs of patients who seek alternatives to traditional pain medications and interventions
or adjunctive therapies to their current treatment regimen. We believe that our product will provide clinicians and patients with new
and differentiated set of pain management tools to meet the diversity of patient needs. 

A
key element to the Company s growth strategy is to acquire the rights to or develop existing devices. Large device companies have
increased the minimum market opportunity they require in order to commit marketing resources to their products. As a result, there are
many products that are unsupported by such companies and are currently scheduled to be phased out or sunsetted. Qualis
Innovations believes that it can create significant value by developing or acquiring rights to a portfolio of such products, expanding
their therapeutic uses and/or markets, improving or enhancing such products and dedicating the appropriate amount of marketing and other
resources to maximize the value of the Company s portfolio. 

There
are several key criteria the Company uses when evaluating product opportunities: 

The
 disease or condition largely has been ignored due to lack of interest by other, larger companies and, as a result, overall competition
 in the space is limited. 

The
 device is not selling well for various reasons (including, among other things, poor management, poor reimbursement, improper or no
 available billing codes, inaccurate pricing, and limited and/or poor clinical outcomes) which, Qualis would attempt to eliminate,
 thereby increasing product revenues. 

The
 device should be easy to manufacture, thereby avoiding the need for costly investment by the Company develop products and complicated
 manufacturing facilities. 

There
 should be a large, underserved patient population. The device should have clear regulatory and reimbursement paths with the FDA and
 CMS, respectively (or already be approved). 

The
 device should be relatively easy to distribute/dispense and administer. Most importantly, the product must have a history of limited
 adverse events to patients. 

Our
planned product, which is our sole product and is in the development pipeline, is SOLACE, a non-invasive medical device that uses electromagnetic
induction to generate deep heat below the surface of the skin to reduce and relieve pain. SOLACE delivers radio frequency (RF)
energy continuously and thereby delivers thermal effects to the tissue and utilizes several differentiated features vs other radio frequency
devices currently on the market. We have not yet finalized development of the planned SOLACE device and have not generated any cash flows
from operations in connection with the planned device. 

The
SOLACE device is based on proprietary high-frequency magnetic induction technology, which we refer to as Electromagnetic Induction EMI ).
Electromagnetic or magnetic induction is the use of electric currents or a derivative of a current in the form of a sound or an acoustic
wave or an electromagnetic energy wave. Administered electric currents or their derivatives have two attributes: (1) pain relief and
(2) regeneration of tissues. 

Magnetic
fields are induced beneath the skin surface to create localized, planar heat in the dermis and deeper muscle, while selectively avoiding
sensitive structures in the epidermis and fat layers. By comparison, our SOLACE device creates currents in discreet planes beneath
 the tissue surface rather than directing energy through the planes and penetrating the epidermis. Therefore, our EMI technology
may provide for shorter duration of treatments and a more comfortable patient experience vs. other energy-based technologies. 

5 

SOLACE 
delivers RF energy via a user-friendly hand-held applicator that allows for targeted and ergonomic application of RF energy to discrete
areas of concern. In contrast, competitor diathermy devices utilize a large drum applicator wherein the RF energy is emitted across a
large surface area. Diathermy is the controlled production of deep heating beneath the skin in the subcutaneous tissue, deep muscles
and joints for therapeutic purposes. There are two types of diathermy devices on the market today: radio or high frequency and microwave.
The drum applicator design limits the tissue targeting to larger joints, while smaller joints or tissue areas (e.g. acromion of the shoulder,
plantar aspect of foot, neck) are largely unaddressed. The hand-held applicator from the SOLACE device provides a small surface
area (approx. 3 cm 2 which is coated in Teflon that can easily be positioned to target smaller body parts providing a
differentiation compared to large drum-type radio frequency devices fail to adequately treat. 

Presently,
the Company is in the process of preparing the documents necessary to submit an application to the FDA for clearance of our planned device.
We plan on also filing a provisional patent for the changes and new development of our device over our previous licensed device from
LCMD, The Company has an accumulated deficit of 3,310,374. It is anticipated that the total expected financial outlay to complete the
development and FDA application is approximately 250,000, combined with operating expenses the Company may not be able to have enough
cash flow to support the Company s daily operations resulting in an opinion by the auditors of the Company continuing as a going
concern. 

We
anticipate that our SOLACE device will be cleared by the FDA via the 510k process and that it will be deemed to be substantially equivalent
to the identified predicate device called the Bebe device, The Bebe device was originally cleared by the FDA in 2014 by the Marchitto
Entities and subsequently sold to LCMD via an Asset Purchase Agreement and an Intellectual Property License Agreement. The Bebe device
is indicated for use in the treatment of selected medical conditions such as pain relief, muscle spasms, and joint contractures, but
not for the treatment of malignancies. 

Overview 

Qualis
Innovations Inc. (hereinafter the Company, We, Qualis Qualis was incorporated
in the state of Nevada on March 23, 2006. On June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix
Health, Inc. (formerly known as EMF Medical Devices, Inc.), a Delaware corporation mPathix ), pursuant to which mPathix
was acquired by the Company. Qualis is now the holding company under which mPathix operates. mPathix is a clinical stage company focused
on the development, production, and distribution of pain management and other central nervous system (CNS) based solutions. 

We
are developing a product designed to address the unmet needs of patients who seek alternatives to traditional pain medications and interventions
or adjunctive therapies to their current treatment regimen. We believe that our product will provide clinicians and patients with new
and differentiated set of pain management tools to meet the diversity of patient needs. 

Competition 

The
medical device industry is constantly evolving, and scientific advances are expected to continue at a rapid pace. This results in intense
competition among companies operating in the industry. Other, larger companies may have, or may be developing, products that compete
with our product and may significantly limit the market acceptance of our product or render them obsolete. Our technical and/or business
competitors would include major pharmaceutical companies, large and small medical device companies, universities and nonprofit research
institutions and foundations. Most of these competitors have significantly greater research and development capabilities than we have,
as well as substantial marketing, financial and managerial resources. 

Our
product are expected to primarily compete with manufacturers who develop and market alternative devices utilizing vastly different technology.
There are many other companies, both public and private, that service the same markets as we do, all of which compete to some degree
with our company. This includes medical device companies, drug companies and other companies and industries addressing the pain treatment
market. These organizations are also expected to compete with us for acquisitions, joint ventures, or other collaborations and to attract
qualified personnel. In addition, as current or new products gain market acceptance, we may experience increased competition for our
product, and we may not be able to compete effectively. Failure to effectively compete could adversely affect our market share, financial
condition, and growth prospects. 

6 

The
primary competitive factors facing us include ease of use, safety, price, quality, innovative design and technical capability, breadth
of product line, service, and distribution capabilities. Our current and future competitors may have greater resources, more widely accepted
and innovative products, greater technical capabilities and stronger name recognition than we do. Our ability to compete is affected
by our ability to: 

1. 
 obtain
 regulatory clearance and compliance for our product in regards to future modifications and design; This process of regulatory clearance
 involves getting FDA approval for our planned product which includes filing an application for 510(k) approval for our type of medical
 device. The application consists of safety testing, design review, modifications made to the device to ensure safety of those modifications,
 quality management systems, labeling, distribution manufacturing, sales, promotion and other compliance requirements associated with
 a Class II medical device which the SOLACE device is a part of. A Class II medical device are those devices that have a moderated
 to high risk to the patient, 43 of all medical devices fall under this category. 

2. 
 manufacture
 and sell or lease our product cost effectively; 

3. 
 meet
 all relevant quality standards for our product in their particular markets; 

4. 
 develop
 or acquire new products and innovative technologies; 

5. 
 respond
 to competitive pressures specific to each of our geographic and product markets; 

6. 
 protect
 the proprietary technology of our product and avoid infringement of the proprietary rights of others 

7. 
 market
 our product; 

8. 
 attract
 and retain skilled employees, including sales representatives; and 

9. 
 maintain
 and establish distribution relationships. 

Competitors
could develop products that are more effective, achieve more favorable reimbursement status from third-party payors, cost less or are
ready for commercial introduction before our product. If our competitors are better able to develop and patent products earlier than
we can or develop more effective and/or less expensive products that render our product obsolete or non-competitive, our business will
be harmed and our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated. 

Currently,
we are not a manufacturer. To the extent that we engage third party manufacturers to produce our product, our manufacturing capabilities
may not be adequate or sufficient to compete with large scale, direct or third-party manufacturers, which may be able to secure inventory
from vendors on more favorable terms, operate with a lower cost structure or adopt more aggressive pricing policies. 

Manufacturing 

We
will use Shanghai Zhiting Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd SZIT as our CMO to manufacture the SOLACE device, and to warehouse
our product in their facilities in the San Francisco. SZIT is ISO 13482:2016 certified. We also intend to identify a back-up manufacture
to ensure the integrity of our product supply chain in case of natural disaster or political uncertainty. 

We
plan use Kanban inventory management by which our SOLACE inventory will be held by Supertech Medical Devices Inc.( Supertech at their warehouse until customer orders are received. Devices will be shipped from Supertech s warehouse. 

Product
Distribution 

We
plan to initially offer our SOLACE device via a purchase or leasing model and we will generate demand with a combination of direct and
independent sales representatives in the United States. Field sales representatives will be engaged to sell in predefined geographic
markets and will be compensated based on a commission amount of the revenues generated by the medical device. The focus will be to market
our device to a target audience of professionals who specialize in the use of multi-modal, or multi-disciplinary, pain management techniques. 

Our
target audience includes chiropractors, physical therapists, and pain management specialists. However, our sales and promotional effort
will be focused on using an account-based approach to further segment the market which will allow us to promote the SOLACE device in
the most efficient manner. Our primary promotional targets will be multi-practitioner clinics and high throughput, solo-practitioner
offices. We also intend to have a Corporate Accounts team to target large national and regional chiropractic and physical therapy chains.
Examples of corporate accounts targets include The Joint, a national chiropractic franchise with over 500 locations, and ATI Physical
Therapy with 900 locations across the US. 

7 

At
launch, we will sell our SOLACE device directly to customers who will be able to either buy it outright or lease it via a third-party
financing partner, Coastal Capital Group. If the device is to be leased, mPathix will be paid 50 of the purchase price upon leasing
signing and 50 upon device delivery to the customer. 

Although
we plan to sell or lease the SOLACE device to target accounts at launch, we are also developing a proprietary method of revenue
sharing that will allow for greater utilization of our device with customers, and thus expanding our market penetration into a broader
subset of customers for whom purchasing or leasing the SOLACE device is not practical. Based on this approach, we may be able to accelerate
the number of devices placed based on a greatly reduced acquisition cost for our customer. Further, it may be possible for mPathix to
have real-time revenue recognition, which could lead to significantly lower days sales outstanding. 

mPathix
is also evaluating unique distribution models to fully maximize our reach with our target audience. Potential distribution models include
 device sharing or on-demand availability of the SOLACE device, allowing even the lowest patient throughput
practices to access our technology. Such distribution models will be test marketed prior to any potential national implementation. 

Regardless
of which distribution model, or combination of models, is utilized, each account that accesses the SOLACE device will incorporate a monthly
fee for device calibration and maintenance. 

Reimbursement 

Based
on our target market (i.e., chiropractors and physical therapists), we believe many, if not most, patients will pay out of pocket for
treatment with the SOLACE device. However, there will be certain practitioners, including medical doctors, who will treat patients
with medical insurance plans and attempt get reimbursement for their service. In this revenue stream, revenue will be derived from patients
with insurance plans held by private health insurance carriers, typically known as HMOs or PPOs, who pay on behalf of their insureds
and worker s compensation claims. This will continue to create revenue which will become recurring as patients are treated on a
regular basis. 

The
Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) code 97024, as maintained by American Medical Association, is a medical procedural code under the
category of Supervised Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Modalities. CPT 97024 includes the application of a modality to 1 or more
areas; Diathermy (e.g., microwave). This is the code healthcare professionals may be able to use for billing and reimbursement, in addition
to the ICD-10 diagnosis code, for payment by insurers. The provider fee for 97024 is assumed to about 30. 

Government
Regulation 

The
Company cannot commence sales of our planned SOLACE device until the device has been approved by the FDA. The Company has not yet filed
a 510(k) application with the FDA to receive approval for the planned SOLACE device. Once the Company has done so, and if and when the
Company receives FDA approval of its 510(k) application for the SOLACE device, we would then be subject to extensive regulation by the
FDA and foreign and state regulatory authorities. In the United States, medical device companies must comply with laws and regulations
promulgated by the FDA. These laws and regulations require various authorizations prior to a product being marketed in the United States.
Manufacturing facilities and practices are also subject to FDA regulations. The FDA regulates the clinical testing, manufacture, labeling,
sale, distribution and promotion of medical devices in the United States. If and when we receive FDA approval for our planned SOLACE
device, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including any future changes to such requirements, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations as such failure could prevent us from selling or licensing
our SOLACE device in the United States. 

Even
after clearance or approval of our planned device, we would still be subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including the requirements
of registering our facilities and listing our product with the FDA. We would be subject to medical device reporting regulations. These
regulations would require us to report to the FDA if any of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury
or has malfunctioned and such product or a similar product that we market would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury
if the malfunction were to recur. We would also be required, unless an exemption applies, to report corrections and removals to the FDA
where the correction or removal was initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. Additionally, we would be required by the FDA to maintain records of corrections or removals, regardless
of whether such corrections and removals are required to be reported to the FDA. In addition, the FDA would closely regulate any device
promotion and advertising, and our future promotional and advertising activities with respect to our planned SOLACE device could come
under scrutiny by the FDA. 

8 

We
would also be subject to arbitrary impounding and inspections of our device shipments by the FDA, despite having FDA approval and 510(k)
clearance. While we would expect after our first few initial shipments for this to be a less likely event, there is no assurance that
the FDA may not arbitrarily impound our planned devices without notice and with no definitive timeline to provide a venue for the Company
to prove our compliance and to have the product released to our distributor(s) or customer(s). 

The
FDA will also require that we, or our contract manufacturers, manufacture our product in accordance with its Quality System Regulation,
or QSR. The QSR covers the methods and documentation of the design, testing, control, manufacturing, labeling, quality assurance, packaging,
storage and shipping of our planned devices. Failure to maintain compliance with the QSR requirements could result in the shutdown of,
or restrictions on, our future manufacturing operations and the recall or seizure of our product, which would be expected to have a material
adverse effect on our future business. Similarly, in the event that one of our suppliers fails to maintain compliance with quality requirements,
we would likely have to qualify a new supplier and could experience manufacturing delays as a result. 

The
FDA has broad enforcement powers. If we violate applicable regulatory requirements before or after we receive FDA approval for our planned
SOLACE device, the FDA may bring enforcement actions against us, which may include the following sanctions: 

Form
 483 deficiency observations, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

mandatory
 repair, replacement, recall or seizure of our product, which may include refunds by us of the purchase price; 

operating
 restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing
 or delaying our requests for 510(k) clearance or PMA of new products or new intended uses of our existing product; 

withdrawing
 510(k) clearances, or PMAs that have already been granted; or 

criminal
 prosecution. 

If
any of these events were to occur, they would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this filing, we have no full-time employees. 

Where
You Can Find our Reports 

Any
person or entity may read and copy our reports with the Commission at the Commission s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E.,
Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Room by calling the Commission toll free at
1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission also maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov where reports, proxies and other disclosure
statements on public companies may be viewed by the public. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

This
item is not applicable because we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

The
Company has a virtual office located at 225 Wilmington West Chester Pike, Suite 200 #145, Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania 19317 with telephone
number: (484) 483-2134. As of the date of this prospectus, the Company does not have any physical property other than its prototype medical
device equipment. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our
business. We are not currently involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future.
To the best our knowledge, none of our directors, officers or affiliates is involved in a legal proceeding adverse to our business or
has a material interest adverse to our business. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

There
is no information required to be disclosed by us under this Item. 

9 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
stock is quoted on the OTC markets under the symbol QLIS. We were listed on May 23, 2016. There are 8,475,950 shares outstanding
as of April 21, 2023. 

(b)
Transfer Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Securities Stock Transfer Corporation located at 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380,
Plano, TX 75093 telephone number (469) 633-0088. 

(b)
Shareholders of Record 

The
number of beneficial holders of record of our common stock as of the close of business on December 31, 2022 was 152. 

(c)
Dividends 

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends in the next term. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operation of
our business. We currently have no restrictions affecting our ability to pay cash dividends. 

(d)
Equity Compensation Plans 

In
June 2021, the board of directors of the Company authorized the adoption and implementation of the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The principal purpose of the 2021 Plan is to attract, retain and motivate employees, officers, directors,
consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors of the Company and its related companies by providing them the opportunity
to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company and to link their interests and efforts to the long-term interests of the Company s
shareholders. Under the 2021 Plan, an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock have initially been reserved
for issuance pursuant to a variety of stock-based compensation awards, including stock options, stock awards, restricted stock, restricted
stock units and other stock and cash-based awards. The exercise price for each option may not be less than fair market value of the common
stock on the date of grant, and shall vest as determined by the Company s board of directors but shall not exceed a ten-year period. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Because
we are a smaller reporting company, this Item 6 is not applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this filing. This discussion and other parts of this filing contain forward-looking
statements that involve risk and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, and beliefs. Our
actual results may differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including
those set forth under Risk Factors and in other parts of this filing, and you should not place undue certain on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this filing. See Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

10 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) (19) of the Securities Act. Pursuant to Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act, we may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards, meaning that we can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new
or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies to delay adoption of such standards until such standards are made applicable
to private companies. Accordingly, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public
companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

OVERVIEW: 

Historical
Development 

Our
Company 

Qualis
Innovations Inc. (hereinafter the Company, We, Qualis Qualis was incorporated
in the state of Nevada on March 23, 2006. On June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix
Health, Inc. (formerly known as EMF Medical Devices, Inc.), a Delaware corporation mPathix ), pursuant to which mPathix
was acquired by the Company. Qualis is now the holding company under which mPathix operates. mPathix is a clinical stage company focused
on the development, production, and distribution of pain management and other central nervous system (CNS) based solutions. 

We
are developing a product designed to address the unmet needs of patients who seek alternatives to traditional pain medications and interventions
or adjunctive therapies to their current treatment regimen. We believe that our product will provide clinicians and patients with new
and differentiated set of pain management tools to meet the diversity of patient 

Recent
Developments 

We
have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP ). 

Financing
Transactions 

Insurance
Financing Agreement 

On
July 20, 2022, the Company entered into a loan to finance its directors and officer s insurance policy effective June 28, 2022.
The loan has a principal balance of 90,225, bears interest at 8.83 per annum, and is due and payable in nine monthly payments of 10,397.
During the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company made repayments of 59,033 and has a balance of 31,192 at December 31, 2022. 

Acquisition
of mPathix 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix Health, Inc.
(formerly EMF Medical Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation) mPathix and Qualis. The closing of the transaction (the
 Closing took place on June 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of the
Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares (the Shares of mPathix. In exchange, the Company
issued to the mPathix shareholder s, their designees or assigns, an aggregate of 6,988,300 shares of Company common stock (the
 Shares Component or 93.36 of the shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing (the
 Share Exchange ), at a valuation of 0.50 per share, and the Company issued warrants to purchase an additional 1,098,830
shares (698,830 warrants issued to the Company s previous CEO and 400,000 to CreoMed which is beneficially owned by Dr. Joseph
Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable for 10 years at
a 0.50 per share exercise price, subject to adjustment. In connection with the closing of the mPathix acquisition, the officers and
directors of mPathix were appointed as the officers and directors of the Company. 

The
acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization since the stockholders of mPathix prior to the acquisition
acquired a majority of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company immediately following the completion of the transaction.
mPathix was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction, and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization
of mPathix. As a result, the Company was considered to be the continuation of the predecessor, mPathix. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities
and the historical operations that are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements are those of mPathix and are
recorded at the historical cost basis of mPathix. The Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated
with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of mPathix after consummation of the acquisition. 

11 

Stock
Based Compensation 

Employment
Agreement 

On
March 1, 2021, Mr. Ahmet Demir Bingol, the Company s CEO entered into an Employment Agreement with the Company, with an effective
date of March 16, 2021, in which he receives an annual base salary of 250,000, plus bonus compensation not to exceed 80 of base salary.
In addition, Mr. Bingol was granted 698,830 warrants to purchase 698,830 of the Company s common stock, valued at 165,378 (based
on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The warrants are exercisable for a period of ten years at 0.50 per share
in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise, and fully vest at grant date. Mr. Bingol s employment
also provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and one year of severance pay if his employment is terminated without cause
or due to a change in control. Mr. Bingol s compensation was approved by the Company s Board of Directors on March 1, 2021. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified Employment Agreement for Mr. Bingol which was subsequently signed on October
1, 2021. The modification resulted in changing Mr. Bingol s position from CEO to President and in reducing Mr. Bingol s base
salary from 250,000 to 150,000 per year. In addition, his bonus plan was reset with a target bonus at fifty percent (50 of Executive s
Base Salary, based upon the actual achievement of financial and other targets as established in the annual budget approved by the Board,
in its sole and absolute discretion. Further, on October 1, 2021, Mr. Bingol s previously issued warrants were modified such that
he will receive 300,000 warrants that vest immediately at an exercise price of 0.50 and 398,830 warrants that vest over a period of
three years with an exercise price of 0.50. As a result, in accordance with ASC 718-20-35-2A and 718-20-35-3, immediately prior to the
modification, the Company calculated the fair value of the warrants and determined that there was no change to the fair value. Subsequent
to the modification, the Company will recognize a loss of 9,155 over the remaining three year vesting period. 

On
February 24, 2022, Mr. Bingol entered into a separation agreement whereby he will terminate his employment effective April 15, 2022.
He received no severance payment and there were no disagreements between he or the Company. A total of 300,000 warrants have vested with
the remaining 398,830 unvested warrants expiring. As a result of Mr. Bingol s termination, the Company reversed the remaining warrant
modification balance of 94,101 during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Consulting
Agreement 

On
May 1, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a related party to provide advisory services to the Company. The consulting
agreement terminates July 31, 2022. Under this consulting agreement, the related party will be entitled to a monthly consulting fee of
 10,000 and a total of 300,000 common shares to be issued 200,000 common shares based on the closing of reverse acquisition transaction,
50,000 common shares on the delivery of two Company s medical devices and 50,000 common shares on the delivery of ten Company s
medical devices. The Company issued 250,000 common shares during the year ended December 31, 2021, for the fair value of 125,000 and
50,000 common shares shall be issued on delivery of an additional eight devices at a fair value estimated to be 25,000. The agreement
has been extended through July 31, 2023 with a 90 day cancellation clause. 

On
January 27, 2022 the Company hired an engineering consultant to assist in completing the design history file, updating new software,
system design, pre 510(k) preparation, and testing of the SOLACE device. This work is expected to be completed by the end of September
2022 and the cost of the contract is 77,850. 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company entered into an Independent Contractor Services Agreement Agreement with a third party to
provide professional services to the Company. The Agreement terminates January 3, 2023. Under this Agreement, the contractor will be
entitled to a monthly consulting fee of 6,000 and a total of 36,000 common shares, valued at 18,000 (based on the estimated fair value
of the stock on the date of grant) for services rendered. The 36,000 common shares to be issued by the end of November 2022. 

Prior
License 

We
previously licensed from Life Care Medical Devices a number of patents in connection with the Prior Device, the predicate device which
was marketed as the BeBe device, and which received 510(k) clearance from the FDA in March 2014. The granted indication
for the BeBe device was to generate deep heat within body tissues for the treatment of medical conditions such as relief of pain,
muscle spasms and joint contractures. 

12 

On
August 28, 2019, our subsidiary, mPathix, entered into a Preliminary License Agreement with LCMD, licensing from LCMD certain patents,
know how, trade secrets, 510(k) clearances and other property (the Property previously transferred to LCMD by the Marchitto
Entities (defined below) in accordance with an Asset Purchase Agreement and a separate Intellectual Property License Agreement dated
November 10, 2015. Jim Holt who served as the sole officer and director of LCMD, is also one of our directors. mPathix had an exclusive
license to reproduce, distribute, sell, lease, display and perform and otherwise use the Property (including the SOLACE medical device)
for use in pain management as of the August 28, 2019 agreement. In consideration, mPathix issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock
(1,878,955 shares issued to LCMD and 121,045 shares issued to an affiliate of LCMD) and paid 110,000 in cash to LCMD on or about on
September 9, 2019, and mPathix was to pay continuing royalties to LCMD, with an initial royalty payment of 6.0 of the net revenues from
pain application sales in each of the first twelve months, and lesser royalties thereafter based on annual device sales. No royalty payments
have been made to or earned by LCMD since no revenues from medical device sales were generated. 

On
June 3, 2021, a Definitive License Agreement was signed by LCMD and mPathix in order to finalize the terms of the August 28, 2019 Preliminary
License Agreement. The terms of the license with LCMD were contingent upon successful fulfilment of a court ordered resolution between
LCMD and the original owners of the underlying intellectual property (the Marchitto Entities ). LCMD was obligated to pay
to the Marchitto Entities the sum of 2,400,000 on or before April 24, 2022, which has not occurred. Accordingly, we consider the license
agreement to be expired, and we do not intend to renew the license agreement with LCMD or otherwise reacquire the intellectual property
from the Marchitto Entities. 

ASC
730-10-25-2(c), Intangible Assets Purchased From Others , requires a company to evaluate the technology acquired, and the applicable
guidance for the determination of alternative future uses. mPathix determined, at the date of the acquisition of the technology, that
it was acquiring an asset that represented a research and development (R D) project that was still in the process of experimentation.
The technology has additional potential future benefits including hyperhidrosis, stress bladder incontinence, and cosmetic indications.
Therefore, the acquisition represented an asset by the Company. 

Based
on the Company s analysis of the Solace medical device, as of December 31, 2021, the Company reassessed the value of the Preliminary
License Agreement with LCMD. Related to this assessment, management determined that the intellectual property used in the Solace device
is different from the intellectual property in the Preliminary License Agreement with LCMD. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment
of intangible assets of 143,226 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was classified in other expenses in the consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

Common
Stock 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company entered into an Independent Contractor Services Agreement Agreement with a third party to
provide professional services to the Company. The Agreement terminates January 3, 2023. Under this Agreement, the contractor will be
entitled to a monthly consulting fee of 6,000 and a total of 36,000 common shares, valued at 18,000 (based on the estimated fair value
of the stock on the date of grant) for services rendered. 

On
July 20, 2022, the Company issued 200,000 common shares to an affiliate for aggregate gross proceeds of 100,000. 

In
July 2021, the Company issued 250,000 common shares to a related party valued at 125,000 (based on the estimated fair value of the stock
on the date of grant) for services rendered. 

In
July 2021, the Company issued 5,000 common shares to a third party valued at 2,500 (based on the estimated fair value of the stock on
the date of grant) for services rendered. 

In
June 2021, the Company issued 300,000 common shares to a third party for aggregate gross proceeds of 150,000. 

In
June 2021, the Company issued 200,000 common shares to a related party for aggregate gross proceeds of 100,000. 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix Health, Inc.
(formerly EMF Medical Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation) mPathix and Qualis. The closing of the transaction (the
 Closing took place on June 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of the
Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares (the Shares of mPathix. In exchange, the Company
issued to the mPathix shareholder s, their designees or assigns, an aggregate of 6,988,300 shares of Company common stock (the
 Shares Component or 93.36 of the shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing (the
 Share Exchange ), at a valuation of 0.50 per share, and the Company issued warrants to purchase an additional 1,098,830
shares (698,830 warrants issued to the Company s previous CEO and 400,000 to CreoMed which is beneficially owned by Dr. Joseph
Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable for 10 years at
a 0.50 per share exercise price, subject to adjustment. In connection with the closing of the mPathix acquisition, the officers and
directors of mPathix were appointed as the officers and directors of the Company. 

13 

The
acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization since the stockholders of mPathix owned
a majority of the outstanding shares of the common stock immediately following the completion of the transaction assuming that
holders of 10 of the Public Shares exercise their conversion rights. mPathix was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the
transaction and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization of mPathix. As a result, Qualis was considered to be
the continuation of the predecessor mPathix. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are
reflected in the consolidated financial statements are those of mPathix and are recorded at the historical cost basis of mPathix.
Qualis s assets, liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with the assets, liabilities and results of
operations of mPathix after consummation of the acquisition. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Company issued 900,000 common shares to Echo Resources LLP in conjunction with share agreement. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Company issued 496,650 common shares for the recapitalization of Qualis in conjunction with the reverse acquisition. 

On
February 14, 2021, the Company issued a total of 30,000 restricted common shares to members of its Board of Directors, valued at 15,000
(based on the estimated fair value of the stock on the date of grant) for services to be rendered in FY 2021. 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 common shares to third parties for aggregate gross proceeds of 1,000,000. 

Warrants 

On
February 14, 2021, the Company granted 400,000 warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock to a CreoMed (controlled
by Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi, Acting CEO and Chairman of the Board) for consulting services, valued at 109,512 (based on the Black Scholes
valuation model on the date of grant). The warrants are exercisable for a period of seven years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part,
as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise, and fully vest at grant date. 

On
March 16, 2021, the Company granted 698,830 warrants to purchase 698,830 shares of the Company s common stock to Ahmet Demir Bingol,
valued at 166,141 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant), pursuant to his Employment Agreement. The warrants
are exercisable for a period of ten years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise,
and fully vest at grant date. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Qualis Innovations, Inc. has cancelled previous warrants agreement and regranted warrants to purchase an additional
1,098,830 shares (698,830 warrants issued to the Ahmet Demir Bingol, Company s previous CEO and 400,000 to CreoMed which is beneficially
owned by Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable
for 10 years at a 0.50 per share exercise price, subject to adjustment in conjunction with the share exchange agreement. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified Employment Agreement for Mr. Bingol which was subsequently signed on October
1, 2021. The modification resulted in changing Mr. Bingol s position from CEO to President. Further, on October 1, 2021, Mr. Bingol s
previously issued warrants were modified such that he will receive 300,000 warrants that vest immediately at an exercise price of 0.50
and 398,830 warrants that vest over a period of three years with an exercise price of 0.50. As a result, in accordance with ASC 718-20-35-2A
and 718-20-35-3, immediately prior to the modification, the Company calculated the fair value of the warrants and determined that there
was no change to the fair value. Subsequent to the modification, the Company will recognize a loss of 9,155 over the remaining three-year
vesting period. 

On
February 24, 2022, Mr. Bingol entered into a separation agreement whereby he will terminate his employment effective April 15, 2022.
He received no severance payment and there were no disagreements between he or the Company. A total of 300,000 warrants have vested with
the remaining 398,830 unvested warrants expiring. As a result of Mr. Bingol s termination, the Company reversed the remaining warrant
modification balance of 94,101 during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company granted 30,000 warrants to purchase 30,000 of the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting
services, valued at 13,547 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period
of three years at 1.00 per share in whole or in part, and fully vest at grant date. 

On
March 29, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the granting of 400,000 warrants, with effect from April 1, 2022, convertible to the
Company s common shares with an exercise price of 1.10, valued at 290,276 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the
date of grant), to our acting CEO and Chairman Joseph V. Pergolizzi Jr., MD through his company, CreoMed, Inc. with an expiration period
of 10 years. These warrants were issued as compensation for the first quarter to Joseph V. Pergolizzi Jr., MD. 

14 

On
August 1, 2022, based on a revised agreement signed by the relevant parties, the Company granted 60,000 warrants to purchase 60,000 of
the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting services, valued at 7,632 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model
on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period of three years at 1.10 per share in whole or in part, and fully vest
at grant date. 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company granted 300,000 warrants to purchase 300,000 of the Company s common stock to a third party for
consulting services, valued at 60,916 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable
for a period of four years at 1.10 per share in whole or in part and vest 50 in six months and the remaining 50 in twelve months from
the grant date. 

Options 

In
July 2021, the Company granted a total of 100,000 options to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock to third parties
for consulting services, valued at 25,077 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable
for a period of five years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part and vest 50 in six months and the remaining 50 in twelve months from
the grant date. 

On
June 7, 2021, the Company granted 20,000 options to purchase 20,000 shares of the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting
services, valued at 5,040 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period
of five years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part and vest 50 in six months and the remaining 50 in twelve months from the grant
date. 

Impairment
of Intangible Assets 

Based
on the Company s analysis of the Solace medical device, as of December 31, 2021, the Company reassessed the value of the Preliminary
License Agreement with LCMD. Related to this assessment, management determined that the intellectual property used in the Solace device
is different from the intellectual property in the Preliminary License Agreement with LCMD. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment
of intangible assets of 143,226 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and is classified in other expenses in the consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

Limited
Operating History; Need for Additional Capital 

There
is limited historical financial information about us on which to base an evaluation of our performance. We have not finalized development
of our planned SOLACE device, nor have we generated any cash flow from operations. The Company s cash position may not be sufficient
to support the Company s daily operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is
subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, and possible cost overruns
due to increases in the cost of services. To become profitable and competitive, we must receive additional capital. We have no assurance
that future financing will materialize. If that financing is not available, we may be unable to continue operations. 

Overview
of Presentation 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A or Plan of Operations includes the following sections: 

Results
 of Operations 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

Capital
 Expenditures 

Going
 Concern 

Critical
 Accounting Policies 

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

15 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and professional fees required to support our operations and growth. 

Depending
on the extent of our future growth, we may experience significant strain on our management, personnel, and information systems. We will
need to implement and improve operational, financial, and management information systems. In addition, we are implementing new information
systems that will provide better record-keeping. However, there can be no assurance that our management resources or information systems
will be sufficient to manage any future growth in our business, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following discussion represents a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The results
of operations for the periods shown in our audited consolidated financial statements are not necessarily indicative of operating results
for the entire period. In the opinion of management, the audited consolidated financial statements recognize all adjustments of a normal
recurring nature considered necessary to fairly state our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Net revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost of sales 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross Profit 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses 
 920,515 
 1,588,890 
 
 Other expense 
 - 
 143,226 
 
 Net loss before income taxes 
 (920,515 
 (1,732,116 

Revenues 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no revenues. 

Cost
of Sales 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no cost of sales. 

Operating
expenses 

Operating
expenses decreased by 668,375, or 42.1 , to 920,515 for year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,588,890 for the year ended December
31, 2021 primarily due to decreases in compensation costs of 166,511, research and development costs of 424,207, consulting fees of
 277,815, and travel costs of 3,240, offset partially by professional fees of 37,376, insurance costs of 61,832, depreciation costs
of 149, stock based compensation of 81,782, and general and administration costs of 22,259. In March 2021, the Company hired its CEO
resulting in compensation costs and stock based compensation. Effective April 15, 2022, the Company entered into a separation agreement
with its CEO whereby he was terminated resulting in decreased compensation costs. In addition, the Company has incurred an increase in
professional fees (primarily legal and audit fees) and has decreased consulting fees (primarily the fair value of common stock and options
issued for services), as a result of the Company filing its S-1 and 10K. Amortization of the Company s Intellectual Property License
Agreement decreased in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the years ended December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had research and development costs of 76,360 and general and administrative expenses of
 844,155 primarily due to professional fees of 165,993, compensation costs of 43,288, depreciation costs of 17,102, consulting
fees of 187,894, insurance costs of 144,427, travel costs of 1,686, stock based compensation of 247,923, and general and
administration costs of 35,842. Amortization of the Company s Intellectual Property License Agreement decreased in the year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Consulting fees consist of 273,387 of the fair value of
common stock and options issued for services and 162,430 of consulting services. 

16 

For
the years ended December 31, 2021, we had research and development costs of 500,567, stock based compensation of 166,141, and general
and administrative expenses of 922,182 primarily due to compensation costs of 209,799, depreciation costs of 16,953, professional
fees of 128,617, consulting costs of 465,709, insurance costs of 82,595, travel costs of 4,926, and general and administration costs
of 13,583, as a result of adding administrative infrastructure for our anticipated business development. In March 2021, the Company
hired its CEO resulting in compensation costs and stock based compensation. Consulting fees consist of 274,809 of the fair value of
common stock and options issued for services and 190,900 of consulting services. Research and development costs consist of 429,677
for the amortization of the Company s Intellectual Property License Agreement, and 70,890 to a third party for an evaluation of
our product. 

Other
Income 

Other
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was none. Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 143,226 resulted from an
impairment of assets. 

Net
loss before income taxes 

Net
loss before income for years ended December 31, 2022 totaled 920,515 primarily due to (increases/decreases) in compensation costs, professional
fees, consulting fees, depreciation, insurance costs, research and development costs, and general and administration costs compared to
a loss of 1,732,116 for years ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to (increases/decreases) in compensation costs, consulting fees,
professional fees, depreciation, travel costs, insurance costs, research and development costs, and general and administration costs. 

Assets
and Liabilities 

Assets
were 315,561 as of December 31, 2022. Assets consisted primarily of cash of 69,858, inventory of 40,175, deposits of 54,000, other
current assets of 92,170, and property and equipment of 39,258. Liabilities were 71,507 as of December 31, 2022. Liabilities consisted
primarily of accounts payable and accrued expenses and short-term note payable. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among
other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company had an accumulated
deficit of 3,625,287 at December 31, 2022, had working capital of 184,696 at December 31, 2022, had net losses of 920,515 and 1,732,116
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and net cash used in operating activities of 558,426 and 792,844 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with no revenue earned since inception, and a lack of operational history.
These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While
the Company is attempting to expand operations and increase revenues, the Company s cash position may not be significant enough
to support the Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public offering or an asset
sale transaction. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues
provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While management believes in the viability of its strategy to
generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds or transact an asset sale, there can be no assurances to that effect or
on terms acceptable to the Company. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability
to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

General
 Overall, we had a decrease in cash flows for years ended December 31, 2022 of 458,426 resulting from cash used in operating
activities of 558,426, offset partially by cash provided by financing activities of 100,000. 

The
following is a summary of our cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities during the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (558,426 
 (792,844 
 
 Investing activities 
 - 
 (1,787 
 
 Financing activities 
 100,000 
 1,250,000 

(458,426 
 455,369 

17 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operations was 558,426
compared to net cash used in operations of 792,844 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in operations was primarily
due to a net loss of 920,515 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the changes in operating assets and liabilities of 70,933,
primarily due to other current assets of 8,974, inventory of 20,100, short-term notes payable of 31,192 and accounts payable and
accrued expenses of 22,067, offset partially by other current liabilities of 11,400. In addition, net cash used in operating
activities includes adjustments to reconcile net profit from depreciation expense of 17,102, warrants issued for services of
 342,024, options issued for services of 8,131, issuance of common stock for services of 18,000, and warrants forfeited in
conjunction with compensation related parties of 94,101. 

Net
cash used in operations was primarily due to a net loss of 1,732,116 for year ended December 31, 2021 and the changes in operating assets
and liabilities of 90,771, primarily due to the changes in deposits of 36,000, accounts payable and accrued expenses of 18,248, and
other current liabilities of 11,400, offset partially by other current assets of 96,144 and inventory of 60,275. In addition, net
cash used in operating activities includes adjustments to reconcile net profit from amortization expense of 429,677, depreciation expense
of 16,953, warrants issued for services of 131,546, stock based compensation related parties of 166,141, issuance of common
stock for services of 2,500, issuance of common stock for services related parties of 140,000, and an impairment of assets
of 143,226. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities For the years ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing was none compared to
cash flows used in investing activities of 1,787 for years ended December 31, 2021 due to the purchase of property and equipment. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities For years ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing was 100,000 due to
proceeds from issuance of common stock for cash. For years ended December 31, 2021, cash flows provided by financing activities was 1,250,000
due to proceeds from issuance of common stock for cash. 

Financing
 We expect that our current working capital position, together with our expected future cash flows from operations will
be insufficient to fund our operations in the ordinary course of business, anticipated capital expenditures, debt payment requirements
and other contractual obligations for at least the next twelve months. However, this belief is based upon many assumptions and is subject
to numerous risks, and there can be no assurance that we will not require additional funding in the future. 

We
have no present agreements or commitments with respect to any material acquisitions of other businesses, products, product rights or
technologies or any other material capital expenditures. However, we will continue to evaluate acquisitions of and/or investments in
products, technologies, capital equipment or improvements or companies that complement our business and may make such acquisitions and/or
investments in the future. Accordingly, we may need to obtain additional sources of capital in the future to finance any such acquisitions
and/or investments. We may not be able to obtain such financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Due to the ongoing global
economic crisis, we believe it may be difficult to obtain additional financing if needed. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing,
it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our shareholders,
in the case of equity financing. 

Acquisition
of mPathix 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix Health, Inc.
(formerly EMF Medical Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation) mPathix and Qualis. The closing of the transaction (the
 Closing took place on June 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of the
Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares (the Shares of mPathix. In exchange, the Company
issued to the mPathix shareholder s, their designees or assigns, an aggregate of 6,988,300 shares of Company common stock (the
 Shares Component or 93.36 of the shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing (the
 Share Exchange ), at a valuation of 0.50 per share, and the Company issued warrants to purchase an additional 1,098,830
shares (698,830 warrants issued to the Company s previous CEO and 400,000 to CreoMed which is beneficially owned by Dr. Joseph
Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable for 10 years at
a 0.50 per share exercise price, subject to adjustment. In connection with the closing of the mPathix acquisition, the officers and
directors of mPathix were appointed as the officers and directors of the Company. 

18 

The
acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization since the stockholders of mPathix prior to the acquisition
acquired a majority of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company immediately following the completion of the transaction.
mPathix was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction, and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization
of mPathix. As a result, the Company was considered to be the continuation of the predecessor, mPathix. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities
and the historical operations that are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements are those of mPathix and are
recorded at the historical cost basis of mPathix. The Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated
with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of mPathix after consummation of the acquisition. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

Employment
Agreement 

On
March 1, 2021, Mr. Ahmet Demir Bingol, the Company s CEO entered into an Employment Agreement with the Company, with an effective
date of March 16, 2021, in which he receives an annual base salary of 250,000, plus bonus compensation not to exceed 80 of base salary.
In addition, Mr. Bingol was granted 698,830 warrants to purchase 698,830 of the Company s common stock, valued at 165,378 (based
on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The warrants are exercisable for a period of ten years at 0.50 per share
in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise, and fully vest at grant date. Mr. Bingol s employment
also provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and one year of severance pay if his employment is terminated without cause
or due to a change in control. Mr. Bingol s compensation was approved by the Company s Board of Directors on March 1, 2021. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified Employment Agreement for Mr. Bingol which was subsequently signed on October
1, 2021. The modification resulted in changing Mr. Bingol s position from CEO to President and in reducing Mr. Bingol s base
salary from 250,000 to 150,000 per year. In addition, his bonus plan was reset with a target bonus at fifty percent (50 of Executive s
Base Salary, based upon the actual achievement of financial and other targets as established in the annual budget approved by the Board,
in its sole and absolute discretion. Further, on October 1, 2021, Mr. Bingol s previously issued warrants were modified such that
he will receive 300,000 warrants that vest immediately at an exercise price of 0.50 and 398,830 warrants that vest over a period of
three years with an exercise price of 0.50. As a result, in accordance with ASC 718-20-35-2A and 718-20-35-3, immediately prior to the
modification, the Company calculated the fair value of the warrants and determined that there was no change to the fair value. Subsequent
to the modification, the Company will recognize a loss of 9,155 over the remaining three year vesting period. 

On
February 24, 2022, Mr. Bingol entered into a separation agreement whereby he will terminate his employment effective April 15, 2022.
He received no severance payment and there were no disagreements between he or the Company. A total of 300,000 warrants have vested with
the remaining 398,830 unvested warrants expiring. As a result of Mr. Bingol s termination, the Company reversed the remaining warrant
modification balance of 94,101 during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Consulting
Agreement 

On
May 1, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a related party to provide advisory services to the Company. The consulting
agreement terminates July 31, 2022. Under this consulting agreement, the related party will be entitled to a monthly consulting fee of
 10,000 and a total of 300,000 common shares to be issued 200,000 common shares based on the closing of reverse acquisition transaction,
50,000 common shares on the delivery of two Company s medical devices and 50,000 common shares on the delivery of ten Company s
medical devices. The Company issued 250,000 common shares during the year ended December 31, 2021, for the fair value of 125,000 and
50,000 common shares shall be issued on delivery of an additional eight devices at a fair value estimated to be 25,000. The agreement
has been extended through July 31, 2023 with a 90 day cancellation clause. 

On
January 27, 2022 the Company hired an engineering consultant to assist in completing the design history file, updating new software,
system design, pre 510(k) preparation, and testing of the SOLACE device. This work is expected to be completed by the end of September
2022 and the cost of the contract is 77,850. 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company entered into an Independent Contractor Services Agreement Agreement with a third party to
provide professional services to the Company. The Agreement terminates January 3, 2023. Under this Agreement, the contractor will be
entitled to a monthly consulting fee of 6,000 and a total of 36,000 common shares, valued at 18,000 (based on the estimated fair value
of the stock on the date of grant) for services rendered. The 36,000 common shares to be issued by the end of November 2022. 

19 

Prior
License 

We
previously licensed from Life Care Medical Devices a number of patents in connection with the Prior Device, the predicate device which
was marketed as the BeBe device, and which received 510(k) clearance from the FDA in March 2014. The granted indication
for the BeBe device was to generate deep heat within body tissues for the treatment of medical conditions such as relief of pain,
muscle spasms and joint contractures. 

On
August 28, 2019, our subsidiary, mPathix, entered into a Preliminary License Agreement with LCMD, licensing from LCMD certain patents,
know how, trade secrets, 510(k) clearances and other property (the Property previously transferred to LCMD by the Marchitto
Entities (defined below) in accordance with an Asset Purchase Agreement and a separate Intellectual Property License Agreement dated
November 10, 2015. Jim Holt who served as the sole officer and director of LCMD, is also one of our directors. mPathix had an exclusive
license to reproduce, distribute, sell, lease, display and perform and otherwise use the Property (including the SOLACE medical device)
for use in pain management as of the August 28, 2019 agreement. In consideration, mPathix issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock
(1,878,955 shares issued to LCMD and 121,045 shares issued to an affiliate of LCMD) and paid 110,000 in cash to LCMD on or about on
September 9, 2019, and mPathix was to pay continuing royalties to LCMD, with an initial royalty payment of 6.0 of the net revenues from
pain application sales in each of the first twelve months, and lesser royalties thereafter based on annual device sales. No royalty payments
have been made to or earned by LCMD since no revenues from medical device sales were generated. 

On
June 3, 2021, a Definitive License Agreement was signed by LCMD and mPathix in order to finalize the terms of the August 28, 2019 Preliminary
License Agreement. The terms of the license with LCMD were contingent upon successful fulfilment of a court ordered resolution between
LCMD and the original owners of the underlying intellectual property (the Marchitto Entities ). LCMD was obligated to pay
to the Marchitto Entities the sum of 2,400,000 on or before April 24, 2022, which has not occurred. Accordingly, we consider the license
agreement to be expired, and we do not intend to renew the license agreement with LCMD or otherwise reacquire the intellectual property
from the Marchitto Entities. 

The
Company is in the process of finalizing the SOLACE product design and is beginning to compile the data required to complete an application
with the FDA. Further, given the substantial changes and modifications that we have identified for our device, the Company will seek
to file provisional patents at the earliest possible date. 

ASC
730-10-25-2(c), Intangible Assets Purchased From Others, requires a company to evaluate the technology acquired, and the applicable guidance
for the determination of alternative future uses. mPathix determined, at the date of the acquisition of the technology, that it was acquiring
an asset that represented a research and development (R D) project that was still in the process of experimentation. The technology
has additional potential future benefits including hyperhidrosis, stress bladder incontinence, and cosmetic indications. Therefore, the
acquisition represented an asset by the Company. 

The
Intellectual Property License Agreement will expire in April 2022. mPathix recorded 1,110,000 as an intangible asset and is being amortized
on a straight-line basis thru the end of the licensing agreement of April 2022. 

Based
on the Company s analysis of the Solace medical device, as of December 31, 2021, the Company reassessed the value of the Preliminary
License Agreement with LCMD. Related to this assessment, management determined that the intellectual property used in the Solace device
is different from the intellectual property in the Preliminary License Agreement with LCMD. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment
of intangible assets of 143,226 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and is classified in other expenses in the consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

Common
Stock 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company entered into an Independent Contractor Services Agreement Agreement with a third party to
provide professional services to the Company. The Agreement terminates January 3, 2023. Under this Agreement, the contractor will be
entitled to a monthly consulting fee of 6,000 and a total of 36,000 common shares, valued at 18,000 (based on the estimated fair value
of the stock on the date of grant) for services rendered. 

On
July 20, 2022, the Company issued 200,000 common shares to an affiliate for aggregate gross proceeds of 100,000. 

In
July 2021, the Company issued 250,000 common shares to a related party valued at 125,000 (based on the estimated fair value of the stock
on the date of grant) for services rendered. 

20 

In
July 2021, the Company issued 5,000 common shares to a third party valued at 2,500 (based on the estimated fair value of the stock on
the date of grant) for services rendered. 

In
June 2021, the Company issued 300,000 common shares to a third party for aggregate gross proceeds of 150,000. 

In
June 2021, the Company issued 200,000 common shares to a related party for aggregate gross proceeds of 100,000. 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix Health, Inc.
(formerly EMF Medical Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation) mPathix and Qualis. The closing of the transaction (the
 Closing took place on June 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of the
Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares (the Shares of mPathix. In exchange, the Company
issued to the mPathix shareholder s, their designees or assigns, an aggregate of 6,988,300 shares of Company common stock (the
 Shares Component or 93.36 of the shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing (the
 Share Exchange ), at a valuation of 0.50 per share, and the Company issued warrants to purchase an additional 1,098,830
shares (698,830 warrants issued to the Company s previous CEO and 400,000 to CreoMed which is beneficially owned by Dr. Joseph
Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable for 10 years at
a 0.50 per share exercise price, subject to adjustment. In connection with the closing of the mPathix acquisition, the officers and
directors of mPathix were appointed as the officers and directors of the Company. 

The
acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization since the stockholders of mPathix owned a majority of the outstanding shares of the common stock immediately following the completion of the transaction assuming that holders
of 10 of the Public Shares exercise their conversion rights. mPathix was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction
and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization of mPathix. As a result, Qualis was considered to be the continuation
of the predecessor mPathix. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the consolidated
financial statements are those of mPathix and are recorded at the historical cost basis of mPathix. Qualis s assets, liabilities
and results of operations will be consolidated with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of mPathix after consummation of
the acquisition. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Company issued 900,000 common shares to Echo Resources LLP in conjunction with share agreement. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Company issued 496,650 common shares for the recapitalization of Qualis in conjunction with the reverse acquisition. 

On
February 14, 2021, the Company issued a total of 30,000 restricted common shares to members of its Board of Directors, valued at 15,000
(based on the estimated fair value of the stock on the date of grant) for services to be rendered in FY 2021. 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 common shares to third parties for aggregate gross proceeds of 1,000,000. 

Warrants 

On
February 14, 2021, the Company granted 400,000 warrants to purchase 400,000 of the Company s common stock to CreoMed (controlled
by Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi, Acting CEO and Chairman of the Board) for consulting services, valued at 109,512 (based on the Black Scholes
valuation model on the date of grant). The warrants are exercisable for a period of seven years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part,
as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise, and fully vest at grant date. 

On
March 16, 2021, the Company granted 698,830 warrants to purchase 698,830 shares of the Company s common stock to Ahmet Demir Bingol,
valued at 166,141 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant), pursuant to his Employment Agreement. The warrants
are exercisable for a period of ten years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise,
and fully vest at grant date. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Qualis Innovations, Inc. has cancelled previous warrants agreement and regranted warrants to purchase an additional
1,098,830 shares (698,830 warrants issued to the Ahmet Demir Bingol, Company s previous CEO and 400,000 to CreoMed which is beneficially
owned by Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable
for 10 years at a 0.50 per share exercise price, subject to adjustment in conjunction with the share exchange agreement. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified Employment Agreement for Mr. Bingol which was subsequently signed on October
1, 2021. The modification resulted in changing Mr. Bingol s position from CEO to President. 

21 

Further,
on October 1, 2021, Mr. Bingol s previously issued warrants were modified such that he will receive 300,000 warrants that vest
immediately at an exercise price of 0.50 and 398,830 warrants that vest over a period of three years with an exercise price of 0.50.
As a result, in accordance with ASC 718-20-35-2A and 718-20-35-3, immediately prior to the modification, the Company calculated the fair
value of the warrants and determined that there was no change to the fair value. Subsequent to the modification, the Company will recognize
a loss of 9,155 over the remaining three-year vesting period. 

On
February 24, 2022, Mr. Bingol entered into a separation agreement whereby he will terminate his employment effective April 15, 2022.
He received no severance payment and there were no disagreements between he or the Company. A total of 300,000 warrants have vested with
the remaining 398,830 unvested warrants expiring. As a result of Mr. Bingol s termination, the Company reversed the remaining warrant
modification balance of 94,101 during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company granted 30,000 warrants to purchase 30,000 of the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting
services, valued at 13,547 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period
of three years at 1.00 per share in whole or in part. 

On
March 29, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the granting of 400,000 warrants, with effect from April 1, 2022, convertible to the
Company s common shares with an exercise price of 1.10, valued at 290,276 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the
date of grant), to our acting CEO and Chairman Joseph V. Pergolizzi Jr., MD through his company, CreoMed Inc with an expiration period
of 10 years. These warrants were issued as compensation for the first quarter to Joseph V. Pergolizzi Jr., MD. 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company granted 60,000 warrants to purchase 60,000 of the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting
services, valued at 7,632 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period
of three years at 1.10 per share in whole or in part, and fully vest at grant date. 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company granted 300,000 warrants to purchase 300,000 of the Company s common stock to a third party for
consulting services, valued at 60,916 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable
for a period of four years at 1.10 per share in whole or in part and vest 50 in six months and the remaining 50 in twelve months from
the grant date. 

Options 

On
June 7, 2021, the Company granted 20,000 options to purchase 20,000 of the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting
services, valued at 5,040 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period
of five years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part and vest 50 in six months and the remaining 50 in twelve months from the grant
date. 

In
July 2021, the Company granted a total of 100,000 options to purchase 100,000 of the Company s common stock to third parties for
consulting services, valued at 25,077 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable
for a period of five years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part and vest 50 in six months and the remaining 50 in twelve months from
the grant date. 

Insurance
Financing Agreement 

On
July 20, 2022, the Company entered into a loan to finance its directors and officer s insurance policy effective June 28, 2022.
The loan has a principal balance of 90,225, bears interest at 8.83 per annum, and is due and payable in nine monthly payments of 10,397.
During the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company made repayments of 59,033 and has a balance of 31,192 at December 31, 2022. 

Capital
Expenditures 

Other
Capital Expenditures 

We
expect to purchase approximately 30,000 of equipment in connection with the expansion of our business during the next twelve months. 

Fiscal
year end 

Our
fiscal year end is December 31. 

22 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Refer
to Note 3 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for critical accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer
to Note 3 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Contractual
Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Refer
to Note 10 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for future contractual obligations and commitments. Future
contractual obligations and commitments are based on the terms of the relevant agreements and appropriate classification of items under
U.S. GAAP as currently in effect. Future events could cause actual payments to differ from these amounts. 

We
incur contractual obligations and financial commitments in the normal course of our operations and financing activities. Contractual
obligations include future cash payments required under existing contracts, such as debt and lease agreements. These obligations may
result from both general financing activities and from commercial arrangements that are directly supported by related operating activities.
Details on these obligations are set forth below. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have not entered into any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement with an entity unconsolidated
under which it has: 

a
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to the unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit; 

liquidity
 or market risk support to such entity for such assets; 

an
 obligation, including a contingent obligation, under a contract that would be accounted for as a derivative instrument; or 

an
 obligation, including a contingent obligation, arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that is held by, and
 material to us, where such entity provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to or engages in leasing, hedging,
 or research and development services with us. 

Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial statements and supplementary financial information which are required to be filed under this item are presented under Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 10-K in this document, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

23 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures . We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported accurately, in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and within the required time periods, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who is also our acting Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report
(December 31, 2022), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
our Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective to enable us to accurately record, process, summarize and report certain information required to be
included in the Company s periodic SEC filings within the required time periods, and to accumulate and communicate to our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

There
have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

There
have been no events required to be reported under this Item. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth the names, ages, and biographical information of each of our current directors and executive officers and
the positions with the Company held by each person. Our executive officers are elected annually by the board of directors. The directors
serve one-year terms until their successors are elected. The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death, resignation
or removal by the board of directors. Unless described below, there are no family relationships among any of the directors and officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Jim
 Holt 
 
 66 
 
 Board
 Member 
 
 June
 2021 
 
 Robert
 Bilkovski, MD 
 
 45 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer 
 
 July
 2021 
 
 Madding
 King III (3) 
 
 44 
 
 Board
 Member 
 
 June
 2021 
 
 Dr.
 Joseph V. Pergolizzi, Jr (1) 
 
 52 
 
 Acting
 CEO and Chairman of the Board 
 
 October
 2021 
 
 John
 Ballard (2) 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and board member 
 
 August
 2019 

(1) 
 Dr.
 Pergolizzi resigned from all positions in the Company on December 30, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr.
 Ballard resigned from all positions in the Company on January 7, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. King resigned from all positions in the Company on
 November 15, 2022. 

Jim
Holt Mr. Holt is a director for mPathix Health. Jim Holt is the sole director and director of Life Care Medical Devices Inc.,
our licensor. Mr. Holt from October, 2019 to present is the president and chief compliance officer of CIM Securities. From September
2019 to December 2016 he retired. Prior to retirement, Mr. Holt was wholesaler broker for Coachman Energy from January 2017 to October
2017. 

Robert
Bilkovski, MD. Dr. Bilkovski joined our management as of July 12, 2021, as our Chief Scientific Officer. He has broad management
experience, having served in leadership roles in four Fortune 500 companies overseeing medical affairs and clinical development in IVD,
medical device and pharmaceuticals industries. Dr. Bilkovski, from June 2017 to the present, has been the President of RNB Ventures Consulting
Inc., providing strategic consulting in the field of medical and clinical affairs for medical device and diagnostic companies. Dr. Bilkovski
received his undergraduate degree in biochemistry with a focus in genetic engineering at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
He completed his medical training at Rosalind Franklin University/The Chicago Medical School and subsequently pursued specialization
in emergency medicine. Dr. Bilkovski holds an MBA from the University of Notre Dame. 

24 

The
Company believes that each member of its Board of Directors is qualified to serve as a director due to their experience in the capital
markets and/or the medical field and their general business experience and knowledge. Jim Holt and Madding King have experience in the
capital markets and would be useful in advising the Company on raising funds in the future. Dr. Pergolizzi is an internationally recognized
thought leader in anesthesiology, internal medicine, perioperative care, pain medicine, critical and palliative care, pharmacology, drug
development, and regulatory affairs. This experience is important to advise the Company on regulatory compliance and product development
for our SOLACE device. Mr. Ballard experience is in public reporting and is important to advise the Company on public reporting compliance
and assist in meeting reporting requirements of a public company. 

Board
Composition 

Our
By-Laws provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of not less than one nor more than fifteen directors. Each director of the
Company serves until his successor is elected and qualified, subject to removal by the Company s majority shareholders. Each officer
shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined by the Board of
Directors, and shall hold his office until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. Presently,
Board members receive 25,000 restricted common shares for their service and serve for a period of one year whereby through the annual
meeting new directors may be elected. The role of the board is to advise on both financial and product matters. Additionally, the board
must approve major decisions involving new products, potential acquisitions or funding matters. 

No
Committees of the Board of Directors; No Financial Expert 

We
do not presently have a separately constituted audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or
any other committees of our Board of Directors, nor do we have (i) any directors that would qualify as independent under relevant SEC
or securities exchange rules, (ii) an audit committee, or (iii) a financial expert. Management has determined not to establish an audit
committee at present because our limited resources and limited operating activities do not warrant the formation of an audit committee
or the expense of doing so. As such, our entire Board of Directors acts as our audit committee. We do not have a financial expert serving
on the Board of Directors or employed as an officer based on management s belief that the cost of obtaining the services of a person
who meets the criteria for a financial expert under Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K is
beyond our limited financial resources and the financial skills of such an expert are not required or necessary for us to maintain effective
internal controls and procedures for financial reporting in light of the limited scope and simplicity of accounting issues raised in
our consolidated financial statements at this stage of our development. 

Advisory
Board 

The
Company has also formed an Advisory Board of individuals with expertise relevant to the medical device, medical, and electronics industries.
The advisory board was selected from individuals who were familiar with our medical device either through using the LCMD device or assisted
in the development of our current medical device. The following members have had experience with the LCMD device in using the device
in their practice these individuals include Dr. Ben Edwards and Vanessa Burbage. The Advisory Board s role is to review our device
design plans, and assist in the development of our medical device product the SOLACE. The members of our advisory board serve for a period
of two years and are not compensated for being on the board but have received compensation for their consulting in the testing, engineering
and designing of our product. The Advisory Board has no ability to bind the Company, nor are its members fiduciaries or other agents
of the Company. 

Dr.
Ben Edwards Dr. Edwards currently works as the medical director of Veritas Medical where he has been employed since 2010.
Veritas Medical is a nutrition and lifestyle focused clinic. He graduated from Baylor University in 1993 with a B.A. in Biology and then
received his Medical Degree from the University of Texas-Houston Medical School in 2002. He completed his family practice residency in
2005 at McLennan County Medical Education and Research Foundation in Waco, TX where he was Chief Resident. Upon completion of his medical
training, Dr. Edwards was the sole physician in the county at Garza County Health Clinic, garnering notoriety from the Lubbock Avalanche
Journal, Texas Monthly, and the Washington Post for his very successful operation of a rural county health clinic. In 2012, Dr. Edwards
founded Veritas Medical where he and his team have successfully helped educate and support thousands of patients on their journey from
chronically ill to well. 

25 

Vanessa
Burbage Ms. Burbage is an experienced and practicing electrologist, she currently owns her own medical spa since 1997. She
started out as an electrologist in 1997 and then added laser and aesthetic services thereafter steadily building a loyal customer base.
Dermatologist and Plastic surgeons refer patients to her because of the success of her skin detailing, hair removal, permanent makeup,
and facial skincare. 

Auditor 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is: 

8990 Kirby Drive, Suite 220 

77054 

 Phone:
(713) 588-6622 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company currently does not have a Code of Ethics. 

Potential
Conflicts of Interest 

Since
we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by
such committees are performed by our directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have
the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not
aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives or directors. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship
with us that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this
review, our board of directors determined that our directors do not meet independence requirements, according to the applicable rules
and regulations of the SEC. 

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. Other
than disclosed herein, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
results of our operations. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following is a discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of our named executive officers, or NEOs. This discussion contains
forward looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation
programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from currently planned programs as summarized in this discussion.
As an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we are not required to include a Compensation Discussion and
Analysis section and have elected to comply with the scaled disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. 

26 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (1) our principal executive officer; and (2) each of our two most highly
compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, who we will
collectively refer to as the named executive officers of the Company, are set out in the following summary compensation
table: 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Fiscal 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 ) 

Dr. Joseph V. Pergolizzi, Jr .(8) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 290,276 
 - 
 290,276 
 
 Acting CEO and Chairman of the Board 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 109,512 
 - 
 109,512 

2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

John Ballard (9) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 120,000 
 120,000 
 
 CFO Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 130,000 
 - 
 115,000 
 245,000 

2020 
 70,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70,000 

Demir Bingol (6) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 President 
 2021 
 210,562 
 - 
 - 
 166,141 
 - 
 376,703 

2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Robert Bilkovski, MD 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 9,161 
 - 
 9,161 

2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Austin Adams (7) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 50,000 

2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 The
 dollar value of salary (cash and non-cash) earned. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 dollar value of bonus (cash and non-cash) earned. 
 
 (3) 
 The
 value of the shares of restricted stock issued as compensation for services computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 
 
 (4) 
 The
 value of all stock options computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 
 
 (5) 
 All
 other compensation received that could not be properly reported in any other column of the table. 
 
 (6) 
 Mr.
 Bingol was initially appointed Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer in March 2021. His modified employment agreement
 on October 1, 2021, changed his position from CEO to President. On February 24, 2022, Mr. Bingol entered into a separation agreement
 whereby his employment was terminated effective April 15, 2022. He received no severance payment in connection with that termination,
 and there were no disagreements between him and the Company. A total of 300,000 warrants issued to Mr. Bingol have vested, with the
 remaining 398,830 unvested warrants expiring. 
 
 (7) 
 Mr.
 Adams s position as sole officer and director of the Company was terminated on June 29, 2021. 
 
 (8) 
 Dr.
 Pergolizzi resigned from all positions in the Company on December 30, 2022. 
 
 (9) 
 Mr.
 Ballard resigned from all positions in the Company on January 7, 2023. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans. The Company does not provide its officers or employees with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive
or other plans, nor does it provide non-qualified deferred compensation to its officers or employees, and therefore, the Summary Compensation
Table above does not include columns for nonequity incentive plan compensation and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings, since
there were none. 

Employee
Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plans. The Company does not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other
retirement plan, although it may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. During the year ended December 31, 2020, none of the Company s officers was
also a member of the compensation committee or a director of another entity, which other entity had one of its executive officers serving
as one of the Company s directors. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

Our
directors and officers do not have any unexercised options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards. 

27 

Compensation
of Directors 

Director
Compensation Table 

Fiscal 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 Year 
 (1) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 ) 

Dr. Joseph V. Pergolizzi, Jr. 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 290,276 
 - 
 290,276 
 
 Acting CEO and Chairman of the Board (6), (7) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 109,512 
 - 
 109,512 

2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

John Ballard 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 120,000 
 120,000 
 
 CFO and Director (6), (8) 
 2021 
 - 
 130,000 
 - 
 115,000 
 245,000 

2020 
 70,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70,000 

Madding King 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director (6) ,
 (9) 
 2021 
 - 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 

2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Jim Holt 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director (6) 
 2021 
 - 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 

2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 The
 dollar value of salary (cash and non-cash) earned. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 dollar value of bonus (cash and non-cash) earned. 
 
 (3) 
 The
 value of the shares of restricted stock issued as compensation for services computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 
 
 (4) 
 The
 value of all stock options computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 
 
 (5) 
 All
 other compensation received that could not be properly reported in any other column of the table. 
 
 (6) 
 Appointed
 as a member of the Company s Board of Directors on June 29, 2021. 
 
 (7) 
 Dr.
 Pergolizzi resigned from all positions in the Company on December 30, 2022. 
 
 (8) 
 Mr.
 Ballard resigned from all positions in the Company on January 7, 2023. 
 
 (9) 
 Mr. King resigned from all positions in the
 Company on November 15, 2022. 

Indebtedness
of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management 

None
of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of the Company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been
indebted to the Company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently
outstanding. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding stock awards held by the Named Executive Officers for our year
ended December 31, 2022: 

Option
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Name 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 (#) 

Option
 Exercise Price 
 ) 

Option
 Expiration Date 

Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 

Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 ) 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That
 Have Not Vested 
 ) 

None. 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

28 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table lists, as of April 21, 2023, the number of shares of voting capital stock of our Company that are beneficially owned
by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding class of stock; (ii)
each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership
of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership
concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of
a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment
power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any
security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission
rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial
owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole
voting and investment power. 

The
percentages below are calculated based on 8,475,950 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of April 21, 2023. We do not
have any other outstanding options, warrants exercisable for, or other securities convertible into shares of our common stock within
the next 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed below is in care of Qualis Innovations, Inc., 225 Wilmington
West Chester Pike, Suite 200 #145, Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Hill Blalock Jr. 
 Common Stock 
 3,221,045 
 38.0 
 
 Jim Holt (1) 
 Common Stock 
 1,913,955 
 22.6 
 
 Sharon Adams (2) 
 Common Stock 
 1,132,689 
 13.4 
 
 Austin Adams (3) 
 Common Stock 
 650,000 
 7.7 
 
 John Ballard (4) 
 Common Stock 
 424,500 
 5.0 
 
 Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi (5) 
 Common Stock 
 650,000 
 7.7 
 
 Madding King (6) 
 Common Stock 
 35,000 
 .4 
 
 All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 Common Stock 
 7,827,189 
 92.4 

(1)
 Jim Holt currently serves as the sole officer and director of Life Care Medical Devices Limited and is also a director of Qualis
Innovations, Inc. Mr. Holt is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 1,878,955 shares held in the name of Life Care Medical Devices Limited. 

 (2)
 Ms. Sharon Adams is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 1,132,689 shares held in the name of Echo Resources LLP. Ms. Adams is
the mother of Austin Adams, the former sole officer and director of Qualis Innovations, Inc. 

 (3)
 Mr. Austin Adams is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 500,000 shares held in the name of Cynergy Brookline Healthcare Fund,
LLC, and 150,000 shares held in the name of Cynergy Healthcare Investors Emerging Bridge LLC. Mr. Adams is a former officer and director
of Qualis Innovations, Inc. 

 (4)
 John Ballard is CFO and Director of the Company. Mr. Ballard resigned from all positions in the Company on January 7, 2023. 

 (5)
 Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi, our acting CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors, is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 250,000 shares
held in the name of the CreoMed Inc. Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi is sole officer and director of CreoMed Inc. CreoMed Inc. also has 400,000
warrants to purchase common stock exercisable at .50 per share for ten years. Dr. Pergolizzi resigned from all positions in the Company
on December 30, 2022. 

 (6) Madding
King, a director of Qualis Innovations, Inc. is deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares held in the name of Brookline
Special Situations Fund LLC, where he is an officer and director. Mr. King resigned from all positions in the Company on November
15, 2022. 

29 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
following represents a summary of the Equity Compensation grants and options awards outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and changes
during the years then ended: 

2022 and 2021 
 
 Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plan (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Total 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Other
than compensation arrangements, we describe below transactions and series of similar transactions, since January 1, 2020 (i.e., the last
two completed fiscal years), to which we were a party or will be a party, in which the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser
of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and any of our directors,
executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons,
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Compensation arrangements, including employment agreements, for our directors
and named executive officers are described elsewhere in Executive Compensation - Agreements with Executive Officers. Neither
of our directors is independent. 

Employment
Contracts 

On
March 1, 2021, Mr. Ahmet Demir Bingol, the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO entered into an Employment Agreement
with the Company, with an effective date of March 16, 2021, in which he receives an annual base salary of 250,000, plus bonus compensation
not to exceed 80 of salary. In addition, Mr. Bingol was granted 698,830 warrants to purchase 698,830 of the Company s common stock,
valued at 165,378 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The warrants are exercisable for a period of ten
years at 0.50 per share in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise, and fully vest at grant date. Mr.
Bingol s employment also provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and one year of severance pay if his employment is
terminated without cause or due to a change in control. Mr. Bingol s compensation was approved by the Company s Board of
Directors on March 1, 2021. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified Employment Agreement for Mr. Bingol which was subsequently signed on October
1, 2021. The modification resulted in changing Mr. Bingol s position from CEO to President and in reducing Mr. Bingol s base
salary from 250,000 to 150,000 per year. In addition, his bonus plan was reset with a target bonus at fifty percent (50 of Executive s
Base Salary, based upon the actual achievement of financial and other targets as established in the annual budget approved by the Board,
in its sole and absolute discretion. Further, on October 1, 2021, Mr. Bingol s previously issued warrants were modified such that
he will receive 300,000 warrants that vest immediately at an exercise price of 0.50 and 398,830 warrants that vest over a period of
three years with an exercise price of 0.50. As a result, in accordance with ASC 718-20-35-2A and 718-20-35-3, immediately prior to the
modification, the Company calculated the fair value of the warrants and determined that there was no change to the fair value. Subsequent
to the modification, the Company expects to recognize a loss of 9,155 over the remaining three year vesting period. 

On
February 24, 2022, Mr. Bingol entered into a separation agreement whereby he will terminate his employment effective April 15, 2022.
He received no severance payment and there were no disagreements between he or the Company. A total of 300,000 warrants have vested with
the remaining 398,830 unvested warrants expiring. As a result of Mr. Bingol s termination, the Company reversed the amount of 94,101
against the 398,830 unvested warrants as of March 31, 2022. 

30 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
have entered or intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements,
among other things, will require us to indemnify each individual to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, including indemnification
of expenses such as attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by the individual in any action or proceeding,
including any action or proceeding by or in right of us, arising out of the person s services as a director, officer or other employee. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions with our executive officer(s), director(s) and significant shareholders. We rely on our board to review related party
transactions on an ongoing basis to prevent conflicts of interest. Our board reviews a transaction in light of the affiliations of the
director, officer or employee and the affiliations of such person s immediate family. Transactions are presented to our board for
approval before they are entered into or, if this is not possible, for ratification after the transaction has occurred. If our board
finds that a conflict of interest exists, then it will determine the appropriate remedial action, if any. Our board approves or ratifies
a transaction if it determines that the transaction is consistent with the best interests of the Company. We intend to establish formal
policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional directors, so that such transactions
will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our board of directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal period for the audit of our annual financial statements and services normally
provided by the independent registered public accounting firm for this fiscal period were as follows: 

FY 2022 
 FY 2021 
 
 Audit Fees - Paris, Kreit Chiu LLP (formerly benjamin
 Ko) 
 59,805 
 44,250 
 
 Audit Fees - Victor
Mokuolu CPA PLLC 
 17,000 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 76,805 
 44,250 

In
the above table, audit fees are fees billed by our external auditor for services provided in auditing our annual financial
statements for the subject year. All of the services described
above were approved in advance by the Board of Directors or the Company s Audit Committee. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report: 

1. 
 Financial Statements. The following consolidated financial statements of the Company are included below: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statement of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders Deficit for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedule(s): 

All
schedules are omitted for the reason that the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto or
that they are not required or are not applicable. 

Exhibits. 

31. Certification of CEO and CFO. 

 32. Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of CEO and CFO 

101.
INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 

 101.
SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

 101.
CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

 101.
DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

 101.
LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

 101.
PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

QUALIS
 INNOVATIONS, INC. 

Dated:
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s
 Jim Holt 

Jim
 Holt 

Acting
 CEO and Chairman 

32 

QUALIS
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

Index
to Financial Statements 

CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO. 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Quails Innovations Inc. 

 225
Wilmington West Chester Pike 

 Suite
200 

 Chadds
Ford, PA 19317 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Quails Innovations Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has no revenues, incurred recurring losses and has recurring cash used in operating
activities. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

A
critical audit matter is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee or the Company s governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures
that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
a critical audit, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Warrants
Issued for Services 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 303,823 in expenses related to warrants issued for services. As discussed in
Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has issued 430,000 warrants to Management and consultants for services.
Warrants issued for services were recorded at their fair value on their measurement dates based upon the black-scholes options pricing
model. 

Our
audit procedures to evaluate the appropriateness and accuracy of the accounting and fair value determined by management included reviewing
the agreements supporting the issuances as well as independently recomputing the valuations made by Management. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

Houston,
 Texas 

April
 21, 2023 
 PCAOB
 ID: 6771 

F- 2 

QUALIS
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Inventory 

Deposits 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Short-term note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

QUALIS
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net revenues 
 - 
 - 

Gross Profit 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Warrants issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation - related party 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense: 

Impairment of assets 
 - 

Total other expense 
 - 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

QUALIS
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 in Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

- 

Common stock issued in conjunction with share agreement 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common shares for services - related parties 

- 

Recapitalization of Qualis in conjunction with reverse acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock for cash 

- 

Issuance of common stock for cash - related parties 

- 

Warrants issued to third parties in conjunction with services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation - related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Amortization of options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services - related parties 

- 

Issuance of common stock for services 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Balance 

Warrants issued to third parties in conjunction with services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation - related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Options issued to third parties in conjunction with services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

- 

Issuance of common stock for services 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

QUALIS
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 
 - 

Impairment of assets 
 - 

Warrants issued for services 

Options issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation - related parties 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock for services - related parties 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Deposits 
 - 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Short-term note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

Issuance of common stock for cash - related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock issued in conjunction with share agreement 
 - 

Insurance policy financed by short-term note payable 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

QUALIS
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares (the Shares Component or of the shares of common
stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing (the Share Exchange ), at per share. 

Mr.
Lin Xiangfeng planned, organized and executed the Share Exchange. Prior to the Share Exchange, Mr. Lin Xiangfeng was the largest shareholder
and sole officer of FDH. He was also the CEO of SKYC but did not own any shares of the Company. The parties involved in the Share Exchange
Agreement are SKYC, FDH and all FDH Shareholders. Mr. Lin Jinshui, an FDH Shareholder, is the father of Mr. Lin Xiangfeng and Mr. Lin
Xiuzi, an FDH Shareholder, is the brother of Mr. Lin Xiangfeng. Other than Mr. Lin Xiangfeng, no third party played a substantial role
in the agreement. 

FDH
owned (i) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Shenzhen Dong Sen Mobile Communication Technology Co., Ltd (also known
and doing business as Shenzhen Donxon Mobile Communication Technology Co., Ltd, Donxon ), a company organized under
the laws of the People s Republic of China China or the PRC and (ii) of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of Shenzhen Xing Tian Kong Digital Company Limited XTK ), a PRC company. XTK was the holder of of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of Shenzhen Da Sheng Communication Technology Company Limited (also known and do business as Shenzhen
 Dasen Communication Technology Company Limited, Dasen ), a PRC company. Dasen is the holder of of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of Foshan Da Sheng Communication Chain Service Company Limited (also known and do business as Foshan Dasen
 Communication Chain Service Co. Ltd, FDSC ), a PRC company. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, FDH became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, and the Company owned of Donxon, of XKT, of Dasen and of FDSC indirectly through FDH. 

On
February 13, 2018, a change of control occurred, and new officers and directors of the Company were appointed. The name change of Sky
Digital Stores Corp. (SKYC) to Qualis Innovations, Inc. and the was announced on FINRA s Daily
List. Echo Resources LLLP took over control of Qualis owning of the common shares outstanding. Since that event Qualis
did not have any business operations or any assets or liabilities. 

In
July, 2019, John Ballard and a Charles Achoa, formed a new company named EMF Medical Devices Inc. for the development, maintenance, marketing
and sale of an electronic device for the treatment of pain that would make use of certain intellectual property interests held by LCMD.
In May 2021 the Company changed its name to mPathix Health Inc. Presently, John Ballard is the Chief Financial Officer and Charles Achoa
does not participate in any management or board position. 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix Health, Inc.
(formerly EMF Medical Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation) mPathix and Qualis. The closing of the transaction (the
 Closing took place on June 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of the
Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares (the Shares of mPathix. In exchange, the Company
issued to the mPathix shareholder s, their designees or assigns, an aggregate of shares of Company common stock (the
 Shares Component or of the shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing (the
 Share Exchange ), at a valuation of per share, and the Company issued warrants to purchase an additional 
shares warrants issued to the Company s previous CEO and to CreoMed which is beneficially owned by Dr. Joseph
Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable for years at
a per share exercise price, subject to adjustment. In connection with the closing of the mPathix acquisition, the officers and
directors of mPathix were appointed as the officers and directors of the Company. On June 29, 2021, the Company issued common
shares for the recapitalization of Qualis in conjunction with the reverse acquisition for a net book value of . 

The
acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization since the stockholders of mPathix owned a majority of the outstanding shares of the common stock immediately following the completion of the transaction assuming that holders
of of the Public Shares exercise their conversion rights. mPathix was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction
and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization of mPathix. As a result, Qualis was considered to be the continuation
of the predecessor mPathix. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the consolidated
financial statements are those of mPathix and are recorded at the historical cost basis of mPathix. Qualis s assets, liabilities
and results of operations will be consolidated with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of mPathix after consummation of
the acquisition. 

at December 31, 2022, had working capital of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively, had a net loss of and for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and net cash used in
operating activities of and or years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with no revenue earned since inception,
and a lack of operational history. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While
the Company is attempting to expand operations and generate revenues, the Company s cash position may not be significant enough
to support the Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private offering. Management
believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity
for the Company to continue as a going concern. While management believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in
its ability to raise additional funds or transact an asset sale, there can be no assurances to that effect or on terms acceptable to
the Company. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement
its business plan and generate revenues. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going
concern. 

. The Company has not experienced any cash losses. 

advertising and marketing expense
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and 
 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes 
 of amortization associated with Intellectual
Property License Agreement. The remaining Intellectual Property License Agreement was impaired as of December 31, 2021. 

With
respect to the current status of the patent, there has been no movement during the period ended December 31, 2022 and to date. The
Company has a disagreement with the specific vendor and the project relating to collection of data, testing and filing the patent application
has been kept on hold. The Company and the vendor are trying to resolve this disagreement, about achieving a particular milestone, which
they expect to be completed later in fiscal 2023. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. Deposits are included in current assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized. When assets
are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are
included in income in the year of disposition. Fixed assets are examined for the possibility of decreases in value when events or changes
in circumstances reflect the fact that their recorded value may not be recoverable. 

for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

for the year ended December 31, 2021 and is classified in other expenses in the consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

and dilutive securities outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These potential
dilutive securities outstanding have not been considered as the inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. This standard simplifies the accounting
for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in ASC 740, Income Taxes , while also clarifying and
amending existing guidance, including interim-period accounting for enacted changes in tax law. This standard is effective for fiscal
years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company
adopted ASU No. 2019-12 in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, coinciding with the standard s effective date, and had an immaterial
impact from this standard. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an
Entity s Own Equity, which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under
current GAAP. The ASU removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope
exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. This ASU is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier
than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. This update permits the use of either the modified retrospective or fully retrospective
method of transition. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. 

Other
recently issued accounting updates are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

years 

Computer Equipment 
 years 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified in general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated Statements of Operations. 

, bears interest at per annum, and is due and payable in nine monthly payments of .
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made repayments of and has a balance of at December 31, 2022. 

shares of its common stock shares issued to LCMD and shares issued to an affiliate of LCMD) and paid in cash to LCMD on or about on
September 9, 2019, and mPathix was to pay continuing royalties to LCMD, with an initial royalty payment of of the net revenues from
pain application sales in each of the first twelve months, and lesser royalties thereafter based on annual device sales. No royalty payments
have been made to or earned by LCMD since no revenues from medical device sales were generated. 

On
June 3, 2021, a Definitive License Agreement was signed by LCMD and mPathix in order to finalize the terms of the August 28, 2019 Preliminary
License Agreement. The terms of the license with LCMD were contingent upon successful fulfilment of a court ordered resolution between
LCMD and the original owners of the underlying intellectual property (the Marchitto Entities ). LCMD was obligated to pay
to the Marchitto Entities the sum of on or before April 24, 2022, which has not occurred. Accordingly, we consider the license
agreement to be expired, and we do not intend to renew the license agreement with LCMD or otherwise reacquire the intellectual property
from the Marchitto Entities. 

The
Company is in the process of finalizing the SOLACE product design and is beginning to compile the data required to complete an application
with the FDA. Further, given the substantial changes and modifications that we have identified for our device, the Company will seek
to file provisional patents at the earliest possible date. 

ASC
730-10-25-2(c), Intangible Assets Purchased From Others , requires a company to evaluate the technology acquired, and the applicable
guidance for the determination of alternative future uses. mPathix determined, at the date of the acquisition of the technology, that
it was acquiring an asset that represented a research and development (R D) project that was still in the process of experimentation.
The technology has additional potential future benefits including hyperhidrosis, stress bladder incontinence, and cosmetic indications.
Therefore, the acquisition represented an asset by the Company. 

The
Intellectual Property License Agreement expired in April 2022 mPathix recorded as an intangible asset and is being amortized
on a straight-line basis thru the end of the licensing agreement of April 2022. 

Based
on the Company s analysis of the Solace medical device, as of December 31, 2021, the Company reassessed the value of the Preliminary
License Agreement with LCMD. Related to this assessment, management determined that the intellectual property used in the Solace device
is different from the intellectual property in the Preliminary License Agreement with LCMD. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment
of intangible assets of for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was classified in other expenses in the consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

months 
 - 

Accumulated amortization 
 
 - 

Impairment of license agreement 
 
 - 

Intangible assets net 
 
 - 
 - 

The
Company had amortization expense of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

preferred stock with a par value of with preferred shares outstanding at December 31,2022
and December 31, 2021. 

The
Company has authorized shares of par value common stock, of which and shares are outstanding at
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Common
Stock 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company issued a total of restricted common shares to third parties, valued at (based on the estimated
fair value of the stock on the date of grant) for services rendered. 

On
July 20, 2022, the Company issued common shares to an affiliate for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

In
July 2021, the Company issued common shares to a related party valued at (based on the estimated fair value of the stock
on the date of grant) for services rendered. 

In
July 2021, the Company issued common shares to a third party valued at (based on the estimated fair value of the stock on
the date of grant) for services rendered. 

In
June 2021, the Company issued common shares to a third party for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

In
June 2021, the Company issued common shares to a related party for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement by and among mPathix Health, Inc.
(formerly EMF Medical Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation) mPathix and Qualis. The closing of the transaction (the
 Closing took place on June 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of the
Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares (the Shares of mPathix. In exchange, the Company
issued to the mPathix shareholder s, their designees or assigns, an aggregate of shares of Company s common stock
(the Shares Component or of the shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding after the Closing
(the Share Exchange ), at a valuation of per share, and the Company issued warrants to purchase an additional 
shares warrants issued to the Company s previous CEO and to CreoMed which is beneficially owned by Dr. Joseph
Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable for years at
a per share exercise price, subject to adjustment. In connection with the closing of the mPathix acquisition, the officers and
directors of mPathix were appointed as the officers and directors of the Company. 

The
acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization since the stockholders of mPathix owned a majority of the outstanding shares of the common stock immediately following the completion of the transaction assuming that holders
of of the Public Shares exercise their conversion rights. mPathix was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction
and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization of mPathix. As a result, Qualis was considered to be the continuation
of the predecessor mPathix. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the consolidated
financial statements are those of mPathix and are recorded at the historical cost basis of mPathix. Qualis s assets, liabilities
and results of operations will be consolidated with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of mPathix after consummation of
the acquisition. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Company issued common shares to Echo Resources LLP in conjunction with share agreement. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Company issued common shares for the recapitalization of Qualis in conjunction with the reverse acquisition
for a net book value of . 

On
February 14, 2021, the Company issued a total of restricted common shares to members of its Board of Directors, valued at 
(based on the estimated fair value of the stock on the date of grant) for services to be rendered in FY2021. 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company issued common shares to third parties for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

Warrants 

On
February 14, 2021, the Company granted warrants to purchase of the Company s common stock to CreoMed, Inc. (controlled
by Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi, Acting CEO and Chairman of the Board) for consulting services, valued at (based on the Black Scholes
valuation model on the date of grant). The warrants are exercisable for a period of at per share in whole or in part,
as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise, and fully vest at grant date. 

On
March 16, 2021, the Company granted warrants to purchase of the Company s common stock to Ahmet Demir Bingol, valued
at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant), pursuant to his Employment Agreement. The warrants are
exercisable for a period of at per share in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise, and
fully vest at grant date. 

On
June 29, 2021, the Qualis Innovations, Inc. has cancelled previous warrants agreement and regranted warrants to purchase an additional
 shares warrants issued to the Ahmet Demir Bingol, Company s previous CEO and to CreoMed which is beneficially
owned by Dr. Joseph Pergolizzi, the Company s acting CEO and chairman of the board) of the Company s common stock, exercisable
for years at a per share exercise price, subject to adjustment in conjunction with the share exchange agreement. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified Employment Agreement for Mr. Bingol which was subsequently signed on October
1, 2021. The modification resulted in changing Mr. Bingol s position from CEO to President. Further, on October 1, 2021, Mr. Bingol s
previously issued warrants were modified such that he will receive warrants that vest immediately at an exercise price of 
and warrants that vest over a period of with an exercise price of . As a result, in accordance with ASC 718-20-35-2A
and 718-20-35-3, immediately prior to the modification, the Company calculated the fair value of the warrants and determined that there
was no change to the fair value. Subsequent to the modification, the Company will recognize a loss of over the remaining three-year
vesting period. 

On
February 24, 2022, Mr. Bingol entered into a separation agreement whereby he will terminate his employment effective April 15, 2022.
He received no severance payment and there were no disagreements between he or the Company. A total of warrants have vested with
the remaining unvested warrants expiring. As a result of Mr. Bingol s termination, the Company reversed the remaining warrant
modification balance of during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company granted warrants to purchase of the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting
services, valued at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period
of at per share in whole or in part, and fully vest at grant date. 

On
March 29, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the granting of warrants, with effect from April 1, 2022, convertible to the
Company s common shares with an exercise price of , valued at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the
date of grant), to our acting CEO and Chairman Joseph V. Pergolizzi Jr., MD through his company, CreoMed Inc with an expiration period
of years. These warrants were issued as compensation for the first quarter to Joseph V. Pergolizzi Jr., MD. 

On
August 1, 2022, based on a revised agreement signed by the relevant parties, the Company granted warrants to purchase of
the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting services, valued at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model
on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period of at per share in whole or in part, and fully vest
at grant date. 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company granted warrants to purchase of the Company s common stock to a third party for
consulting services, valued at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable
for a period of at per share in whole or in part and vest in and the remaining in from
the grant date. 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired/Forfeited 

- 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Expected to be vested 

- 

Options 

On
June 7, 2021, the Company granted options to purchase of the Company s common stock to a third party for consulting
services, valued at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable for a period
of at per share in whole or in part and vest in and the remaining in from the grant
date. 

In
July 2021, the Company granted a total of options to purchase of the Company s common stock to third parties for
consulting services, valued at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The options are exercisable
for a period of at per share in whole or in part and vest in and the remaining in from
the grant date. 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Expected to be vested 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

are
available to reduce future income which under the . There is no income tax affect due to the recognition of a full valuation allowance
on the expected tax benefits of future loss carry forwards based on uncertainty surrounding realization of such assets. 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of Intangible asset 

Stock based compensation 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets,
 net 
 - 
 - 

Major
tax jurisdictions are the United States and Delaware All of the tax years will remain open three and four years for examination by the
Federal and state tax authorities, respectively, from the date of utilization of the net operating loss. There are no tax audits pending. 

Warrants to purchase shares of common stock granted on February 14, 2021 to CreoMed, Inc. 

Warrants to purchase shares of common stock granted on March 16, 2021 to Demir Bingol 

Warrants to purchase shares of common stock granted on April 1, 2022 to CreoMed, Inc. 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants to purchase shares of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Total potentially dilutive shares 

shares warrants issued to the Ahmet Demir Bingol
 and to CreoMed Inc.) of the Company s common stock on June 29, 2021 in conjunction with the share exchange
 agreement. 

Basic weighted average outstanding shares of common stock 

Dilutive effect of options and warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 Diluted weighted average common stock and common stock equivalents 

Loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

shares of its common stock shares issued to LCMD and shares issued to an affiliate of LCMD) and paid in cash to LCMD on or about on
September 9, 2019, and mPathix was to pay continuing royalties to LCMD, with an initial royalty payment of of the net revenues from
pain application sales in each of the first twelve months, and lesser royalties thereafter based on annual device sales. No royalty payments
have been made to or earned by LCMD since no revenues from medical device sales were generated. 

On
June 3, 2021, a Definitive License Agreement was signed by LCMD and mPathix in order to finalize the terms of the August 28, 2019 Preliminary
License Agreement. The terms of the license with LCMD were contingent upon successful fulfilment of a court ordered resolution between
LCMD and the original owners of the underlying intellectual property (the Marchitto Entities ). LCMD was obligated to pay
to the Marchitto Entities the sum of on or before April 24, 2022, which has not occurred. Accordingly, we consider the license
agreement to be expired, and we do not intend to renew the license agreement with LCMD or otherwise reacquire the intellectual property
from the Marchitto Entities. 

ASC
730-10-25-2(c), Intangible Assets Purchased From Others, requires a company to evaluate the technology acquired, and the applicable guidance
for the determination of alternative future uses. mPathix determined, at the date of the acquisition of the technology, that it was acquiring
an asset that represented a research and development (R D) project that was still in the process of experimentation. The technology
has additional potential future benefits including hyperhidrosis, stress bladder incontinence, and cosmetic indications. Therefore, the
acquisition represented an asset by the Company. 

The
Intellectual Property License Agreement expired in April 2022. mPathix recorded as an intangible asset and is being amortized
on a straight-line basis thru the end of the licensing agreement of April 2022. 

Based
on the Company s analysis of the Solace medical device, as of December 31, 2021, the Company reassessed the value of the Preliminary
License Agreement with LCMD. Related to this assessment, management determined that the intellectual property used in the Solace device
is different from the intellectual property in the Preliminary License Agreement with LCMD. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment
of intangible assets of for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was classified in other expenses in the consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

The
Company is not involved in any type of litigations or claims and also there is no lawsuit proceedings against the company due to development
of its own medical device. During the years ended December 31, 2022, no such events occurred and hence the company has not determined
provision for contingencies or contingent liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

In
June 2021, the board of directors of the Company authorized the adoption and implementation of the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The principal purpose of the 2021 Plan is to attract, retain and motivate employees, officers, directors,
consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors of the Company and its related companies by providing them the opportunity
to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company and to link their interests and efforts to the long-term interests of the Company s
shareholders. Under the 2021 Plan, an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock have initially been reserved
for issuance pursuant to a variety of stock-based compensation awards, including stock options, stock awards, restricted stock, restricted
stock units and other stock and cash-based awards. The exercise price for each option may not be less than fair market value of the common
stock on the date of grant, and shall vest as determined by the Company s board of directors but shall not exceed a ten-year period. 

Employment
Agreement 

On
March 1, 2021, Mr. Ahmet Demir Bingol, the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO entered into an Employment Agreement
with the Company, with an effective date of March 16, 2021, in which he receives an annual base salary of , plus bonus compensation
not to exceed 80 of salary. In addition, Mr. Bingol was granted warrants to purchase of the Company s common stock,
valued at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant). The warrants are exercisable for a period of at per share in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless exercise, and fully vest at grant date. Mr.
Bingol s employment also provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and one year of severance pay if his employment is
terminated without cause or due to a change in control. Mr. Bingol s compensation was approved by the Company s Board of
Directors on March 1, 2021. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified Employment Agreement for Mr. Bingol which was subsequently signed on October
1, 2021. The modification resulted in changing Mr. Bingol s position from CEO to President and in reducing Mr. Bingol s base
salary from to per year. In addition, his bonus plan was reset with a target bonus at fifty percent (50 of Executive s
Base Salary, based upon the actual achievement of financial and other targets as established in the annual budget approved by the Board,
in its sole and absolute discretion. Further, on October 1, 2021, Mr. Bingol s previously issued warrants were modified such that
he will receive warrants that vest immediately at an exercise price of and warrants that vest over a period of
 with an exercise price of . As a result, in accordance with ASC 718-20-35-2A and 718-20-35-3, immediately prior to the
modification, the Company calculated the fair value of the warrants and determined that there was no change to the fair value. Subsequent
to the modification, the Company will recognize a loss of over the remaining three year vesting period. 

On
February 24, 2022, Mr. Bingol entered into a separation agreement whereby he will terminate his employment effective April 15, 2022.
He received no severance payment and there were no disagreements between he or the Company. A total of warrants have vested with
the remaining unvested warrants expiring. As a result of Mr. Bingol s termination, the Company reversed the remaining warrant
modification balance of during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Consulting
Agreement 

On
May 1, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a related party to provide advisory services to the Company. The consulting
agreement terminates July 23, 2023, as amended. Under this consulting agreement, the related party will be entitled to a monthly consulting
fee of and a total of common shares to be issued common shares based on the closing of reverse acquisition transaction,
 common shares on the delivery of two Company s medical devices and common shares on the delivery of ten Company s
medical devices. The Company issued common shares during the year ended December 31, 2021, for the fair value of and
 common shares shall be issued on delivery of an additional eight devices at a fair value estimated to be . 

On
January 27, 2022 the Company hired an engineering consultant to assist in completing the design history file, updating new software,
system design, pre 510(k) preparation, and testing of the SOLACE device. This work is expected to be completed by the end of September
2022 and the cost of the contract is . 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company entered into an Independent Contractor Services Agreement Agreement with a third party to
provide professional services to the Company. The Agreement terminates January 3, 2023. Under this Agreement, the contractor will be
entitled to a monthly consulting fee of and a total of common shares, valued at (based on the estimated fair value
of the stock on the date of grant) for services rendered. The common shares to be issued by the end of November 2022. 

F- 20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION 

I,
James Holt, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Qualis Innovations, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 21, 2023 

/s
 James Holt 

James
 Holt 

Acting
 CEO and Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Qualis Innovations, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Holt, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company for the dates and periods covered by the Report. 

This
certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose of compliance by the Acting Chief Executive Officer of the Company with the requirements
of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person or for any reason other
than as specifically required by law. 

Date:
April 21, 2023 

/s
 James Holt 

James
 Holt 

Acting
 CEO and Chairman 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 qlis-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 qlis-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 qlis-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 qlis-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

