<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230516_10-K_edgar_data_743758_0001213900-23-040544.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7955448</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>219701</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1434351</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1753682</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2239901</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2121920</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-040544.hdr.sgml : 20230516
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230516171600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-040544
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230516
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230516

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AiAdvertising, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000743758
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		IRS NUMBER:				300050402
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13215
		FILM NUMBER:		23928690

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 SIXTH STREET
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-964-3313

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 SIXTH STREET
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLOUDCOMMERCE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WARP 9, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROAMING MESSENGER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020522

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-040544.txt : 20230516

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_aiadvert.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year
ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO __________ 

Commission file number 

AIADVERTISING, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

. , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value
of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (computed by reference to the last sale price of a share of the registrant s
common stock on that date as reported by OTC Pink). 

There were shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock as of May 16, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART 1 

ITEM 1 
 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 
 ITEM 2 
 
 Properties 
 18 
 
 ITEM 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 
 ITEM 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 
 ITEM 6 
 
 Reserved 
 20 
 
 ITEM 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 20 
 
 ITEM 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 26 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 26 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 27 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 27 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 28 
 
 ITEM 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 31 
 
 ITEM 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 
 
 ITEM 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 37 
 
 ITEM 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 37 
 
 ITEM 15 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 
 
 ITEM 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 38 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 39 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

ABOUT US- 

Ai Advertising is a next-generation
AdTech company that is harnessing the power of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) to build software for today s
marketing leaders. 

OUR MISSION- 

Is to partner with marketers
who are looking to challenge the status quo and empower them with a unified solution to eliminate wasted spend, replace
human guesswork with AI-enabled predictions to provide accountability and provide transparency to their marketing budget. 

OURSOLUTION- 

Our flagship product, the
Campaign Performance Platform is the industry s first cloud-hosted end-to-end Ad Management solution. The platform empowers brands to
easily target, predict, create, scale, and measure hyper-personalized campaigns. 

What is AI (Artificial Intelligence)? 

AI is computer science field
that enables computer software to perform human-like intelligence tasks, like speech recognition, image recognition, reasoning, decision
making, and learning. AI learns through observation and interaction with the world. It learns, for example, by observing humans interact
with objects and people, by observing the objects themselves, and by interacting with humans. 

AI isn t magic; it s math.
Very advanced math that can help machines perform well-defined intelligence tasks better than humans. AI powers everything
from self-driving cars to Amazon recommendations to image recognition that tags your friends on Facebook. 

AI is an umbrella term. It
encompasses many different subfields and technologies, including neural networks, natural language processing (NLP), natural language
generation (NLG), and deep learning. 

Machine learning is one of
these subfields. 

What is machine learning? 

Machine learning is AI where
the computer software is tasked with learning without being explicitly programmed. An AI system that uses machine learning is not always
explicitly programmed with the rules of how to learn. Instead, it is allowed to learn through a combination of instruction from humans
and experimentation on its own. 

Over time, an AI system using
machine learning can get better at the task it was built to do. It can even find its own approaches to completing a task that humans never
taught it or intended it to learn. This is why there is so much excitement around AI that uses machine learning: 

Unlike traditional software,
which has to be manually updated by programmers, AI with machine learning can become smarter on its own. It can improve its performance
on tasks over time, which can create powerful results for individuals and companies. 

What is the difference between AI and machine
learning? 

Machine learning is always
a type of AI, but AI is not always machine learning. The difference lies in the ability of an AI system to become smarter on its own.
If AI can teach itself without explicit human training and get better over time, then it s true machine learning. If it can t, then some
may still call it artificial intelligence, but it s more like intelligent automation with a narrow application. It can still solve problems
that require human intelligence. 

1 

The Campaign Performance Platform 

The Market Opportunity 

According to Marketing AI Institute: 

McKinsey Global Institute estimates up to a 5.9 trillion annual impact of AI and other analytics
on marketing and sales. 

PwC sees a truly global effect from AI, with an estimated 14 percent lift in global GDP possible
by 2030, a total contribution of 15.7 trillion to the world economy, thanks to both increased productivity and increased consumption. 

IDC states that efficiencies driven by AI in CRM could increase global revenues by 1.1 trillion
this year, and ultimately lead to more than 800,000 net-new jobs, surpassing those lost to automation. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated AI-powered digital transformation across businesses.
 Additional research from McKinsey cites that 25 percent of almost 2,400 business leaders surveyed said they increased AI
 adoption due to the pandemic. 

We believe Google s announcement that it
will restrict the use of third-party cookies is very close to a declaration of war against many ad-tech companies and major advertisers.
 Today, we re making explicit that once third-party cookies are phased out, we will not build alternate identifiers to track individuals
as they browse across the web, nor will we use them in our products, said David Temkin, Google s director of product management,
ads privacy, and trust. 

Ad-targeting companies such as Criteo, The Trade
Desk and Magnite rely on so-called third-party browser cookies for their data gathering and organization efforts, particularly when ad
campaigns are shaped around the specific browsing behavior of specific web users. Thus, we believe Google s announcement that third-party
cookies are going away someday soon was very bad news for the ad-targeting industry. Further, Google took the next step of promising to
make it harder to replace cookies with alternative user-tracking technologies. 

This is cause for enormous concern within the
advertising industry. The Cookie Apocalypse during 2022 wipe out approximately 85 of the digital market according to Data Science Analyst,
Roger Kamena. Any data or ad-tech company that captures any information on unidentified users through a data management platform (DMP)
will be affected. 

We believe that our Campaign Performance Platform
delivers a solution that will overcome this problem caused by Google while still ensuring the privacy of users, because our Campaign Performance
Platform does not rely on the use of browser cookies. 

Instead, our platform uses AI to manage personas 
which we believe will now become more important than ever for targeting purposes. Cookies are dead. Also, our use of personas will overcome
another challenge for the ad targeting industry created by Apple as soon as it releases its next operating system that will ask users
to opt in to share their location on every mobile app. As a result, location data will decrease significantly to the point where
it won t be scalable. 

A persona is a proxy for a brand s target
audience. A proxy represents someone who has the same interests, priorities and concerns as the brand s buyers. Within the brand s
target market, there are several ideal customer profiles, and each ideal customer profile could have a multiple number of personas. Developing
these personas is based on extensive research and requires the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning tools. 

We believe the AiAdvertising approach is unique,
and that it will be disruptive in the ad targeting and ad buying process. Not only will our AI-driven platform overcome the new challenges
posed by the actions of big players, such as Google and Apple, but it will ensure user privacy and lead to lower advertising costs. 

2 

Past Revenue Model 

Historically, we charged a
fixed or variable implementation fee to design, build and execute on digital marketing campaigns. These campaigns or custom solutions
consisted of professional services fees as well as mark up on media spend. Our professional services were billed at hourly or monthly
rates, depending on the customer s needs. 

Future Revenue 

At the beginning of Q4 of 2021, we pivoted the
focus of our business to a software licensing and delivery model, whereby our software is centrally hosted and licensed on a monthly subscription
basis. We charge a flat percentage of clients monthly ad spend budget for software license fees, and a flat percentage of their
monthly ad spend budget for media activation and placement. We believe this provides greater transparency to the client as well as makes
the Company s revenue more consistent and predictable. We believe this shift towards SaaS recurring revenue can potentially be highly
valuable to the Company and its shareholders. 

Sales and Marketing 

To achieve the objective of
disrupting the digital advertising world by offering a solution that harnesses the power of artificial intelligence , we have assembled
a team of experts working collectively for the best interest of our customers. 

During the client sales process,
our team delivers demonstrations, presentations, proposals and contracts. Many new customers have been retained through email marketing,
direct sales, and word-of-mouth referrals. Our direct sales efforts are aimed at Chief Marketing Officers, senior marketing and information
technology (IT) executives within Consumer, B2B and B2C political organizations who are looking to create or expand their digital operations.
Word-of-mouth referrals have been very valuable to us and we intend to continue nurturing our customer and industry relationships to maximize
these referrals. 

In addition to our direct
sales efforts and referrals, we have established and continue to explore channel partnerships to expand our customer base. Prospective
channel partners include existing technology companies, hosting providers, enterprise resource planning (or ERP) vendors, and e-commerce
marketing professionals. 

Competition 

We operate in a rapidly growing
and rapidly changing market. As a result, we expect competition to continue to increase as other established and emerging companies enter
the business analytics market, as customer requirements evolve and as new products and technologies are introduced. We expect this to
be particularly true with respect to our SaaS-based offering. This is a relatively new and evolving area of business analytics solutions,
and we anticipate competition to increase based on customer demand for these types of products. In addition, we may compete with open
source initiatives and custom development efforts. 

Many of our competitors, particularly
the large software companies named above, have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution,
professional services or other resources and greater name recognition than we do. In addition, many of our competitors have strong relationships
with current and potential customers and extensive knowledge of the business analytics industry. As a result, they may be able to respond
more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, for example by offering a SaaS-based product that competes
with our on-premises products or our SaaS product, Campaign Performance Platform, or devote greater resources to the development, promotion
and sale of their products than us. Moreover, many of these competitors are bundling their analytics products into larger deals or maintenance
renewals, often at significant discounts. Increased competition may lead to price cuts, alternative pricing structures or the introduction
of products available for free or a nominal price, fewer customer orders, reduced gross margins, longer sales cycles and loss of market
share. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and our business, results of operations and
financial condition will be harmed if we fail to meet these competitive pressures. 

3 

Our ability to compete successfully
in our market depends on a number of factors, both within and outside of our control. Some of these factors include ease and speed of
product deployment and use, discovery and visualization capabilities, analytical and statistical capabilities, performance and scalability,
the quality and reliability of our customer service and support, total cost of ownership, return on investment and brand recognition.
Any failure by us to compete successfully in any one of these or other areas may reduce the demand for our products, as well as adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to various
federal, state, and local laws affecting e-commerce and communication businesses. The Federal Trade Commission and equivalent state agencies
regulate advertising and representations made by businesses in the sale of their products, which apply to us. We are also subject to government
laws and regulations governing health, safety, working conditions, employee relations, wrongful termination, wages, taxes and other matters
applicable to businesses in general. Currently, when serving customers in the European Union, we must take precautions to maintain the
General Data Protection Regulation requirements. As the United States continues to adopt similar regulations. Our software and services
will comply with those requirements. 

Employees 

As of May 15, 2023 we had
30 full time employees, 5 of whom are employed in administrative positions, 7 in sales and marketing positions, and 20 in technical position,14
employees in Texas, 2 in New Jersey, 9 in Arizona, 1 in Virginia, 1 in California, 1in Missouri, and 2 North Carolina. 

All of our employees have
executed agreements that impose nondisclosure obligations on the employee and assign to us (to the extent permitted by state and federal
laws) all copyrights and other inventions created by the employee during his employment with us. Additionally, we have a trade secret
protection policy in place that management believes to be adequate to protect our intellectual property and trade secrets. 

Seasonality 

We do not anticipate that our business will be
substantially affected by seasonality. 

Trademarks 

We have registered trademarks for AiAdvertising . 

Company History 

The Company, based in San
Antonio, Texas, was incorporated in Nevada on January 22, 2002. The Company was formerly known as CloudCommerce, Inc., Warp 9, Inc., Roaming
Messenger, Inc., and Latinocare Management Corporation. On July 9, 2015, we changed the name of the Company from Warp 9, Inc. to CloudCommerce,
Inc. to reflect a new plan of strategically acquiring profitable data driven marketing solutions
providers with strong management teams. Effective August 5, 2021, the Company changed its name to AiAdvertising, Inc. 

The Company has six subsidiaries,
CLWD Operations, Inc. (formerly Indaba Group, Inc.), Parscale Digital, Inc., which merged with Parscale Creative, Inc., as a result of
an acquisition dated August 1, 2017, WebTegrity, LLC WebTegrity ), which was acquired November 15, 2017, Data Propria, Inc.,
which the Company launched February 1, 2018, Giles Design Bureau, Inc., which spun out from Parscale Digital in May, 2018, and aiAdvertising,
Inc., which was formed January 14, 2021. References in this report to the Company, AiAdvertising, we, 
 us , or our include AiAdvertising, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements include the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries CLWDOperations, Inc a Delaware corporation CLWD
Operations ), Parscale Digital, Inc., a Nevada corporation Parscale Digital ), WebTegrity, Inc., a Nevada corporation WebTegrity ), Data Propria, Inc., a Nevada corporation Data Propria ), and Giles Design Bureau, Inc., a Nevada
corporation Giles Design Bureau). All significant inter-company transactions are eliminated in the consolidation of the financial
statements. 

During year ended December
31, 2022 the Company dissolved Parscale Digital, Inc., Data Propria, Inc., and WebTegrity, Inc. 

4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. An investor should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information
included in this annual report, before making an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could
suffer as a result of these risks. In that case, the market value of our securities could decline, and an investor may lose all or part
of his or her investment. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

Issues in the use of AI in our offerings
may result in reputational harm or liability. 

As with many disruptive innovations,
AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may
be insufficient or contain biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by us or others could impair the acceptance
of AI solutions. These deficiencies could undermine the decisions, predictions, or analysis AI applications produce, subjecting us to
competitive harm, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Some AI scenarios present ethical issues. If we enable or offer AI
solutions that are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social issues, we may experience
brand or reputational harm. 

We are subject
to payment-related risks if customers dispute or do not pay their invoices, and any decreases or significant delays in payments could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. These risks may be heightened as a result
of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic downturn. 

We
may become involved in disputes with our customers over the operation of our platform, the terms of our agreements or our billings for
purchases made by them through our platform. In the past, certain customers have sought to slow their payments to us or been forced into
filing for bankruptcy protection, resulting in delay or cancelation of their pending payments to us. These challenges have been exacerbated
by the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic impact, and a number of our customers are experiencing financial difficulties
and liquidity constraints. In certain cases, customers have been unable to timely make payments, and we have suffered losses. Certain
of our contracts with marketing agencies state that if their customer does not pay the agency, the agency is not liable to us, and we
must seek payment solely from their customer, a type of arrangement called sequential liability. Contracting with these agencies, which
in some cases have or may develop higher-risk credit profiles, may subject us to greater credit risk than if we were to contract directly
with the customer. 

If we are unable to collect
customers fees on a timely basis or at all, we could incur write-offs for bad debt, which could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. In the future, bad debt may exceed reserves for such contingencies,
and our bad debt exposure may increase over time. Any increase in write-offs for bad debt could have a materially negative effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results. Even if we are not paid by our customers on time or at all, we may still be obligated
to pay for the inventory we have purchased for our customers marketing campaigns, and consequently, our results of operations and
financial condition would be adversely impacted. 

The reliability of some of our product solutions
is dependent on data and software from third-parties and the integrity and quality of that data and software. 

Some of the data and software
that we use is licensed from third-party data suppliers, and we are dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary data licenses on commercially
reasonable terms. We could suffer material adverse consequences if our data suppliers were to withhold their data from us. For example,
data suppliers could withhold their data from us if there is a competitive reason to do so; if we breach our contract with a supplier;
if they are acquired by one of our competitors; if legislation is passed restricting the use or dissemination of the data they provide;
or if judicial interpretations are issued restricting use of such data. Additionally, we could terminate relationships with our data suppliers
if they fail to adhere to our data quality standards. If a substantial number of data suppliers were to withdraw or withhold their data
from us, or if we sever ties with our data suppliers based on their inability to meet our data standards, our ability to provide products
and services to our clients could be materially adversely impacted, which could result in decreased revenues. 

5 

The reliability of our solutions
depends upon the integrity and quality of the data provided us by our clients and that which we can license from third party providers.
A failure in the integrity or a reduction in the quality of our data could cause a loss of customer confidence in our solutions, resulting
in harm to our brand, loss of revenue and exposure to legal claims. We may experience an increase in risks to the integrity of our database
and quality of our data as we move toward real-time, non-identifiable, consumer- powered data through our products. We must continue to
invest in our database to improve and maintain the quality, timeliness and coverage of the data if we are to maintain our competitive
position. Failure to do so could result in a material adverse effect on our business, growth and revenue prospects. 

Our business practices with respect to data
and consumer protection could give rise to liabilities or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements
or industry standards relating to consumer privacy, data protection and consumer protection. 

Federal, state and international
laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data that we collect. We strive to comply with all
applicable laws, regulations, self-regulatory requirements and legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection,
including those relating to the use of data for marketing purposes. It is possible, however, that these requirements may be interpreted
and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. We cannot
assure you that our practices have complied, comply, or will comply fully with all such laws, regulations, requirements and obligations.
Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with federal, state or international laws or regulations, including laws and regulations
regulating privacy, data security, marketing communications or consumer protection, or other policies, self-regulatory requirements or
legal obligations could result in harm to our reputation, a loss in business, and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities,
consumers, retailers or others. We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless performance marketing networks or other
third parties from the costs or consequences of noncompliance with any laws, regulations, self-regulatory requirements or other legal
obligations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection or any inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure of data
that we store or handle as part of operating our business. Any such proceeding or action, and any related indemnification obligation,
could hurt our reputation, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of these proceedings, distract our management, increase our
costs of doing business and cause consumers and retailers to decrease their use of our marketplace, and may result in the imposition of
monetary liability. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the data and privacy laws, regulations, standards
and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our clients may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for,
our products. 

A significant breach of the
confidentiality of the information we hold or of the security of our or our customers , suppliers , or other partners 
computer systems could be detrimental to our business, reputation and results of operations. Our business requires the storage, transmission
and utilization of data. Although we have security and associated procedures, our databases may be subject to unauthorized access by third
parties. Such third parties could attempt to gain entry to our systems for the purpose of stealing data or disrupting the systems. We
believe we have taken appropriate measures to protect our systems from intrusion, but we cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities,
discovery of new vulnerabilities in our systems and attempts to exploit those vulnerabilities, physical system or facility break-ins and
data thefts or other developments will not compromise or breach the technology protecting our systems and the information we possess.
Furthermore, we face increasing cyber security risks as we receive and collect data from new sources, and as we and our customers continue
to develop and operate in cloud-based information technology environments. In the event that our protection efforts are unsuccessful,
and we experience an unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or the security of such information or our systems are compromised,
we could suffer substantial harm. Any breach could result in one or more third parties obtaining unauthorized access to our customers 
data or our data, including personally identifiable information, intellectual property and other confidential business information. Such
a security breach could result in operational disruptions that impair our ability to meet our clients requirements, which could
result in decreased revenues. Also, whether there is an actual or a perceived breach of our security, our reputation could suffer irreparable
harm, causing our current and prospective clients to reject our products and services in the future and deterring data suppliers from
supplying us data. Further, we could be forced to expend significant resources in response to a security breach, including repairing system
damage, increasing cyber security protection costs by deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, and litigating and resolving
legal claims, all of which could divert the attention of our management and key personnel away from our business operations. In any event,
a significant security breach could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

6 

Significant system disruptions, loss of
data center capacity or interruption of telecommunication links could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our product platform is hosted
and managed on Microsoft Azure Cloud servers and takes full advantage of open standards for processing, storage, security and big data
technology. Significant system disruptions, loss of data center capacity or interruption of telecommunication links could adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our business is heavily dependent upon highly complex data processing capability.
The ability of our platform hosts and managers to protect these data centers against damage or interruption from fire, flood, tornadoes,
power loss, telecommunications or equipment failure or other disasters is beyond our control and is critical to our ability to succeed. 

We need to protect our intellectual property
or our operating results may suffer . 

Third parties may infringe
our intellectual property and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. As our business is
focused on data-driven results and analytics, we rely heavily on proprietary information technology. Our proprietary portfolio consists
of various intellectual property including source code, trade secrets, and know-how. The extent to which such rights can be protected
is substantially based on federal, state and common law rights as well as contractual restrictions. The steps we have taken to protect
our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development of similar
technologies by others. If we do not enforce our intellectual property rights vigorously and successfully, our competitive position may
suffer which could harm our operating results. 

We could incur substantial costs and disruption
to our business as a result of any claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights, which could harm our business
and operating results. 

From time to time, third parties
may claim that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. We analyze and take action in response
to such claims on a case-by-case basis. Any dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and
time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation, which could divert the
attention of our management and key personnel away from our business operations. A claim of intellectual property infringement could force
us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement, which might not be available under acceptable terms or at all, or could subject
us to significant damages or to an injunction against development and sale of certain of our products or services. 

We may be unable to maintain a competitive
technology advantage in the future. 

Our ability to generate revenues
is substantially based upon our proprietary intellectual property that we own and protect through trade secrets and agreements with our
employees to maintain ownership of any improvements to our intellectual property. Our ability to generate revenues now and in the future
is based upon maintaining a competitive technology advantage over our competition. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to
maintain a competitive technology advantage in the future over our competitors, many of whom have significantly more experience, more
extensive infrastructure and are better capitalized than us. 

7 

We may not be able to integrate, maintain
and enhance our advertising solutions to keep pace with technological and market developments. 

The market for digital advertising
solutions is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and frequent introductions of new products and services.
To keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasing publisher and advertiser requirements, maintain the attractiveness and
competitiveness of our advertising solutions and ensure compatibility with evolving industry standards and protocols, we will need to
anticipate and respond to varying product lifecycles, regularly enhance our current advertising solutions and develop and introduce new
solutions and functionality on a timely basis. This requires significant investment of financial and other resources. For example, we
will need to invest significant resources into expanding and developing our platforms in order to maintain a comprehensive solution. Ad
technology platforms and other technological developments may displace us or introduce an additional intermediate layer between us and
our customers and digital media properties that could impair our relationships with those customers. 

If we default on our credit obligations,
our operations may be interrupted and our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

Vendors extend us credit
terms for the purchase of advertising inventory. We currently have outstanding payables to existing vendors. If we are unable to pay our
publishers in a timely fashion, they may elect to no longer sell us inventory to provide for sale to advertisers. Also, it may be necessary
for us to incur additional indebtedness to maintain operations of the Company. If we default on our credit obligations, our lenders and
debt financing holders may, among other things: 

require repayment of any outstanding obligations or amounts drawn on our credit facilities; 

terminate our credit; 

stop delivery of ordered equipment; 

discontinue our ability to acquire inventory that is sold to advertisers; 

require us to accrue interest at higher rates; or 

require us to pay significant damages. 

If some or all of these events
were to occur, our operations may be interrupted and our ability to fund our operations or obligations, as well as our business, financial
results, and financial condition, could be adversely affected. 

War, terrorism, other acts of violence or
natural or manmade disasters such as a global pandemic may affect the markets in which the Company operates, the Company s customers,
the Company s delivery of products and customer service, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations,
or financial condition. 

The Company s business may
be adversely affected by instability, disruption or destruction in the geographic regions in which it operates, regardless of cause, including
war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest, and natural or manmade disasters, including famine, food, fire, earthquake,
storm or pandemic events and spread of disease (including the recent outbreak of the coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-
19 ). Such events may cause customers to suspend their decisions on using the Company s services and otherwise affect their ability
to meet their obligations to us by making payments on our existing equipment leases, make it impossible to contact our customers and potential
customers as well as potential sources of future financing, for our customers to visit our physical locations, and give rise to sudden
significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles that could interfere with our existing business as well as our
planned expansion into the mobility business. These events also pose significant risks to the Company s personnel and to physical facilities
and operations, which could materially adversely affect the Company s financial results. 

We have a history of losses and expect to
continue to incur losses. 

We have experienced net losses
and negative cash flows from operating activities, and we expect such losses and negative cash flows to continue in the foreseeable future.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of 8,028,117 and 8,482,296, respectively. We may never
achieve profitability. 

8 

We have a limited operating history, which
may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

We have a relatively short
operating history and have been delivering AI-powered solutions, our proprietary audience-driven business intelligence solution, since
January 2018, and are now offering the Campaign Performance Platform a SaaS (software-as-a-service) solution. As a result, it may be difficult
to evaluate in an investment in our stock. Furthermore, we operate in an industry that is characterized by rapid technological innovation,
intense competition, changing customer needs and frequent introduction of new products, technologies and services. We have encountered,
and we will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by companies in evolving industries. If our assumptions
regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in the market,
or we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and
our business could suffer. 

Our future success will depend
in large part on our ability to, among other things: 

market acceptance of our current and future products and services; 

improve the performance and capabilities of our products; 

manage the full automation of our Campaign Performance Platform solution; 

compete with other companies, custom development efforts and open source initiatives that are currently in, or may in the future enter, the market for our products; 	 

technology and data center infrastructure, enhancements to cloud architecture, improved disaster recovery protection, increasing data security, compliance and operations expenses; 

data center costs as customers increase the amount of data that is available to our platform and the number of users on our platform; 

the amount and timing of operating expenses, particularly sales and marketing expenses, related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 

write-downs, impairment charges or unforeseen liabilities in connection with intangible assets or acquisitions; 

our ability to successfully manage any acquisitions; and 

general economic and political conditions in our domestic and international markets 

If we fail to address or manage
these risks successfully, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those described elsewhere in this section,
our business will be adversely affected and our results of operations will suffer. 

Our success depends on increasing the number and value of enterprise
sales transactions, which typically involve a longer sales cycle, greater deployment challenges and additional support and services than
sales to individual purchasers of our products. 

Growth in our revenues and
profitability depends in part on our ability to complete more and larger enterprise sales transactions. These larger transactions may
involve significant customer negotiation. Enterprise customers may undertake a significant evaluation process, which can last from several
months to a year or longer. For example, in recent periods, excluding renewals, our transactions over 100,000 have generally taken over
three months to close. Any individual transaction may take substantially longer than three months to close. If our sales cycle were to
lengthen in this manner, events may occur during this period that affect the size or timing of a purchase or even cause cancellations,
which may lead to greater unpredictability in our business and results of operations. We will spend substantial time, effort and money
on enterprise sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. 

9 

The actual market for our products and services
could be significantly smaller than our estimates of our total potential market opportunity, and if customer demand for our products and
services does not meet expectations, our ability to generate revenue and meet our financial targets could be adversely affected. 

While we expect strong growth
in the markets for our products, it is possible that the growth in some or all of these markets may not meet our expectations, or materialize
at all. The methodology on which our estimate of our total potential market opportunity includes several key assumptions based on our
industry knowledge, market research, and customer experience. If any of these assumptions proves to be inaccurate, then the actual market
for our products could be significantly smaller than our estimates of our total potential market opportunity. If the customer demand for
our products or the adoption rate in our target markets does not meet our expectations, our ability to generate revenue from customers
and meet our financial targets could be adversely affected. 

If our new products and product enhancements
do not achieve sufficient market acceptance, our results of operations and competitive position will suffer. 

We spend substantial amounts
of time and money to research and develop new software and enhanced versions of our existing software to incorporate additional features,
improve functionality, function in concert with new technologies or changes to existing technologies and allow our customers to analyze
a wide range of data sources. When we develop a new product or an enhanced version of an existing product, we typically incur expenses
and expend resources upfront to market, promote and sell the new offering. Therefore, when we develop and introduce new or enhanced products,
they must achieve high levels of market acceptance in order to justify the amount of our investment in developing and bringing them to
market. 

Further, we may make changes
to our software that our customers do not find useful. We may also discontinue certain features, begin to charge for certain features
that are currently free or increase fees for any of our features or usage of our software. We may also face unexpected problems or challenges
in connection with new product or feature introductions. 

Our new products or product
enhancements, such as our Campaign Performance Platform, and changes to our existing software could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance
for many reasons, including: 

failure to predict market demand accurately in terms of software functionality and capability or to supply software that meets this demand in a timely fashion; 

inability to operate effectively with the technologies, systems or applications of our existing or potential customers; 

defects, errors or failures; 

negative publicity about their performance or effectiveness; 

delays in releasing our new software or enhancements to our existing software to the market; 

the introduction or anticipated introduction of competing products by our competitors; 

an ineffective sales force; 

poor business conditions for our end-customers, causing them to delay purchases; and 

the reluctance of customers to purchase software incorporating open source software. 

In addition, because our products
are designed to operate on and with a variety of systems, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our products to keep pace with
changes in technology. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market
in a timely fashion. 

10 

If our new software or enhancements and changes
do not achieve adequate acceptance in the market, our competitive position will be impaired, and our revenues could decline. The adverse
effect on our results of operations may be particularly acute because of the significant research, development, marketing, sales and other
expenses we will have incurred in connection with the new software or enhancements. 

Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs
in our software could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects. 

Because our software is complex,
undetected errors, failures or bugs may occur, especially when new versions or updates are released. Our software is often installed and
used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system management software, and equipment and networking
configurations, which may cause errors or failures of our software or other aspects of the computing environment into which it is deployed.
In addition, deployment of our software into computing environments may expose undetected errors, compatibility issues, failures or bugs
in our software. Despite testing by us, errors, failures or bugs may not be found in our software until it is released to our customers.
Moreover, our customers could incorrectly implement or inadvertently misuse our software, which could result in customer dissatisfaction
and adversely impact the perceived utility of our products as well as our brand. Any of these real or perceived errors, compatibility
issues, failures or bugs in our software could result in negative publicity, reputational harm, loss of or delay in market acceptance
of our software, loss of competitive position or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required,
or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. Alleviating
any of these problems could require significant expenditures of our capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays
or cessation of our licensing, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers and could adversely affect our results of
operations and growth prospects. 

Interruptions or performance problems associated
with our technology and infrastructure may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We may in the future experience
performance issues due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website or third-party hosting
disruptions or capacity constraints due to a number of potential causes including technical failures, cyber-attacks, security vulnerabilities,
natural disasters or fraud. If our security is compromised, our website is unavailable or our users are unable to access our software
within a reasonable amount of time or at all, our business could be negatively affected. Moreover, if our security measures, products
or services are subject to cyber-attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our website, products or services, our products
or services may be perceived as unsecure and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. In some instances, we may not be able
to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. These cloud-based products are hosted
at third-party data centers that are not under our direct control. If these data centers were to be damaged or suffer disruption, our
ability to provide these products to our customers could be impaired and our reputation could be harmed. 

In addition, it may become
increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our website performance, especially during peak usage times and as our software becomes
more complex and our user traffic increases. Adverse consequences could include unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times,
degradation in level of customer support and impaired quality of users experiences, and could result in customer dissatisfaction
and the loss of existing customers. We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve website performance
and security and to enable rapid and secure releases of new features and applications for our software. To the extent that we do not effectively
address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate
actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our use of open source software could negatively
affect our ability to sell our software and subject us to possible litigation. 

We use open source software
in our software and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. We may face claims from others claiming ownership of,
or seeking to enforce the license terms applicable to such open source software, including by demanding release of the open source software,
derivative works or our proprietary source code that was developed using such software. These claims could also result in litigation,
require us to purchase a costly license or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our software,
any of which would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, if the license terms for the open source
code change, we may be forced to re-engineer our software or incur additional costs. Finally, we
cannot assure you that we have not incorporated open source software into our software in a manner that may subject our proprietary software
to an open source license that requires disclosure, to customers or the public, of the source code to such proprietary software. Any such
disclosure would have a negative effect on our business and the value of our software. 

11 

We may require additional capital to fund
our business and support our growth.. 

We intend to continue to make
substantial investments to fund our business and support our growth. In addition, we may require additional funds to respond to business
challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our software, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire or develop
complementary businesses and technologies. As a result, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to provide the funds required
for these and other business endeavors. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities,
our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and
privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive
covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for
us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain such
additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory
to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly
impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. In addition, our inability to generate or obtain the financial resources needed
may require us to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

We are dependent on key personnel for our
operations. If those key personnel were to leave the Company, operations may suffer. 

Our
performance is highly dependent on the continued services of our executive officers and other key personnel, the loss of any of whom could
materially adversely affect our business. In addition, we need to attract and retain other highly-skilled, technical and managerial personnel
for whom there is intense competition. For example, if we are unable to hire or continually train our employees to keep pace with the
rapid and continuing changes in technology and the markets we serve or changes in the types of services our clients are demanding, we
may not be able to develop and deliver new services and solutions to fulfill client demand. Our inability to attract and retain qualified
technical and managerial personnel could materially adversely affect our ability to maintain and grow our business significantly. 

If labor costs for key personnel increase,
the increase may strain cash flows further. 

Competition
for labor could substantially increase our labor costs. Although we seek to preserve the contractual ability to pass through increases
in labor costs to our clients, not all of our current contracts provide us with this protection, and we may enter into contracts in the
future which limit or prohibit our ability to pass through increases in labor costs to our clients. If we are unable to pass costs through
to our clients, our financial condition may be materially affected. 

Though the Company incurs significant costs
while attempting to acquire other businesses, there is no guarantee that such transactions will be consummated 

The Company incurs significant
costs associated with both searching for companies to acquire and in closing a transaction. These costs include, but are not limited to,
airfare, legal, audit and consulting fees. Because the merger/acquisition is not only dependent on both parties being dedicated to the
completion of the transaction, but also the operational fit must be right, we may not close on all transactions we pursue. Incomplete
transactions may result in significant capital out flows with no benefit to the Company. 

We may become a party to litigation involving
intellectual property rights, employment violations, breach of contract, or other lawsuit, which may place a burden on management and
cash flows. 

Third
parties may, in the future, assert that our business, the technologies we use, or the business practices we use, infringe on their intellectual
property rights or employment rights or that we are in violation of other rights or laws. Defending the Company against such actions may
require significant time of management and substantial amounts of money. We cannot predict whether third parties will assert claims in
the future or whether any future claims will prevent us from offering our products or services. If we are found to be in the wrong, we
may be required to pay a significant amount of money which could include damages and attorneys fees. 

12 

A portion of our services are provided by
third parties which we do not control. Such third parties may provide poor service which may harm the relationships we have with our clients. 

We
currently, and may in the future, rely on third party providers to provide various portions of our service offering. If our
business relationship with a third-party provider is negatively affected, or is terminated, we might not be able to deliver the corresponding
service offering to our clients, which could cause us to lose clients and future business, reducing our revenues. Any such failure on
the part of the third party, may damage our reputation and otherwise result in a material adverse effect upon our business and financial
condition. 

We target a global
marketplace and compete in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry which makes our future operating results difficult to predict.
If we are unable to enhance products or acquire new products that respond to rapidly changing customer requirements, technological developments
or evolving industry standards, our long-term revenue growth will be harmed. 

We
target the global business intelligence, or BI, marketplace, which is an industry characterized by rapid technological innovation, changing
customer needs, substantial competition, evolving industry standards and frequent introductions of new products, enhancements and services.
Any of these factors can render our existing software products and services obsolete or unmarketable. We believe that our future success
will depend in large part on our ability to successfully: 

support current and future releases of popular hardware, operating systems, computer programming languages, databases and software applications 

develop new products and product enhancements that achieve market acceptance in a timely manner 

maintain technological competiveness and meet an expanding range of customer requirements. 

As
we encounter increasing competitive pressures, we will likely be required to modify, enhance, reposition or introduce new products and
service offerings. We may not be successful in doing so in a timely, cost-effective and appropriately responsive manner, or at all, which
may have an adverse effect on our business, quarterly operating results and financial condition. All of these factors make it difficult
to predict our future operating results which may impair our ability to manage our business. 

Our success is highly dependent on our ability
to penetrate the existing market for business analytics software as well as the growth and expansion of that market. 

Although the overall market
for business analytics software is well-established, the market for business analytics software like ours is relatively new, rapidly evolving
and unproven. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to penetrate the existing market for business analytics software,
as well as the continued growth and expansion of what we believe to be an emerging market for analytics solutions that are faster, easier
to adopt, easier to use and more focused on self-service capabilities. It is difficult to predict customer adoption and renewal rates,
customer demand for our products, the size, growth rate and expansion of these markets, the entry of competitive products or the success
of existing competitive products. Our ability to penetrate the existing market and any expansion of the emerging market depends on a number
of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our products, as well as customers willingness
to adopt a different approach to data analysis. Furthermore, many potential customers have made significant investments in legacy business
analytics software systems and may be unwilling to invest in new software. If we are unable to penetrate the existing market for business
analytics software, the emerging market for self-service analytics solutions fails to grow or expand, or either of these markets decreases
in size, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

13 

Our financial results
would suffer if the market for BI software does not continue to grow or if we are unable to further penetrate this market. 

Resistance
from consumer and privacy groups to increased commercial collection and use of data on spending patterns and other personal behavior and
governmental restrictions on the collection and use of personal data may impair the further growth of this market, as may other developments.
We cannot be sure that this market will continue to grow or, even if it does grow, that customers will purchase our software products
or services. We have spent, and intend to keep spending, considerable resources to educate potential customers about BI software in general
and our software products and services in particular. However, we cannot be sure that these expenditures will help our software products
achieve any additional market acceptance or enable us to attract new customers or new users at existing
customers. A reduction in the demand for our software products and services could be caused by, among other things, lack of customer acceptance,
weakening economic conditions, competing technologies and services or decreases in software spending. If the market and our market share
fail to grow or grow more slowly than we currently expect, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 

A large portion of our revenue is concentrated
with a small number of clients. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 , three clients represented approximately 31 of our service
fee revenue. Termination, reduction, or delay of our services under a contract could result from factors unrelated to our work product
or the progress of the project such as factors related to business or financial conditions of the client, changes in client strategies
or the domestic or global economy generally. Termination, reduction or substantial delay of services any significant client, or nonrenewal
of any significant client contract, or the nonpayment of a material amount of our service fees by a significant client, could have a material
adverse effect upon our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

If we do not accurately price our fixed
fee projects, the Company may suffer from decreased cash flows. 

When
making a proposal for, or managing, a fixed-price engagement, we rely on our estimates of costs and timing for delivering our services,
which may be based on limited data and could be inaccurate. If we do not accurately estimate our costs and the timing for completion of
a fixed-price project, the contract for such a project could prove unprofitable or yield a profit margin that is lower than expected.
Losses, if any, on fixed-price contracts are recognized when the loss is determined. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated
delays in connection with the performance of fixed-price contracts, including delays caused by factors outside of our control, could make
these contracts less profitable or unprofitable and may affect the amount of revenue, profit, and profit margin reported in any period. 

Our industry is dependent on quickly evolving
technologies and knowledge. If we do not maintain proper technology or knowledge, then our operations may be adversely affected. 

To
remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our services and the underlying
network infrastructure. If we are unable to adapt to changing market conditions, client requirements or emerging industry standards, our
business could be adversely affected. The internet and e-commerce environments are characterized by rapid technological change, changes
in user requirements and preferences, frequent new product and service introductions embodying new technologies and the emergence of new
industry standards and practices that could render our technology and systems obsolete. We must continue to address the increasingly sophisticated
and varied needs of our clients and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective
and timely basis. 

In addition, many competitors
expend a considerably greater amount of funds on their research and development programs, and those that do not may be acquired by larger
companies that would allocate greater resources to competitors research and development programs. If we fail to maintain adequate
research and development resources or compete effectively with the research and development programs of competitors, our business could
be harmed. Our ability to grow is also subject to the risk of future disruptive technologies. If new technologies emerge that are able
to deliver business intelligence solutions at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently or more securely, such technologies could
adversely affect our ability to compete. 

14 

We may not realize
the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. 

Our
growth strategy is dependent on the success of our completed acquisitions and in the future we may acquire additional companies, products
or technologies or enter into joint ventures or other strategic initiatives. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions
or any other future acquisition, and any acquisition has numerous risks. These risks include the following: 

difficulty in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired company; 

difficulty in effectively integrating the acquired technologies or products with our current technologies; 

difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration; 

disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and employees from other opportunities
and challenges due to integration issues; 

inability to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired business; 

inability to retain key customers, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business; 

inability to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses; 

incurring acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could impact
our operating results; 

potential failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality,
intellectual property infringement and other legal and financial liabilities, among other things; and 

potential inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are effective. 

Mergers
and acquisitions of companies are inherently risky and, if we do not complete the integration of acquired businesses successfully and
in a timely manner, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions to the extent anticipated, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are subject to governmental
laws, regulation and other legal obligations, particularly those related to privacy, data protection and information security, and any
actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, causing
our growth to be limited and harming our business. 

We receive, store and process
personal information and other data from and about customers in addition to our employees and services providers. Also, in connection
with future feature offerings, we may receive, store and process additional types of data, including personally identifiable information,
related to end consumers. Our handling of data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including regulation by various government
agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, and various state, local and foreign agencies. Our data handling also is
subject to contractual obligations and may be deemed to be subject to industry standards, including certain industry standards that we
undertake to comply with. 

The U.S. federal and various
state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use and storage of data relating to
individuals, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising and other communications with individuals
and businesses. In the United States, various laws and regulations apply to the collection, processing, disclosure, and security of certain
types of data. Additionally, the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing
standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. The laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security
are evolving, can be subject to significant change and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels
of enforcement and sanctions. 

Any failure or perceived failure
by us to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal or contractual obligations, industry standards, or regulatory guidance relating
to privacy, data protection, information security, marketing or consumer communications may result in governmental investigations and
enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity, and could cause our customers and partners to lose trust in
us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations
and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, marketing, consumer communications and information security in the United
States, the European Union and other jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may
have on our business. Future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations or any changed interpretation of existing laws or regulations
could impair our ability to develop and market new features and maintain and grow our customer base and increase revenue. Future restrictions
on the collection, use, sharing or disclosure of data or additional requirements for express or implied consent of our customers, partners
or end consumers for the use and disclosure of such information could require us to incur additional costs or modify our platform, possibly
in a material manner, which we may be unable to achieve in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and which could limit our ability
to develop new features. If our policies, procedures, or measures relating to privacy, data protection, information security, marketing,
or customer communications fail, or are perceived as failing, to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal obligations or industry
standards, we may be subject to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, regulatory investigations, fines, penalties and negative
publicity and could cause our application providers, customers and partners to lose trust in us, which could materially affect our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

15 

Future acquisitions may include an equity
component that may dilute the positions of current stockholders. 

We have traditionally used
our equity to finance our acquisitions. As we search for additional companies to acquire, the components of the purchase price may include
a combination of cash, debt and equity. The issuance of a substantial amount of equity may have a dilutive effect on our current shareholders
upon such equity being deemed free-trading. This dilution may result in lower market prices, which may limit an investor s ability
to obtain a return on their investment. 

In addition, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative
effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on
demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting
our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and
adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less
debt. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

Due to the low price and volume of our stock,
a shareholder may be unable to sell shares, or may lose money on their investment. 

The
trading price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in operating results,
announcements of material adverse events, general conditions in our industry or the public marketplace and other events or factors, including
the thin trading of our common stock. In addition, stock markets have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility in recent
years. This volatility has had a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many technology-related companies for reasons
frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. In addition, if our operating results differ from our announced guidance or the expectations of equity
research analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decrease significantly. 

Our principal stockholders, officers
and directors own a controlling interest in its voting stock and investors have a limited voice in our management. 

Our principal stockholders,
officers and directors, in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 54 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders
acting together, have the ability to control substantially all matters submitted to the Company s stockholders for approval, including
the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. In addition, sales of significant amounts of shares held
by our principal stockholders, directors and executive officers, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. Their stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain
control of the Company, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of
a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. 

16 

Our common stock
is subject to the penny stock rules of the sec and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions
in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

The Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes
relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: 

that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 

the broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In order to approve a person s
account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and 

make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer
must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock
market, which: 

sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally, brokers may be
less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors
to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock 

We have never paid
dividends and have no plans to pay dividends in the future. As a result, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on an
investor s investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Holders
of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors. To date, we have paid
no cash dividends and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to
provide funds for operations of our business. Therefore, any return investors in will be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market
value of our shares of common stock. There can be no assurance that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain
the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 

There is a limited
trading market for our common stock, and investors may find it difficult to buy and sell our shares. 

Our
common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange. Accordingly, investors may find it more difficult to buy and sell our
shares than if our common stock was traded on an exchange. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink, it is an unorganized,
inter-dealer, over-the-counter market which provides significantly less liquidity than the Nasdaq Capital Market or other national securities
exchange. Further, there is limited trading volume in our common stock, and any significant trading volume in our common stock may not
be sustained. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common stock. 

17 

We have a substantial number of convertible
securities outstanding. The exercise of our outstanding warrants/options and conversion of our outstanding convertible notes can have
a dilutive effect on our common stock. 

We have a substantial number
of convertible securities outstanding. The exercise of our outstanding options and convertible preferred stock can have a dilutive effect
on our common stock. As of December 31, 2022 , we had (i) outstanding options to purchase
approximately 879 million shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 0.009 per share, (ii) outstanding shares
of our Series, A, B, C, D, E, and G Preferred Stock that, upon conversion without regard to any beneficial ownership limitations or advance
conversion notice, would provide the holders with an aggregate of 966 million shares of our common stock. The issuance of shares of common
stock upon exercise of outstanding options or conversion of preferred stock could result in substantial dilution to our stockholders,
which may have a negative effect on the price of our common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

On August 1, 2022, the Company
signed a lease agreement with JJ Real Co., an unrelated party, which commenced on August 1, 2022, for approximately 2,000 square feet,
located at 1114 S St. Mary s Suite 120, San Antonio, TX 78210, for 5,350 per month, includes a pro rata share of the common building
expenses and each year the monthly lease payment is subject to change per the lease agreement. The lease expires on July 31, 2027. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company may be involved
in legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time in the future. However, at this time there are
no current legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is the subject
that is material. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable. 

18 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Common Stock 

The Company s common
stock trades on the OTC Pink under the symbol AIAD . 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were approximately 2,000 holders of the Company s common stock, not including shares held in street name in brokerage
accounts, which are unknown. 

Dividends 

The Company has not declared
or paid any cash dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate paying dividends for the foreseeable future. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

On November 26, 2021 the
Company adopted the AiAdvertising, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Stock Plan ). The Stock Plan will be used as incentive
for directors, executive officers, and employees of and key consultants to the Company. Pursuant to the Stock Plan, the Company may issue
200,000,000 shares of common stock. The plan is administered by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company has from time to
time issued non-qualified stock options to its officers and directors as set forth below. 

The following table provides equity compensation
plan information as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of 
 securities to be 
issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options 
 (a) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options 
(b) 
 Securities remaining 
available for future issuance 
 under equity compensation plans 
 (excluding 
 securities reflected 
 in column (a)) 
(c) 
 
 Equity compensation plan approved by stock holders 

200,000,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stock holders 

Total 

200,000,000 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 other than those transactions previously reported
to the SEC on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

19 

ITEM 6. RESERVED. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

The following Management s
Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included
elsewhere herein. The Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties,
such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are
forward-looking statements. When used, the words believe, plan, intend, anticipate, 
 target, estimate, expect, and the like, and/or future-tense or conditional constructions will, 
 may, could, should, etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this annual report. Our actual results and the timing
of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors including,
but not limited to, those noted under Risk Factors of the reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We
do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this
annual report on Form 10-K, except as may be required under applicable law . 

Overview- 

AiAdvertising s primary
focus is to disrupt the digital advertising world by offering a solution that harnesses the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to enable
marketers to increase productivity, efficiency and performance. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations, including the discussion on liquidity and capital resources, are based upon our
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management re-evaluates its estimates
and judgments, particularly those related to the determination of the estimated recoverable amounts of trade accounts receivable, impairment
of long-lived assets, revenue recognition, and deferred tax assets. We believe the following critical accounting policies require more
significant judgment and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements. 

Among the significant judgments
made by management in the preparation of our financial statements are the following: 

Revenue Recognition 

On January 1, 2018, the Company
adopted ASU 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and all subsequent amendments to the ASU (collectively, ASC 606 ),
using the modified retrospective method applied to those contracts which were not completed as of January 1, 2018. Results for
reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2018 are presented under Topic 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted
and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic accounting under Topic 605. Revenues are recognized when control of the promised
goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange
for those goods or services. The adoption of ASC 606 did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements.
See footnote 3 for a disclosure of our use of estimates and judgement, as it relates to revenue recognition. 

Included in revenue are costs
that are reimbursed by our clients, including third party services, such as photographers and stylists, furniture, supplies, and the largest
component, digital advertising. We have determined, based on our review of ASC 606-10-55-39, that the amounts classified as reimbursable
costs should be recorded as gross, due to the following factors: 

The Company is primarily in control of the inputs of the project and responsible for the completion of the client contract; 

We have discretion in establishing price; and 

We have discretion in supplier selection. 

20 

Accounts Receivable 

The Company extends credit
to its customers, who are located nationwide. Accounts receivable are customer obligations due under normal trade terms. The Company performs
continuing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition. Management reviews accounts receivable on a regular basis,
based on contracted terms and how recently payments have been received to determine if any such amounts will potentially be uncollected.
The Company includes any balances that are determined to be uncollectible in its allowance for doubtful accounts. After all attempts to
collect a receivable have failed, the receivable is written off. The balances of the allowance account at December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 were 5,619 and 4,469 respectively. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews its long-lived
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable.
To determine recoverability of a long-lived asset, management evaluates whether the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows from
the asset are less than its carrying amount. If impairment is indicated, the long-lived asset would be written down to fair value. Fair
value is determined by an evaluation of available price information at which assets could be bought or sold, including quoted market prices,
if available, or the present value of the estimated future cash flows based on reasonable and supportable assumptions. 

Indefinite Lived Intangibles and Goodwill Assets 

The Company accounts for business
combinations under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, where the total
purchase price is allocated to the tangible and identified intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated
fair values. The purchase price is allocated using the information currently available, and may be adjusted, up to one year from acquisition
date, after obtaining more information regarding, among other things, asset valuations, liabilities assumed and revisions to preliminary
estimates. The purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible and identified intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed
is recognized as goodwill. 

The Company tests for indefinite
lived intangibles and goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and may not be recoverable. In accordance with its policies, the Company performed a qualitative
assessment of indefinite lived intangibles and goodwill at December 31, 2022 and determined the fair value of each intangible asset and
goodwill did not exceed the respective carrying values. Therefore, an impairment of indefinite lived intangibles and goodwill was recognized. 

The impairment test conducted
by the Company includes an assessment of whether events occurred that may have resulted in impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
Because it was determined that events had occurred which effected the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets, the Company conducted
the two-step approach to determine the fair value and required adjustment. The steps are as follows: 

1. 
 Based on the totality of qualitative factors, determine whether the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable. Qualitative factors and key assumptions reviewed include the following: 

Increases in costs, such as labor, materials or other costs that could negatively affect future cash flows. The Company assumed that costs associated with labor, materials, and other costs should be consistent with fair market levels. If the costs were materially higher than fair market levels, then such costs may adversely affect the future cash flows of the Company or reporting units. 

Financial performance, such as negative or declining cash flows, or reductions in revenue may adversely affect recoverability of the recorded value of the intangible assets. During our analysis, the Company assumes that revenues should remain relatively consistent or show gradual growth month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. If we report revenue declines, instead of increases or flat levels, then such condition may adversely affect the future cash flows of the Company or reporting units. 

Legal, regulatory, contractual, political, business or other factors that could affect future cash flows. During our analysis, the Company assumes that the legal, regulatory, political or business conditions should remain consistent, without placing material pressure on the Company or any of its reporting units. If such conditions were to become materially different than what has been experienced historically, then such conditions may adversely affect the future cash flows of the Company or reporting units. 

21 

Entity-specific events such as losses of management, key personnel, or customers, may adversely affect future cash flows. During our analysis, the Company assumes that members of management, key personnel, and customers will remain consistent period-over-period. If not effectively replaced, the loss of members of management and key employees could adversely affect operations, culture, morale and overall success of the company. In addition, if material revenue from key customers is lost and not replaced, then future cash flows will be adversely affected. 

Industry or market considerations, such as competition, changes in the market, changes in customer dependence on our service offering, or obsolescence could adversely affect the Company or its reporting units. We understand that the market we serve are constantly changing, requiring us to change with it. During our analysis, we assume that we will address new opportunities in service offering and industries served. If we do not make such changes, then we may experience declines in revenue and cash flow, making it difficult to re-capture market share. 

Macroeconomic conditions such as deterioration in general economic conditions or limitations on accessing capital could adversely affect the Company. During our analysis, we acknowledge that macroeconomic factors, such as the economy, may affect our business plan because our customers may reduce budgets for our services. If there are material declines in the economy, which lead to reductions in revenue then such conditions may adversely affect the Company. 

2. 
 Compare the carrying amount of the intangible asset to the fair value. 

3. 
 If the carrying amount is greater than the fair value, then the carrying amount is reduced to reflect fair value. 

Goodwill and Intangible
assets are comprised of the following, presented as net of amortization: 

December 31, 2022 

AiAdvertising 
 Total 
 
 Domain name 
 20,202 
 20,202 
 
 Total 
 20,202 
 20,202 

December 31, 2021 

AiAdvertising 
 Total 
 
 Domain name 
 20,202 
 20,202 
 
 Total 
 20,202 
 20,202 

Business Combinations 

The Company allocates the
fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their
estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities
is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to
intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows
from acquired customer lists, acquired technology, and trade names from a market participant perspective, useful lives and discount rates.
Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain
and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, which is one year from the
acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill.
Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The Company s financial instruments,
including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities are carried at cost, which approximates
their fair value, due to the relatively short maturity of these instruments. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s
notes payable had stated borrowing rates that were consistent with those currently available to the Company and, accordingly, the Company
believes the carrying value of these debt instruments approximated their fair value. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has zero note
payables. 

Fair value is defined as the
price to sell an asset or transfer a liability, between market participants at the measurement date. Fair
value measurements assume that the asset or liability is (1) exchanged in an orderly manner, (2) the exchange is in the principal
market for that asset or liability, and (3) the market participants are independent, knowledgeable, able and willing to transact
an exchange. Fair value accounting and reporting establishes a framework for measuring fair value by creating a hierarchy for observable
independent market inputs and unobservable market assumptions and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Considerable judgment
is required to interpret the market data used to develop fair value estimates. As such, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methods
could have a material effect on the estimated fair value. 

22 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

None 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company does not elect to delay complying
with any new or revised accounting standards, but to apply all standards required of public companies, according to those required application
dates. 

Management reviewed accounting
pronouncements issued during the year ended December 31, 2022, and no pronouncements were adopted during the period. 

Management reviewed accounting
pronouncements issued during the year ended December 31, 2021, and the following pronouncement was adopted during the period. 

In January 2017, the FASB
issued 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The amendments
in this ASU simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test and eliminating the
requirement for a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment. Instead, under this pronouncement,
an entity would perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount and would recognize an impairment change for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value;
however, the loss recognized is not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. In addition, income tax effects
will be considered, if applicable. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. Due to the limited amount of goodwill and intangible assets recorded at December 31, 2021,
the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures was immaterial. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not
Yet Adopted 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 (ASU 2016-13) Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326):
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments which requires the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for
financial assets held at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with an expected loss methodology,
which will result in more timely recognition of credit losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods
within those years, beginning after December 15, 2022. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU
2016-13 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
 Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). The intention of ASU 2020-06 update is to address the complexity of
accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts
in an entity s own equity. Under ASU 2020-06, the number of accounting models for convertible notes will be reduced and entities
that issue convertible debt will be required to use the if-converted method for computing diluted Earnings Per Share. ASU 2020-06 is effective
for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2021 and may be adopted through either a modified or fully retrospective
transition. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

Results of Operations
for the Year Ended December 31, 20222, compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021. 

REVENUE 

Total revenue for the year
ended December 31, 2022 increased by 123,964 to 6,744,297, compared to 6,868,261for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase was primarily due to a pivot of focus from professional services to SaaS revenue generated by our Campaign Performance Platform.
During this pivot, we strategically chose to discontinue parts of our business, such as our hosting business, that was not part of our
core focus going forward. The hosting business is recorded separately as discontinued operations in the statement of operations for years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

COST OF REVENUE 

Cost of revenue for the year
ended December 31, 2022 increased by 2,615,898 to 7,312,215, compared to 4,696,317 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
was primarily due to the increase in platform fees, digital ad costs, and salaries partially offset by a decrease in discontinued operations. 

23 

SALARIES AND OUTSIDE SERVICES 

Salaries and outside services
for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 135,738 to 3,912,770, compared to 4,048,508 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease was primarily due to employee retention credit received during the year ended December 31, 2022 and partially offset by an increase
in salaries and professional services. 

SELLING, GENERAL, AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

SG A expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 765,464 to 4,001,870 compared to 4,767,334 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease
was primarily due to a decrease in recruiting services, rent, and research and development. 

DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 8,982 to 37,553, compared to 46,535 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, as of December 31, 2021, which
eliminated additional amortization of intangible assets in the current period. 

OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSE 

Total other income and expense
for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 1,896,139 to net other expense of 30,187 compared to net other income of 1,865,952
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net other expense was primarily due to the decrease in finance charges and compensation
expense related to the issuance of shares of common stock to a related party during the year end December 31, 2021 partially offset by
the gain on sales of discontinued operations. 

NET LOSS 

The
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8,489,924, compared to the net loss of 8,482,771 for the year ended December 31,
2021. The decrease in net loss for the period was primarily due to an employee retention credit received during the year ended December
31, 2022, an increase in SaaS revenue partially offset by SG A and stock option expenses. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES 

The Company had a net working
capital deficit (i.e. the difference between current assets and current liabilities) of 2,684,592) at December 31, 2022, compared to
a net working capital of 2,706,377 at December 31, 2021. 

Cash flow used in operating
activities was 4,413,732 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash flow used in operating activities of 4,958,822 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash flow used in operating activities of 545,090 was primarily due to a decrease in net
loss, partially offset by finance charges and warrant and stock option expenses. 

Cash flow provided by investing
activities was 4,224 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash flow used in investing activities of 128,046 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash flow provided by investing activities of 123,822 was primarily due to the sales
of hosting revenue stream, partially offset by purchase of computers, printer, and videography equipment. 

Cash flow provided by financing
activities was 1,033,884 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash flow provided by financing activities of 8,251,693 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash flow provided by financing activities of 7,217,809 was due to the
reduction of sales of common stock, partially offset by debt repayments. 

24 

Liquidity is the ability of
a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing
basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts
payable and capital expenditures. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had equity line financing relationship with one investor. During the current period, the investor provides short-term financing
under a stock purchase arrangement disclosed in footnote 10. The Company does not have any long-term sources of liquidity. As of December
31, 2022, there were no unused sources of liquidity, nor were there any commitments of material capital expenditures. 

The Company has negative monthly
cash flows from operations of approximately 300,000. The Company s current cash is sufficient to sustain the Company s operations
for approximately 12 months without additional borrowings. To satisfy cash needs, the Company relies on various borrowing mechanisms to
fund operations and service debt, as discussed above. 

The Consolidated Financial
Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets
and liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. Management believes that our current cash flow will sustain our operations
and obligations as they become due, additionally will allow the development of our core business operations. Furthermore, the Company
anticipates that it will raise additional capital through investments from our existing shareholders, prospective new investors and future
revenue generated by our operations. 

Any additional capital we
may raise through the sale of equity or equity-backed securities may dilute current stockholders ownership percentages and could
also result in a decrease in the fair market value of our equity securities. The terms of the securities issued by us in future capital
transactions may be more favorable to new investors and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or
other derivative securities which may have a further dilutive effect. 

Furthermore, any additional
debt or equity or other financing that we may need may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If we are unable to obtain
required additional capital, we may have to curtail our growth plans or cut back on existing business. Further, we may not be able to
continue operations if we do not generate sufficient revenues from operations. 

We may incur substantial costs
in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities law compliance fees,
printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain
securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our reported financial results. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 

25 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA OF AIADVERTISING, INC. 

AIADVERTISING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER
31, 2021 

CONTENTS 

PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-36 

F- 1 

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of AiAdvertising, Inc. and subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of AiAdvertising, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company suffered a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue Recognition 

As discussed
in Note 2 and Note 3, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The Company offers customers the ability
to acquire multiple services. Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements.
Given these factors and due to the volume of transactions, the related audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining
revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

We tested
the Company s allocation of the transaction price and other variables that impact revenue recognition. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. May 15, 2023 

F- 2 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Costs in excess of billings 
 - 

Prepaid and other current Assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

PROPERTY EQUIPMENT, net 

RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 

OTHER ASSETS 

Lease deposit 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable, related party 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Deferred revenue and customer deposit 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Capital lease obligation, long term 
 
 -

TOTAL LONG TERM LIABILITIES 
 
 -

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (see Note 14) 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value; Authorized shares: 

Series B Preferred stock; authorized, shares issued and outstanding; 

Series C Preferred Stock; authorized, shares issued and outstanding; 

Series D Preferred Stock; authorized, and shares issued and outstanding; 

Series E Preferred stock; authorized, shares issued and outstanding; 

Series F Preferred stock; authorized, and shares issued and outstanding; 
 -
 
 -

Series G Preferred stock; authorized, shares issued and outstanding; 

Common stock, par value; and authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Common stock payable, consisting of shares valued at 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

F- 3 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

REVENUE 

COST OF REVENUE 

Gross Profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and outside services 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

TOTAL OPERATING (INCOME) EXPENSES 

INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE OTHER INCOME AND TAXES 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 

Gain (loss) forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 -

Gain (loss) on Sales of Discontinued Operations 

Interest expense 
 -

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

INCOME/(LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES 

INCOME (LOSS) FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES 
 -

PROVISION (BENEFIT) FOR INCOME TAXES 
 -
 
 -

NET INCOME/(LOSS) 

PREFERRED DIVIDENDS 
 -

NET INCOME/(LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

NET LOSS PER SHARE 

BASIC 

DILUTED 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

BASIC 

DILUTED 

F- 4 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Common Stock 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

-

Conversion of convertible note, related party 

Stock issuances to lenders 

Stock issuances to related party 

Series A preferred stock dividend declared per share) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Series F preferred stock dividend declared per share) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Stock option exercised - cashless basis 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock option exercised - cash basis 

-

Preferred stock conversion 

-
 
 -

Warrant issuance 

Warrant exercise - cashless basis 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Warrant exercise - cash basis 

Other - RegA Investor Funds 

Redemption of Series F Preferred Stock 

Redempion of Series H Preferred stock 

-

Issuance of Series H Preferred stock 

Common stock payable 

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Conversion of convertible note, related party 

-

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Stock Issuance in exchange for services 

Stock issuances to related party 

-

Stock based compensation 

- 
 -

-

Stock option exercised - cashless basis 

-
 
 -

Stock option exercised - cash basis 

- 

-

Retired stock issuance 

-

Preferred stock conversion 

-
 
 -

Warrant issuance 

-

Warrant exercise - cashless basis 

-
 
 -

Warrant exercise - cash basis 

-

Common Stock Payable 

- 
 -

-

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

F- 5 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) from continued operations 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities 

Bad debt expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Finance charge, related party 
 -

Amortization of Debt Discount 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 -

Gain on Sale of Discontinued Operations 

Non-cash compensation expense 

Non-cash service expense 

Fair valuation of warrants as compensation 
 - 

Issuance of Series H Pref to employee 
 -

Change in assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) Decrease in: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Costs in excess of billings 

Lease deposit 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Customer Deposits 

NET CASH (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES - continued operations 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES - discontinued operations 
 -

NET CASH (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid for purchase of fixed assets 

Proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations 

NET CASH (USED IN)/PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payment of dividend 
 -

Proceeds of issuance of common stock, net 

Proceeds (payments) on line of credit, net 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of notes, related party, net 
 -

Proceeds (payments) of preferred stock 
 -

Principal payments on debt, third party 
 -

Proceeds from PPP loan 
 -

NET CASH (USED IN)/PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 
 -

Taxes paid 
 -
 
 -

Non-cash financing activities: 

Conversion of notes payable to common stock, related party 
 -

Right of use asset exchanged for lease liability 

Change in right of use asset 

Retired Stock Issuance 
 
 -

Conversion of preferred to common stock 
 -

Exercise of stock options 

Exercise of warrants 
 -

F- 6 

main areas, artificial intelligence, digital marketing, creative design, and web development. 

. We have
historically reported net losses, and negative cash flows from operations, which raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern in previous years. The appropriateness of using the going concern basis is dependent upon, among other
things, raising additional capital. Historically, the Company has obtained funds from investors since its inception through sales of our
securities. The Company will also seek to generate additional working capital from increasing sales from its campaign performance platform,
creative, website development, and digital advertising service offerings, and continue to pursue its business plan and purposes. 

F- 7 

and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we included and ), respectively, in
expense related to balances that were written off as bad debt. 

which was held in the Company s operating bank accounts. This amount is held
in a bank account exceeding the FDIC insured limit of . 

and , respectively. The costs in excess of billings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and ,
respectively. See footnote 3 for a disclosure of our use of estimates and judgement, as it relates to revenue recognition. 

F- 8 

and , respectively, in revenue, related to reimbursable costs. 

-

2,027,1527
 
 -

Development 
 
 -

-

Digital Advertising 
 
 -

-

The Platform 
 
 -

-

Total 
 
 -

- 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. 

and , for the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 9 

- 

Office furniture 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 -
 
 -

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

Gain/(loss) on disposals 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for fixed asset additions 

F- 10 

F- 11 

Total 

Total 

F- 12 

, which was held in the operating bank accounts. Of this amount, none was held
in any one account, in amounts exceeding the FDIC insured limit of . For further discussion on concentrations see footnote 11. 

and ,
respectively. 

shares of common stock underlying options, shares of common stock underlying warrants,
 Series B Preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock, Series C Preferred shares convertible into
 shares of common stock, Series D Preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock, Series
E Preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock, and Series G Preferred shares convertible into 
shares of common stock, because their impact on the loss per share is anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2022, the total dilutive shares
equate to . 

F- 13 

shares of common stock underlying options, shares of common stock underlying warrants,
 Series B Preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock, Series C Preferred shares convertible into
 shares of common stock, Series D Preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock, Series
E Preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock, and Series G Preferred shares convertible into 
shares of common stock, because their impact on the loss per share is anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2021 the total dilutive shares
equate to . 

F- 14 

which included the Indemnity Holdback amount of . The Buyer agreed to pay the Company the Indemnity
Holdback amount within 45 days following the six-month anniversary of the closing date (June 11, 2021) in accordance with the Asset
Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 the Indemnity Holdback amount was paid by the Buyer and is recorded as a Gain
on Sale of Discontinued Operations in our statement of operations. 

Cost of Sales 

Net Income from Discontinued Operations 

in our
determination of the deferred tax assets and liabilities balances. 

F- 15 

F- 16 

F- 17 

and respectively, in revenue related to reimbursable costs. The deferred
revenue and customer deposits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 

-

-

Development 
 
 -

-

Digital Advertising 
 
 -

-

The Platform 
 
 -

-

Total 
 
 -

- 

F- 18 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, which includes net income from discontinued operations of , and 
for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes net income from discontinued operations of and net cash used in operating
activities of and used in operating activities of , in the same periods, respectively. 

, plus
transaction costs of , which will be kept to protect the immediate history of the Company. The total recorded cost of this domain
of has been included in other assets on the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, we have determined that this domain has an
indefinite useful life, and as such, is not included in depreciation and amortization expense. The Company will assess this intangible
asset annually for impairment, in addition to it being classified with indefinite useful life. 

.
The total recorded cost of this trademark of has been included in other assets on the balance sheet. The trademark expired in
2021 and could be renewed for an additional years. As of September 30, 2015, we determined that this intangible asset has a definite
useful life of 174 months, and as such, will be included in depreciation and amortization expense. For the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company included and , respectively, in depreciation and amortization expense related to this trademark. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not renew the trademark and recorded the remaining intangible asset balance to depreciation
and amortization. As of December 31, 2022, the balance on this intangible asset was . 

Total 

and respectively. As of December 31,
2021, the balance of intangible assets is . 

F- 19 

, at which time we received an initial advance of 
to cover operational expenses. The terms of the April 2018 Note, as amended, allowed the lender, a related party, to convert all or part
of the outstanding balance plus accrued interest, at any time after the effective date, at a conversion price of per share. The
April 2018 Note bore interest at a rate of per year and had a maturity date of . The Company included the amortization of this beneficial conversion feature in interest expense in the amount of 
during the year ended December 31, 2018, and during the year ended December 31, 2019. During the year ended December 31, 2019,
we determined that the conversion feature of the April 2018 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines
because of the reset conversion features of the April 2018 Note. The fair value of the April 2018 Notes has been determined by using the
Binomial lattice formula from the effective date of the note. On June 23, 2020, the lender converted of the outstanding balance
and accrued interest of into shares of common stock. On January 13, 2021, the lender converted of the outstanding
balance and accrued interest of into shares of common stock. The balance of the April 2018 Note, as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was . This note was converted within the terms of the agreement. 

, at which time the entire balance
of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the August 3, 2017 Note, as of December 31,
2022 is . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable. See the February
17, 2021 Note . 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the August 15, 2017 Note, as of December
31, 2022 is . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable. See the
 February 17, 2021 Note . 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the August 28, 2017 Note, as of December
31, 2022 is . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable. See the
 February 17, 2021 Note . 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the September 28, 2017 Note, as
of December 31, 2022 is . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable.
See the February 17, 2021 Note . 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the October 11, 2017 Note, as of December
31, 2022 is . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable. See the
 February 17, 2021 Note . 

F- 20 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the October 27, 2017 Note, as of December
31, 2022 is . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable. See the
 February 17, 2021 Note . 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the November 15, 2017 Note, as of December
31, 2022 is . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable. See the
 February 17, 2021 Note . 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. . The balance of the November 27, 2017 Note, as of
December 31, 2021 is . On February 17, 2022, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable.
See the February 17, 2021 Note . 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the December 19, 2017 Note, as of December
31, 2022 was . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable. See the
 February 17, 2021 Note . 

, at which time the entire
balance of was received to cover operational expenses. The balance of the January 3, 2018 Note, as of December
31, 2022 is . On February 17, 2021, the related party note payable was refinanced and consolidated into one note payable. See the
 February 17, 2021 Note . 

, with Bountiful Capital, LLC for gross proceeds of . The note had a maturity date of January 28, 2022, and a prepayment of the note
was permitted. On March 4, 2021, the Company paid off the note in full in the amount of . 

, at which
time the entire balance of was received to refinance all outstanding promissory notes. The February 17, 2021 Note bears interest
at a rate of per year and is payable upon demand, but in no event later than . The balance of the February 17, 2017
Note, as of September 30, 2021 is , which includes of accrued interest. Upon executing the February 17, 2021 Note,
the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to Bountiful Capital at a price equal to cents per share which
the Company valued at at the time of issuance and recorded as interest expense. On November
29, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Bountiful Capital. Pursuant to the exchange agreement, the Company extinguished
the principal amount of , plus accrued interest of , on the unsecured promissory note issued to Bountiful Capital on February
27, 2021 by repaying in cash and issuing shares of common stock of the Company in full satisfaction of the note. 

and , respectively. 

F- 21 

, at which time was
received after subtracting lender costs. 
The Company issued shares of our common stock in connection with this borrowing, which required the recording of a discount
in the amount of against the balance, amortized over the term of the note. On December 31, 2021, the Company paid off the balance
owed on the October 2020 Note of and amortized the debt discount of . As of December 31, 2022, the balance owed on the
October 2020 Note was . 

, at which time was
received after subtracting lender costs. 
The Company issued shares of our common stock in connection with this borrowing, which required the recording of a discount
in the amount of against the balance, amortized over the term of the note. On December 31, 2021, the Company paid off the balance
owed on the December 2020 Note of and amortized the debt discount of . As of December 31, 2021, the balance owed on the
December 2020 Note was . 

under the Second Draw of the Paycheck Protection Program PPP2 ). 

shares of common stock, par value per share.
The Company is also authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value of per share. The rights, preferences
and privileges of the holders of the preferred stock will be determined by the Board of Directors prior to issuance of such shares. The
conversion of certain outstanding preferred stock could have a significant impact on our common stockholders. As of the date of this report,
the Board has designated Series A, Series B, Series C, Series D, Series E, Series F Series G and Series H Preferred Stock. 

shares of its preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into
 shares of the Company s common stock. The holders of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive
dividends, payable quarterly, out of any assets of the Company legally available therefor, at the rate of per share annually, payable
in preference and priority to any payment of any dividend on the common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid
dividends of and , respectively, to the holders of Series A Preferred stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock converted all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred into shares
of common stock, which ceased any further accruals of dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred. As of December 31, 2022, the balance
owed on the Series A Preferred stock dividend was . 

F- 22 

shares of its preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a stated value
of . The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock in an amount determined by dividing the
stated value by a conversion price of per share. The Series B Preferred Stock does not have voting rights except as required by
law and with respect to certain protective provisions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. 

shares of its preferred stock as Series C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock has a stated value
of . The Series C Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock in an amount determined by dividing the
stated value by a conversion price of per share. The Series C Preferred Stock does not have voting rights except as required by
law and with respect to certain protective provisions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding. 

shares of its preferred stock as Series D Preferred Stock. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock has a stated value
of . The Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into common stock at a ratio of shares of common stock per share of preferred
stock, and pays a quarterly dividend, calculated as (1/90,000) x (5 of the Adjusted Gross Revenue) of the Company s subsidiary
Parscale Digital. Adjusted Gross Revenue means the top line gross revenue of Parscale Digital, as calculated under GAAP (generally accepted
accounting principles) less any reselling revenue attributed to third party advertising products or service, such as, but not limited
to, search engine keyword campaign fees, social media campaign fees, radio or television advertising fees, and the like. The Series D
Preferred Stock does not have voting rights, except as required by law and with respect to certain protective provisions set forth in
the Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the holder of the shares of
Series D Preferred Stock converted shares of Series D Preferred into shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had shares of Series D Preferred Stock outstanding. During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we paid dividends
of , and respectively, to the holders of Series D Preferred stock. As of December 31, 2021, the balance owed on the Series
D Preferred stock dividend was . 

shares of its preferred stock as Series E Preferred Stock. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock has a stated value
of . The Series E Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock in an amount determined by dividing the
stated value by a conversion price of per share. Series E Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote, as a separate class or
otherwise, on any matter presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders
of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding. 

shares of its preferred stock as Series F Preferred Stock. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock has a stated value
of . The Series F Preferred Stock is not convertible into common stock. The holders of outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock
are entitled to receive dividends, at the annual rate of , payable monthly, payable in preference and priority to any payment of any
dividend on the Company s common stock. The Series F Preferred Stock does not have voting rights, except as required by law and
with respect to certain protective provisions set forth in the Certificate of Designation. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company
may, in its sole discretion, after the first anniversary of the original issuance date of the Series F Preferred Stock, redeem any or
all of the then outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock at a redemption price of per share plus any accrued but unpaid dividends.
During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company redeemed all outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock. The Company returned
the original investment amount to each Series F holder plus accrued dividends due through June 30, 2021, totaling , comprised of
 stated value and of accrued dividends. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid dividends on shares of the
Series F Preferred stock of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had zero shares of Series F Preferred Stock outstanding, and
an accrued dividend balance of . 

F- 23 

shares of its preferred stock as Series G Preferred Stock. Each share of Series G Preferred Stock has a stated value of . The
Series G Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock in an amount determined by dividing the stated value
by a conversion price of per share. The Series G Preferred Stock does not have voting rights except as required by law and with
respect to certain protective provisions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Series G Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had shares of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding. 

shares of its Series H Preferred Stock to the then-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Andrew Van Noy. On May 18, 2021, the Company redeemed all shares of Series H Preferred
stock. 

shares of Series H Preferred Stock to Andrew Van Noy, the Company s then-chief executive officer,
for services rendered. 

shares of common stock,
 prefunded warrants to purchase shares of common stock (at an exercise price of ), and warrants to purchase
shares of common stock for gross proceeds of net of which was received February 23, 2021 and was received
upon exercise of the prefunded warrants), On March 5, 2021, we entered into an amendment with the purchaser for the registered direct
offering to reduce the exercise price of the warrants from to per share of common stock. On the date of the amendment the
closing price of the common stock was therefore no discount was offered or recorded. We also issued an additional warrants
to the purchaser. The Company also issued warrants (at an exercise price of to the designees of the placement agent
in connection with this transaction. After transaction costs, the Company received net proceeds of , which is being used for
operations. 

F- 24 

of the lowest traded price during the Valuation Period (as defined under the Purchase Agreement) or (b) the closing price
for the Company s common stock on the trading day preceding the date of the purchase notice provided under the Purchase Agreement.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the investor purchased shares of common stock, and the Company received net proceeds
of , which is being used for operations. 

shares for a total
of shares of common stock at a cost basis of per share amounting to . 

per year in
stock grants, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock of per share on August 22, 2022, for a total of 
shares of common stock, and a month in cash compensation. During year ended December 31, 2022, the consultant was issued 
shares of common stock, and cash compensation has been distributed. 

common shares of the Company s stock to
Alex Cannon for services performed with a price of per share amounting to in value. 

common shares of the Company s
stock to Bradley Parscale for services performed with a price of per share amounting to in value. 

F- 25 

shares of our common stock to a key employee, at a price of 
per share. The stock options vest equally over a period of months and expire . These options allow the optionee to exercise
on a cashless basis, resulting in no cash payment to the company upon exercise. If the optionee exercises on a cashless basis, then the
above water value (difference between the option price and the fair market price at the time of exercise) is used to purchase shares of
common stock. Under this method, the number of shares of common stock issued will be less than the number of options used to obtain those
shares of common stock. On September 30, 2018, the employee exercised, on a cashless basis, options, resulting in the issuance
of shares of common stock. During the quarter ended March 30, 2021, the employee exercised, on a cashless basis, options,
resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2021, all stock options issued on August 1, 2017 were
fully exercised. 

shares of our common stock to three key employees, at a price
of per share. The stock options vest equally over a period of months and expire September 18, 2022. These options allow the optionee
to exercise on a cashless basis. During the year ended December 31, 2020, two of the employees who held options, collectively,
left the company and the options were forfeited, and during the period ended June 30, 2020, a key employee who held options left
the Company and the options were forfeited. 

shares of our common stock to a key employee, at a price of
 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the key employee left the Company and the options were forfeited. 

shares of our common stock to ten key employees and three directors,
at an exercise price of per share. The stock options vest equally over a period of months and expire . During the year ended December 31, 2021,
 options were exercised on a cashless basis, resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, a key employee who held options left the Company, and the options were forfeited. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, options were exercised on a cashless basis, resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, two of the employees who held options collectively left the company, and the options
were forfeited. 

shares of our common stock to a director, at an exercise price of
 per share. The stock options vest equally over a period of months and expire . These options are exercisable on
a cashless basis, any time after June 2, 2021. 

shares of our common stock to six key employees and three directors,
at an exercise price of per share. The stock options vest equally over a period of months and expire . During the year ended December 31, 2021, a key employee who
held options left the Company, and the options were forfeited. 

shares of our common stock to a key employee, at an exercise
price of per share. The stock options vest equally over a period of months and expire . During the period ended December 31, 2022, the key employee left the Company, and
the options were forfeited. 

F- 26 

shares of our common stock to five board members,
three of which are independent, and one employee, at an exercise price of per share. The stock options vest equally
over a period of months and expire . These options are exercisable on a cashless basis, anytime
after March 1, 2022. 

Stock volatility factor 

Weighted average expected option life 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding end of year 

Exercisable at the end of year 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year 

and , respectively. Stock
option expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were and , respectively. 

F- 27 

warrants through four agreements, which are exercisable immediately on a cashless
basis at prices ranging from to per share. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were and warrants
outstanding, respectively. 

Stock volatility factor 

Weighted average expected warrant life 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

F- 28 

Issued 
 -

Exercised 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding end of period 

Exercisable at the end of period 

Weighted average fair value of warrants granted during the period 

and , respectively. 

and accrued interest of were converted into shares of Series G preferred stock. On February 17, 2021, the Company
entered into an Unsecured Promissory Note (the February 17, 2021 Term Note ), in the aggregate principal amount of ,
with Bountiful Capital, LLC for gross proceeds of . The investor is a related party. The note bore interest at a rate of per
year and was not convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. Principal and interest under the note were due and payable upon
maturity on January 28, 2022, and a prepayment of the note was permitted. On March 4, 2021, the Company paid off the February 17, 2021
Term Note in full in the amount of . Also on February 17, 2021, the Company entered into an Unsecured Promissory Note (the February
17, 2021 Refinance Note with Bountiful Capital to refinance ten Unsecured Promissory Notes dated between August 3, 2017 and January
3, 2018, with a total principal balance of and accrued interest of . The February 17, 2021 Refinance Note bore interest
of per year and was not convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. Principal and interest under the note are due and payable
upon maturity on August 31, 2021, and a prepayment of the note is permitted. On February 17, 2021, the Company issued Bountiful Capital
 shares of common stock in connection with the issuances of the February 17, 2021 Term Note and the February 17, 2021 Refinance
Note, which the Company valued at . We included in interest expense related to the shares. On
November 29, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Bountiful Capital. Pursuant to the exchange agreement, the Company
extinguished the principal amount of , plus accrued interest of , on an unsecured promissory note issued to Bountiful
Capital on February 27, 2021 by repaying in cash and issuing shares of common stock of the Company in full satisfaction
of the note. 

F- 29 

and respectively. 

shares of its Series H Preferred Stock to the then-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Andrew Van Noy. The
Series H Preferred Stock was not convertible into shares of the Company s common stock and entitles the holder to of the voting
power of the Company s shareholders. The shares of Series H Preferred stock provided for automatic redemption by the Company
at the par value of per share on the sooner of: 1) sixty days (60) from the effective date of the Certificate of Designation, 2)
on the date Andrew Van Noy ceases to serve as an officer, director or consultant of the Company, or 3) on the date that the Company s
shares of common stock first trade on any national securities exchange. On May 18, 2021, the Company redeemed all shares of Series H Preferred
stock. 

shares of Series H Preferred Stock to Andrew Van Noy, the Company s former chief executive
officer, for services rendered. 

shares
of Series H Preferred stock outstanding . 

and major customers that represented approximately and of total revenue, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, accounts receivable from and customers, represented approximately and of total accounts receivable, respectively.
The customers comprising the concentrations within the accounts receivable are not the same customers that comprise the concentrations
with the revenues discussed above. 

and lease liabilities of . 

F- 30 

, which is the rate incurred to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments
in a similar economic environment. In calculating the present value of the lease payments, the Company elected to utilize its incremental
borrowing rate based on the remaining lease terms as of the January 1, 2019 adoption date. 

year to years, some of which include options to
extend the lease term for up to an undetermined number of years. 

square feet, at 321 Sixth Street, San Antonio, TX 78215, for per month, plus a pro rata share of the common building expenses.
The lease expired on July 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, it was unclear whether we will attempt to extend this lease beyond the July
31, 2022 expiration date. As of December 31, 2021, the lease was to expire in less than twelve months, however, the lease liability remained
on the Balance Sheet as Right-of-use lease. This lease did not include a residual value guarantee, nor did we expect any material exit
costs. As of January 1, 2019, we determined that this lease meets the criterion to be classified as a ROU Asset and is included on the
balance sheet as Right-Of-Use Assets. On November 18, 2021 the lease agreement with Bureau Inc. was terminated and transferred to the
new landlord Irish Flats Investment. The terms of the lease agreement remained the same. As of December 31, 2022, the ROU asset and liability
balances of this lease were and , respectively. 

and , respectively. The Company is also required to pay
its pro rata share of taxes, building maintenance costs, and insurance in according to the lease agreement. 

per month, includes a pro rata share of the
common building expenses and each year the monthly lease payment is subject to change per the lease agreement. The lease expires on July
31, 2027. The lease expiration is greater than twelve months, thus included on the Balance Sheet as Right-of-Use lease. This lease does
not include a residual value guarantee, nor do we expect any material exit costs. As of August 1, 2022, we determined that this lease
meets the criterion to be classified as a ROU Asset and is included on the balance sheet as Right-Of-Use Assets. As of December 31, 2022,
the ROU asset and liability balances of this lease were and , respectively. 

and , respectively. The Company is also required to
pay its pro rata share of taxes, building maintenance costs, and insurance according to the lease agreement, which is recorded in a separate
expense account on the income statement. In addition, the Company had in rental leases
of less than 12 months for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will make monthly payments of 
on a reduced balance of . Upon payment of , the Company will record a gain on extinguishment of debt of . During
the quarter ended September 30, 2021, the Company paid off the remainder of the reduced balance and recorded a gain on extinguishment
of debt of per the agreed terms. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance was and , respectively. 

F- 31 

months, at a monthly payment of , and an option to purchase
all items at the end of the lease for dollar. This lease expired on and has a remaining balance owed of , included
in Related Party Accounts Payable. It is certain that the Company will exercise this purchase option . We have evaluated this lease in
accordance with ASC 842-20 and determined that it meets the definition of a finance lease. 

less accumulated amortization 

Net 
 -
 
 -

-

Liability balance 
 
 -

Cash flow (non-cash) 
 -
 
 -

Interest expense 
 -
 
 -

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less imputed interest 

Total liability 

months 

Finance Leases 
 months 

F- 32 

, netting to on
the statement of cash flows. 

, netting to in the statement of cash flows. 

stock options exercised their options into shares of common stock in the
amount of . The same holder exercised an additional of stock options into shares of common stock in the amount
of for a total amount of . 

shares of common stock were retired and returned to the Company s authorized and unissued
shares of common stock in the amount of . 

of principal, interest and fees, into common
shares and the Company issued shares in connection with the issuance of February17, 2021 Term Note and February 17, 2021 Refinance
Note, which the Company valued at and included in interest expense. 

, netting to zero
on the statement of cash flows. 

shares of Series A Preferred stock converted all shares into shares
of common stock in the amount of . 

shares of Series D Preferred stock converted into shares of common stock
in the amount of . 

stock options exercised their options into shares of common stock
in the amount of . 

warrants exercised their warrants into shares of common stock in
the amount of . 

shares of common stock to a related
party the value of the common shares recorded was . 

and effective
tax rate, respectively: 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax provision 
 -
 
 -

F- 33 

in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized in future periods
to reduce taxable income through 2040. The deferred tax liability balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively.
 During the year ended December 31, 2018, it was determined that, due to the Company never having
paid federal income taxes and having a large net operating loss (NOL), it is unlikely we will pay federal income taxes in the foreseeable
future. 

shares of common stock with a purchase price of per share amounting
to . 

shares of common stock with a purchase price of per share amounting to . 

shares of common stock with a purchase price of per share amounting
to . 

shares of common stock with a purchase price of per share amounting to . On March 23, 2023, in accordance with Section 2 of the purchase agreement, dated March 28, 2022 and amended on July 28, 2022 between the Company and an accredited investor (see Note 10), the Company submitted a purchase notice to the investor of a sale by the Company to the investor of shares of common stock with a purchase price of per share amounting to . On April 4, 2023, in accordance with Section 2 of the purchase agreement, dated March 28, 2022 and amended on July 28, 2022 between the Company and an accredited investor (see Note 10), the Company submitted a purchase notice to the investor of a sale by the Company to the investor of shares of common stock with a purchase price of per share amounting to .	 

F- 34 

shares of its Series I Preferred Stock (the Series I Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of up
to (the Purchase Price ), in three tranches. Tranche A comprises shares of Series I Preferred Stock
at a purchase price of per share of Series I Preferred Stock purchased at an initial closing on April 11, 2023. The Company also
granted the Purchaser a six-month option from the date of the initial closing, which the Purchaser has the right to assign subject to
certain restrictions, to purchase (i) up to additional shares of Series I Preferred Stock at a purchase price of per share
of Series I Preferred Stock, and (ii) up to shares of Series I Preferred Stock at a purchase price of per share of Series
I Preferred Stock. 

of the Series I Preferred Stock purchased pursuant to the Purchase Agreement
have not been redeemed by the Company or converted into common stock of the Company, par value per share (the Common Stock ),
Hexagon will have the right to designate two directors to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), and the Company
may not increase the size of the Board above six directors without Hexagon s prior written consent. During the same period Hexagon
has the right to designate two directors to the Board, Hexagon will have the right to appoint an observer to attend meetings of the Board. 

per share, of the Company (the Series J Preferred Shares at the purchase price set forth in the Rights Agreement. 

F- 35 

or more of the Common Stock without the approval of the Board. As a result, the overall effect of
the Rights Agreement and the issuance of the Rights may be to render more difficult or discourage a merger, tender or exchange offer or
other business combination involving the Company that is not approved by the Board. The Rights Agreement is not intended to interfere
with any merger, tender or exchange offer or other business combination approved by the Board. Nor does the Rights Agreement prevent the
Board from considering whether an offer is in the best interest of its stockholders. The Rights Agreement will exempt certain persons
as specified therein, including but not limited to the Purchaser and certain of its affiliates. 

of the vote, (iii)
revise the provisions relating to indemnification of certain persons, and (iv) provide that the Board may not amend the bylaws without
the affirmative vote of of the members of the Board (the Amended and Restated Bylaws ). 

and a one-time bonus of payable on or before May 15, 2023. Mr. Hug will also be eligible for an annual incentive bonus, with a
target payout of a minimum of fifty percent of his base salary (the Target Bonus ), upon the achievement of Company
performance goals established by the Company s compensation committee of the board of directors. The Employment Agreement further
provides that upon the successful up-listing of the Company s common stock to a national securities exchange such as Nasdaq or the
New York Stock Exchange, Mr. Hug will receive a one-time up-listing bonus in the amount of . 

F- 36 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management, with the participation
of the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period
covered by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under
the Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and
(ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based
on that evaluation, our management concluded that, due to adjusting journal entries made by our independent auditor, as of December 31,
2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective. 

Our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Our internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements 

Our management assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

26 

Management has identified control deficiencies
regarding adjusting journal entries. Management of the Company believes this weakness will be remediated as we continue to improve our
processes and procedures to control deficiencies in the future. 

Because of the above material
weakness, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,
based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

No Attestation Report by Independent Registered Accountant 

The effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm by
virtue of our exemption from such requirements as a smaller reporting company. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter of fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

The Company s management
does not expect that its disclosure controls or its internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all
fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control
system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by
the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or management override of the controls. The design of any system
of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness
to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in
the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

27 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table lists
the executive officers and directors of the Company: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Gerard Hug 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

John C. Small 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Kevin Myers 
 
 60 
 
 Director, Chief Marketing Officer 

Richard Berliner 
 
 69 
 
 Independent Director, Chairperson of the Audit Committee, Financial Expert 

Virginia,Rosie O Meara 
 
 38 
 
 Independent Director, Chairperson of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee 

Mark Fruehan 
 
 61 
 
 Independent Director, Chairperson of the Compensation Committee 

Gerard
Hug was appointed on July 21, 2022, as Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Prior to being appointed as CEO and Director
of the Company, Mr. Hug was Director of Operations from July 2018, where he was instrumental in architecting and executing the Company s
pivot from a traditional agency to an Enterprise Software Technology company, focused on commercializing Artificial Intelligence and Machine
Learning in the Digital Marketing and Advertising space. Mr. Hug was previously Chief Executive Officer and Director of SITO
Mobile from November 10, 2014 through February 2017, where he architected and executed the successful transformation of the company from
a SMS aggregator to an industry leader in Location-Based Mobile Advertising. Mr. Hug also served as Director of Corporate Development,
Executive Vice President of SITO Mobile Interim CEO, before his promotion to CEO in November 2014. Between 2007 and 2010, Mr. Hug was
the co-founder and President of Waveyard Development LLC, a water-sports resort destination development company. From 2003 to June 2006,
Mr. Hug served as Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of Wireless Retail Inc., a 400 million wireless services company
that was among the first U.S. businesses to use the store-in-store business model to sell mobile phones for wireless carriers through
large nationwide retailers. Mr. Hug was interim CFO for Wireless Retail Inc. leading up to its sale to Radio Shack Corporation. From 2002
to 2004, Mr. Hug was Managing Partner of Redwood Partners, an early-stage merchant bank and advisory firm that focused on providing early-stage
capital and executive management to technology, media and telecommunications businesses. Mr. Hug attended The Pennsylvania State
University where he studied finance on a full athletic scholarship, and was a member of the 1986 National Championship football team under
legendary coach Joe Paterno. 

The
Board has concluded that Mr. Hug is qualified to serve as a director because of the depth of his industry experience and his extensive
experience as an executive in the digital marketing space. 

28 

On
December 17, 2022, the SEC filed an amended complaint against Mr. Hug improperly charged SITO s corporate credit card with approximately
 77,000 in personal expenses, and approximately 160,000 in expenses that had no apparent business purpose or for which Hug did not provide
sufficient verification. The amended complaint further alleged that Hug regularly used SITO s corporate credit card to pay for personal
expenses such as family vacations, sporting tickets, designer clothes, luxury items, donations to his son s private school, and college
living expenses for his daughter. 

Without
admitting or denying the SEC s allegations, Mr. Hug consented to the entry of a final judgment the U.S. District Court for the District
of New Jersey entered on December 15, 2022, permanently enjoining him from violating Section 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act, Sections
13(b)(5) and 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rules 13a-14, 13b2-1, 13b2-2, 14a-3, and 14a-9 thereunder; and ordering a 50,000 civil penalty. 

John Small was appointed on March
15, 2023 to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. He has extensive experience in portfolio management and investment research,
including working as an analyst at Ulysses Management (February 1996 to March 2000), Dillon Read (January 1992 to October 1993), and Morgan
Stanley (October 1993 to January 1996), and as Senior Asset Manager responsible for Telecom, Media, Technology, and Renewable Energy investments
for the GLG North American Opportunity Fund (April 2000 to August 2012). After 20 years on Wall Street, he went on to hold various senior
management positions within internet media, software, and cryptocurrency industries including CFO of Viggle Inc. (NASDAQ: VGGL) from August
2012 to October 2015, COO of privately held Mode Media Inc. from October 2015 to October 2016, and SVP of Finance for privately-held Tsunami
VR, Inc. from October 2016 to May 2019. From December 2019 to January 2022, Mr. Small was the CFO of Monsoon Blockchain Corporation, a
company focused on leveraging the latest blockchain technology to develop solutions and foster the adoption of digital assets globally. 
He is currently COO of Big Watt Digital (since April 2022), a bitcoin mining company using only renewable energy, the CFO of Invest.Inc
(since December 2022), a company developing a platform to help retail investors make better decisions, the CFO of the Roman DBDR Tech
Acquisition Corp (NASDAQ: DBDR) (since August 2020), Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp II (since December 2020), and Roman DBDR Tech
Acquisition Corp III (since January 2021). Mr. Small holds a B.A. in Economics with a concentration in International Relations from Cornell
University. 

The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Small is qualified to serve
as an officer because of his management and industry experience, in addition to his understanding of generally accepted accounting principles
and financial reporting. 

Kevin Myers, age 59, has been
a director of the Company since December 2019 and has been chief marketing officer of the Company since August 26, 2021. Mr. Myers served
as the chief marketing and information officer of Donatos Pizza, from February 2018 until March 2020. Prior to Donatos Pizza, Mr. Myers
served as the General Manager of the brand division of Majority Strategies, a full-service data, digital and print agency, from November
2015 until February 2018. In this role, Mr. Myers was responsible for revenue growth and product development in the company s corporate
advertising division. Prior to Majority Strategies, Mr. Myers held various marketing and advertising roles for over 12 years. He holds
a bachelor s degrees from the Ohio State University in industrial and computer science engineering. 

The Board of Directors believes
that Mr. Myers is qualified to serve as a director because of his industry experience and his understanding of industry trends. 

On October 7, 2021, the Board of Directors appointed Richard Berliner
to serve on the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Berliner has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fifth Gen Media, Inc.,
a marketing and publishing company, owned by Mr. Berliner since 2016. Mr. Berliner s prior experience was as Chief Executive Officer
of a wireless construction company, Redwing Electric from 2012-2015, which was later sold to an investor group. Mr. Berliner did a one-year
consulting project for the Swedish equipment manufacturer Ericsson, reporting to the Chief Operating Officer in 2011. Mr. Berliner was
the Founder, Chairman and CEO of Berliner Communications or BCI (BCI) which he started in 1995, which subsequently merged with another
firm in 2010. Mr. Berliner handled the firm s quarterly earnings calls and the annual meetings in his role as Chairman. Mr. Berliner
graduated from Rutgers with a BA in Business in 1975. He is a Fellow in the Radio Club of America and was elected in 2004. 

The
Company s Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Berliner is independent within the meaning of rules of The Nasdaq
Stock Market and is qualified to serve on the Board of Directors because of his extensive senior management experience. 

29 

On
October 26, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Virginia Rosie O Meara to serve on the Company s
Board of Directors. Mrs. O Meara has been Chief Revenue Officer at GroundTruth, a location-based marketing and advertising
technology company, since October 2020. Mrs. O Meara was Senior Vice President of GroundTruth s Platform Self-Serve business
from October 2019 to September 2020. Mrs. O Meara was Vice President of Customer Success at a4Media, the media division of Altice
USA, from September 2018 to September 2019. Mrs. O Meara was Chief Executive Officer of Zapp360 beginning in January of 2018 and
led its acquisition by Altice USA in September of the same year. Prior to serving as Chief Executive Officer at Zapp360, Mrs. O Meara
also served as Chief Operating Officer from August 2017 to January 2018, Vice President of Customer Success from April 2016 to July 2017,
and Director of Business Development from August 2013 to March 2016. Mrs. O Meara held sales roles as a Director of Mobile Ad Sales
at Verve Mobile from July 2012 to August 2013 and as a Digital Account Executive at ITN Digital from January 2010 to July 2012, selling
digital and mobile advertising solutions to holding company agencies and brand direct clients on the East Coast in both roles. 

The
Company s Board of Directors has determined that Mrs. O Meara is independent within the meaning of the rules
of The Nasdaq Stock Market and is qualified to serve on the Board of Directors because of her extensive industry experience within the
ad-tech industry, her deep connections with advertisers and publishers, and her senior management experience. 

On
November 4, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mark Fruehan to serve on the Company s Board of Directors. Since
September 30, 2021, Mr. Fruehan has served as Chief Executive Officer of First Screen of the Americas, which offers
digital first brands and content creators alternative distribution and billing mechanisms to monetize content. From July 2020 to
June 2021, Mr. Fruehan was Chief Revenue Officer of Tradeswell, the leading AI-driven eCommerce solution, which helps brokers
and resellers sell on Amazon, Walmart, and Target. Prior to serving as Chief Revenue Officer at Tradeswell from April 2018
to July 2020, Mr. Fruehan served as President and Chief Revenue Officer at Verve Group, a Media and Games Invest SE portfolio
company (Berlin) and a privacy-first omnichannel ad platform offering programmatic solutions that connects advertisers
and publishers to people in real time. In October 2016, Mark co-founded Amplify.ai, a global enterprise chatbot platform
funded by Costanoa Ventures, which was recently acquired by Triller.net; leading the sales and partner development
through their start-up phase until March of 2018. Mr. Fruehan s roots in the mobile and wireless industry run deep,
with leadership roles at Opera Mediaworks AdMarvel as President, and Head of Business development and innovation at VeriSign and
CellStar. Mr. Fruehan has over 30 years of experience in the digital and mobile industry across cost per engagement, mobile content
data service, media, monetization, including payments, and messaging. Mr. Fruehan has worked closely with brands, mobile operators,
and media companies; in addition to holding several advisory seats and board memberships at early-stage ventures and established tech
companies alike. Mr. Fruehan attended Penn State, earning a Bachelor of Science in Economics, and is a proud member of the 1982
NCAA Championship Football Team. 

The Company s
Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Fruehan is independent within the meaning of the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market
and is qualified to serve on the Board of Directors because of his extensive industry experience within the ad-tech industry, his deep
connections with advertisers and publishers, and his senior management experience. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our executive
officers and directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years,
except as set forth above, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has been: 

the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

30 

found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law; 

the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board Committees 

On November 4, 2021 the Board
formed and appointed Richard Berliner, Virginia Rose O Meara, and Mark Fruehan as members of the Audit Committee, with Mr. Berliner
serving as the Chairperson. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee designated is independent pursuant
to the required standards set forth in Rule 10A-3(b) of the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, based on an evaluation of the relationships
between the Company and each of the members. 

Mr. Berliner is designated
as the audit committee financial expert as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, based on the Board s evaluation of his knowledge of accounting, qualifications and experience and has an appropriate
background which results in his financial sophistication in accordance with the additional audit committee requirements of Rule 5605(c)(2)(A). 

On November 4, 2021 the Board
formed and appointed Richard Berliner, Virginia Rose O Meara, and Mark Fruehan as members of the Compensation Committee , with Mr.
Fruehan serving as the Chairperson. 

On November 4, 2021 the Board
formed and appointed Richard Berliner, Virginia Rose O Meara, and Mark Fruehan as members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee, with Mr. O Meara serving as the Chairperson. 

The Board has determined that
each of the members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is independent,
pursuant to the definition of independence under Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdag Listing Rules. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

The Company has adopted a
Code of Conduct that applies to all of its directors, officers and employees. Any waiver of the provisions of the Code of Conduct for
executive officers and directors may be made only by the Audit Committee, or the full Board of Directors and, in the case of a waiver
for members of the Audit Committee, by the Board of Directors. Any such waivers will be promptly disclosed to the Company s shareholders.
A copy of our Code of Conduct is available on our website (www.aiadvertising.com) and will be provided to any person requesting same without
charge. To request a copy of our Code of Conduct please make written request to our Chief Executive Officer c/o AiAdvertising, Inc. at
1114 S St. Mary s Ste 120, San Antonio, TX 78210. 

Changes in Nominating Procedures 

None 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

The following Compensation
Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation
Table Named Executive Officers ), and executive officers that we may hire in the future. As more fully described below,
our Compensation Committee makes all decisions for the total direct compensation of our executive officers, including the Named Executive
Officers. 

31 

Compensation Program Objectives and Rewards 

Our compensation philosophy
is based on the premise of attracting, retaining, and motivating exceptional leaders, setting high goals, working toward the common objectives
of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders, and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy, in determining
executive compensation, we consider all relevant factors, such as the competition for talent, our desire to link pay with performance
in the future, the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders, individual contributions, teamwork and performance,
and each executive s total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives with total
compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation. 

On November 4, 2021 the Board
formed and appointed Richard Berliner, Virginia Rose O Meara, and Mark Fruehan as members of the Compensation Committee, with Mr.
Fruehan serving as the Chairperson. The compensation committee applies the philosophy and policies described below. 

The primary purpose of the
compensation and benefits described below is to attract, retain, and motivate highly talented individuals when we do hire, who will engage
in the behaviors necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace. Different
elements are designed to engender different behaviors, and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each Named Executive Officer
are subject to the annual review of the Board of Directors. The following is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive
compensation structure. 

Base salary and benefits are designed to attract and retain employees over time. 

Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a particular
year. 

Equity incentive awards, such as stock options and non-vested stock, focus executives efforts on
the behaviors within the recipients control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected in increases
to our stock prices over a period of several years, growth in our profitability and other elements. 

Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate the Company s ability to attract
and retain executives as we compete for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered. We currently
have not given separation benefits to any of our Name Executive Officers. 

Benchmarking 

We have not yet adopted benchmarking
but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions, our Board of Directors may compare each element of compensation paid
to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation metrics from a group that includes both publicly-traded
and privately-held companies. Our Board believes that while such peer group benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement, they
are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation as each executive officer s compensation relative to
the benchmark varies based on scope of responsibility and time in the position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for
this purpose. 

The Elements of AiAdvertising s Compensation
Program 

Base Salary 

Executive officer base salaries
are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. The Board reviews the base salaries of our executive officers, including
our Named Executive Officers, considering factors such as corporate progress toward achieving objectives (without reference to any specific
performance-related targets) and individual performance experience and expertise. None of our Named Executive Officers have employment
agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by the Board of Directors in determining appropriate base salary levels and raises include
subjective factors related to corporate and individual performance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, all executive officer base salary
decisions were approved by the Board of Directors. 

Our Board of Directors determines
base salaries for the Named Executive Officers at the beginning of each fiscal year, or during the year if needed, and the Board proposes
new base salary amounts, if appropriate, based on its evaluation of individual performance and expected future contributions. 

32 

Equity Incentive Awards 

Our 2003 Stock Option Plan
for directors, officers, employees and key consultants (the 2003 Plan which authorized the issuance of up to 5,000,000
shares of our common stock pursuant to the 2003 Plan terminated upon the expiration of the remaining options granted under the 2003 Plan
on May 24, 2014. In December 2020 the Company adopted the AiAdvertising, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. The Board considers several
factors in determining whether awards are granted to an executive officer, including those previously described, as well as the executive s
position, his or her performance and responsibilities, and the amount of options, if any, currently held by the officer and their vesting
schedule. Our policy prohibits backdating options or granting them retroactively. As of December 31, 2022, 879,733,332 stock options granted
are outstanding. 

Benefits and Prerequisites 

At this stage of our business
we have limited benefits and no prerequisites for our employees other than paid time off that are generally comparable to those offered
by other small private and public companies or as may be required by applicable state employment laws. We may adopt retirement plans and
confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in the future if our business grows sufficiently to enable us to afford them. 

Separation and Change in Control Arrangements 

We do not have any employment
agreements with our Named Executive Officers. No employee is eligible for specific benefits or payments if their employment or engagement
terminates in a separation or if there is a change of control. 

Executive Officer Compensation 

The following summary compensation
table sets forth certain information concerning compensation paid to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its most highly paid
executive officers whose total annual salary and bonus for services rendered in all capacities for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 was 100,000 or more. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Option Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

Gerard Hug 
Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2022 
 375,000 
 33,000,000 (4) 
 120,000 (3) 
 495,000 

Gerard Hug Director of Operations 
 2021 
 300,000 
 125,000,000 (4) 
 270,000 (3) 
 570,000 

Andrew Van Noy, Former 
Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 2022 
 225,000 
 34,000,000 (2) 
 -0- 
 350,000 

2021 
 225,000 
 50,000,000 (2) 
 125,000 (1) 
 350,000 

Isabel Gongora 
Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 140,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 140,000 

2021 
 140,000 
 12,000,000 (5) 
 -0- 
 140,000 

Kevin Myers 
Chief Marketing Officer 
 2022 
 250,000 
 33,000,000 (6) 
 -0- 
 250,000 

2021 
 250,000 
 100,000,000 (6) 
 -0- 
 250,000 

(1) In consideration of Andrew Van Noy s service and performance
to the Corporation as the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hug was awarded a bonus. 

33 

(2) In consideration of Andrew Van Noy s service and performance
to the Corporation as the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hug was awarded option awards. 

(3) In consideration of Gerard Hug service and performance
to the Corporation as the Chief Executive Officer during year ended December 31, 2022 and Director of Operations during year ended December
31, 2021, Mr. Hug was awarded a bonus. 

(4) In consideration of Gerard Hug service and performance
to the Corporation as the Chief Executive Officer during year ended December 31, 2022 and Director of Operations during year ended December
31, 2021, Mr. Hug was awarded option awards. 

(5) In consideration of Isabel Gongora s service and performance
to the Corporation as the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hug was awarded option awards. 

(6) In consideration of Kevin Myer s service and performance
to the Corporation as the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hug was awarded option awards. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth
information with respect to unexercised stock options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards held by the Company s
executive officers at December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 

Gerard Hug (1) 
Chief Executive Officer and President 
 125,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.00 
 January 17, 2025 

125,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.01 
 January 5, 2026 

33,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.02 
 February 1, 2025 

Kevin Myers (2) 
Chief Marketing Officer 
 10,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.00 
 January 17, 2025 

17,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.00 
 June 2, 2025 

100,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.01 
 January 5, 2026 

33,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.02 
 February 1, 2025 

Isabel Gongora (3) 
Chief Financial Officer 
 10,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.00 
 January 17, 2025 

2,000,000 
 -0- 
 0.01 
 January 5, 2026 

(1) On January 17, 2020, Mr. Hug received options to purchase 125,000,000
shares of common stock, at an exercise price of 0.0019 per share exercisable for a period of seven years from the date of grant. These
stock options vest at a rate of 1/36 per month commencing on the date of grant until all of the options are vested. On January 5, 2021,
Mr. Hug received options to purchase 125,000,000 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of 0.0068 per share, exercisable for a
period of five years from the date of grant. These stock options vest at a rate of 1/36 per month commencing on the date of grant until
all of the options are vested. Mr. Hug received stock options to purchase 33,000,000 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of
 0.0295 per share, exercisable for a period of five years from the date of grant. These stock options vest at a rate of 1/36 per month
commencing on the date of grant until all of the options are vested. 

34 

(2) On January 17, 2020, Mr. Myers received options to purchase 10,000,000 shares of common stock, at an exercise
price of 0.0019 per share exercisable for a period of five years from the date of grant. These stock options vest at a rate of 1/36 per
month commencing on the date of grant until all of the options are vested. On June 2, 2020, Mr. Myers received options to purchase 17,000,000
shares of common stock, at an exercise price of 0.0018 per share exercisable for a period of five years from the date of grant. These
stock options vest at a rate of 1/36 per month commencing on the date of grant until all of the options are vested. On January 5, 2021,
Mr. Myers received stock options to purchase 100,000,000 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of 0.0068 per share exercisable
for a period of five years from the date of grant. Mr. Myers received stock options to purchase 33,000,000 shares of common stock, at
an exercise price of 0.0295 per share, exercisable for a period of five years from the date of grant. These stock options vest at a rate
of 1/36 per month commencing on the date of grant until all of the options are vested. 

(3) On January 17, 2020, Ms. Gongora received options to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock, at an
exercise price of 0.0019 per share exercisable for a period of five years from the date of grant. These stock options vest at a rate
of 1/36 per month commencing on the date of grant until all of the options are vested. On January 5, 2021, Ms. Gongora received options
to purchase 10,000,000 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of 0.0068 per share exercisable for a period of five years from the
date of grant. These stock options vest at a rate of 1/36 per month commencing on the date of grant until all of the options are vested. 

Director Compensation 

The Company s directors receive compensation
for their services rendered to the Company as directors. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, this compensation totaled
 30,000 and 30,000, respectively, to each director. Compensation to officers excluding compensation for serving on the board as set forth
in table below is included in the summary compensation table above. 

The following table sets
forth compensation we paid to our directors during the year ended December 31, 2022 (excluding compensation under the Summary Compensation
table above). 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Kevin Myers 
 30,000 

30,000 
 
 Richard Berliner 
 30,000 

30,000 
 
 Virginia Rose O Meara 
 30,000 

30,000 
 
 Mark Fruehan 
 30,000 

30,000 

Employment Agreements 

The Company has not entered
into any employment agreements with its executive officers to date. The Company may enter into employment agreements with its executive
officers in the future. 

35 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
the names of our executive officers and directors and all persons known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of the issued and outstanding
common stock of AiAdvertising at March 31, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage of ownership of that person,
shares of common stock subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable or become exercisable within 60 days of March
31, 2023 are deemed outstanding even if they have not actually been exercised. Those shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the
purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The percentage ownership of each beneficial owner is based on 1,175,324,666
outstanding shares of common stock. Except as otherwise listed below, the address of each person is c/o AiAdvertising, Inc., 1114 S St.
Mary s Ste.120, San Antonio, TX 78210. Except as indicated, each person listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares set forth opposite such person s name. 

Name, Title and Address 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage Ownership 

Gerard Hug Chairman, Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 235,096,804 
 16.7 

Isabel Gongora 
Chief Financial Officer (3) 
 9,402,740 
 0.8 

Kevin Myers 
Director (4) 
 111,536,986 
 8.7 

Richard Berliner Director (8) 
 2,787,671 
 0.2 

Virginia Rose, O Meara Director (9) 
 2,787,671 
 0.2 

Mark Fruehan Director (10) 
 2,787,671 
 0.2 

All current Executive Officers and as a Group (6 persons) 
 364,399,543 
 26.8 

Andrew VanNoy (5) 
 180,374,514 
 13.3 

Zachary Bartlett (6) 
 67,533,303 
 5.4 

Greg Boden (7) 
 115,000,000 
 8.9 

(1) Except as pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. 

(2) Includes 235,096,804 shares which may be purchased by Mr. Hug pursuant to stock options that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(3) Includes 9,402,740 shares which may be purchased by Ms. Gongora pursuant to stock options that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(4) Includes 111,536,986 shares which may be purchased by Mr. Myers
pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(5) Includes 180,374,514 shares which may be purchased by Mr. Van Noy pursuant to stock options that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(6) Includes 35,000,000 shares which may be purchased by Mr. Bartlett pursuant to stock options that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(7) Includes 115,000,000 shares which may be purchased by Mr. Boden pursuant to stock options that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. Does not include Series C Preferred stock held by Bountiful Capital LLC, of which Mr. Boden serves as
President. Such securities are subject to a 4.99 ownership blockers. 

(8) Includes 2,787,671 shares which may be purchased by Mr. Berliner
pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(9) Includes 2,787,671 shares which may be purchased by Mrs. O Meara
pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(10) Includes 2,787,671 shares which may be purchased by Mr. Fruehan
pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

36 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

None. 

Director Independence 

Our independent directors,
as defined under Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. consist of Richard Berliner, Virginia Rose O Meara, and Mark Fruehan, 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

M K CPAs, PLLC M K has served as the Company s independent registered accountants since August 2018. M K also is a provider of tax services to
the Company. 

Audit Fees 

An aggregate of 98,125 was
billed to us by our auditors for professional services, including audit of the annual financial statement of the Company for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, and review of the interim financial statements included in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods
ended September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022, and March 31, 2022. 

An aggregate of 95,000 was
billed to us by our auditors for professional services, including audit of the annual financial statement of the Company for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021, and review of the interim financial statements included in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods
ended September 30, 2021, June 30, 2021, and March 31, 2021. 

Audit Related Fees 

None. 

Tax Fees 

Our auditors billed the Company
 3,500 for tax preparation services during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our auditors billed the Company
 3,000 for tax preparation services during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees 

None. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

1. Financial Statements 

The AiAdvertising, Inc. financial statements are included in Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

2. Financial Schedules 

None 

37 

3. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from the exhibits included with the Company s Report on Form 10-KSB filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated April 10, 2002). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated September 30, 2015). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of AiAdvertising, Inc. and Hexagon Patrners, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 11, 2023) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated October 6, 2015). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated December 18, 2015). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated June 28, 2016). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated August 2, 2017). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated August 2, 2017). 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series E Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed November 17, 2017) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series F Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed January 3 ,2020) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series G Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed February 12, 2020) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed on August 6, 2021) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series H Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed October 1, 2021) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to S-1 filed August 31, 2022) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series I Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 11, 2023) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to 10-K filed April 14, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated February 17, 2015). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed February 22, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed February 22, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Amendment Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 8, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 2020 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to S-8 filed February 18, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 AiAdvertising 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to 14C filed December 29, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Engagement Letter (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed February 22, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement, between the Company and GHS Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed on August 1, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 10, 2023 by and between AiAdvertising and Gerard Hug (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2023 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 10, 2023 between AiAdvertising, Inc. and Hexagon Patrners, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 11, 2023) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement dated April 11, 2023 between AiAdvertising, Inc. and Hexagon Partners, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 11, 2023) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed on April 14, 2022) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of M K CPAs, PLLC 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial/Accounting Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Principal Financial/Accounting Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AIADVERTISING, INC. 

Date: May 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gerard Hug 

Gerard Hug 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
 /s/ John C. Small 

John C. Small 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Gerald Hug, 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman 
 
 May 16, 2023 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/ John C. Small 
 
 Chief Financial Officer

May 16, 2023 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/ Kevin Myers, 
 
 Director 
 
 May 16, 2023 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/ Mark Fruehan 
 
 Director 
 
 May 16, 2023 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/ Richard Berliner, 
 
 Director 
 
 May 16, 2023 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/
 Virginia Rosie O Meara 
 
 Director 
 
 May 16, 2023 

39 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_aiadvertising.htm
 CONSENT OF M&K CPAS, PLLC

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the: 

(1) Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-252358) of AiAdvertising,
Inc.; and 

(2) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-253254) pertaining
to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan of AiAdvertising, Inc.; of our report dated May 15, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements of AiAdvertising, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 and the reference to our firm under the caption Experts in the Registration Statements. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

www.mkacpas.com 

Houston, Texas 

May 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_aiadvertising.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Gerard Hug, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AiAdvertising, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Gerard Hug 

Gerard Hug, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_aiadvertising.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John C. Small, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AiAdvertising, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ John C. Smal l 

John C. Small, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_aiadvertising.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of AiAdvertising, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 (the Report I, Gerard Hug, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Gerard Hug 

Gerard Hug, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_aiadvertising.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of AiAdvertising, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 (the Report I, John C. Small, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ John C. Small 

John C. Small, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aiad-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aiad-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aiad-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aiad-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aiad-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

