<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230616_10-K_edgar_data_1510832_0001493152-23-021562.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4325275</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>168798</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>876557</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1086705</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1010236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1103812</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-021562.hdr.sgml : 20230616
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230616115457
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-021562
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230616
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230616

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Biopower Operations Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001510832
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				274460232
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-172139
		FILM NUMBER:		231019882

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5379 LYONS RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			COCONUT CREEK
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-509-9830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5379 LYONS RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			COCONUT CREEK
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33073

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-021562.txt : 20230616

10-K
 1
 from10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Years Ended , and 2021 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________________ to __________________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Issuer s
telephone number, including area code: +1 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of May 28, 2021, the last day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of
the shares of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing stock price of 0.20 per share on June
16, 2023 was approximately . Shares of the Registrant s common stock held by executive officers, directors or 10 stockholders
have been excluded, as such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the Registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily
a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As
of June 16, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: None. 

BioPower
Operations Corporation 

Form
10-K 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 26 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 26 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 27 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 27 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 27 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 31 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 32 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 34 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 34 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 35 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 36 

Signatures 
 37 

Financial Statements 
 F-1 

2 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

NONE 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Statements
made in this Comprehensive Annual Report that are not historical or current facts are forward-looking statements . In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , intends ,
 expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts ,
 potential , or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. We intend that such
forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management s
best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important
factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and
events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

BioPower
Operations Corporation we, our, BioPower , or the Company was incorporated in
Nevada on January 5, 2011. On January 6, 2011, the shareholders of BioPower Corporation BC ), which was incorporated in
the State of Florida on September 13, 2010 and re-domiciled to Nevada on January 5, 2011, contributed their shares of BC to our Company
and BC became a wholly owned subsidiary of our Company. BC is no longer active at this time and does not have any assets or operations.
On June 11, 2021, the Company formed HYFI CORP, a Florida corporation, as its wholly owned subsidiary. From 2017 until February 17, 2022,
the Company was a shell company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). On February 17, 2022, we commenced operations and, accordingly, we ceased to be a shell company at
that time. 

Businesses
Overview 

We
have reviewed the market opportunities available to us and have determined that we will make use of our business assets by being a U.S.-based
green finance and renewable energy company. Our target markets need to access traditional capital markets to provide funding options
 we support this through our structured finance and ESG project consultancy divisions supporting green, environmental and infrastructure
related initiatives. Our relationship with WPP Energy and its multinational distributor network provides a tremendous deal funnel for
projects seeking capital. Adding structured finance creates a very scalable, fast moving new business unit capable of handling dollar
volumes of many billions. The digital securities platform has been repositioned to host projects that are not suited for our structured
finance offering. 

HyFi
had developed an innovative hybrid Centralized and Decentralized Finance CeDeFi blockchain technology called HyFi .
Subsequently this platform was not fully launched. We created HyFi Tokens to be acceptable as utility tokens, and different
from common cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. These projects have been placed on hold given the current climate of uncertainty in respect
of the regulations of utility tokens specifically, and crypto assets in general. We are reviewing all options for the HyFi Tokens and
the HyFi platform website, first launched on November 8, 2021 and available for review but not trading at the following site: http://hyfi.exchange/. 

4 

Our
new structured finance division has three funding models: 

1. 
 Structured
 Finance/Bond Market: Capital supplied by the U.S. bond market, with deal sizes typically in the range of 100 million to over 1
 billion. 

2. 
 Structured
Finance/Promissory Notes: Capital supplied by insurance and pension funds via a promissory note model, with deal sizes ranging from 10
million to 100 million or more. 

3. 
 Securities
offerings through third party Broker Dealers: Capital supplied by accredited investors via a Regulation D, Rule 506(c) offering, with
deal sizes ranging from 1 million to 100 million. 

We
have formed relationships with institutions and traditional wholesale capital providers established in the U.S. bond and promissory note
markets. As a result, our clients can reap the benefits, as this new business unit can accept projects with capital funding requests
from 10 million to several billions of dollars in value. 

Note
that BOPO/HyFi is not a registered Broker Dealer but will rely upon third-party services provided by Signet Capital, LLC, is a boutique
investment banking and structured finance services firm with extensive structuring and distribution capabilities for debt and equities
securities. 

Our
ESG project consultancy division reviews projects, makes recommendations on funding partners for projects, addresses any missing elements
which would disqualify a project from being financed, such as absent or unsatisfactory offtake agreements, and helps source and negotiate
the missing elements for clients. 

Our
management team s experience in the energy and environment sectors is the foundation behind this offering. On a consultancy basis,
we can source and negotiate the contracts necessary for a project funding to be successful, such as: 

Off-take
 agreements with BBB or higher rated entities, with a supporting proforma which demonstrates the ability to cover principal and interest
 repayment obligations; and 

Government
 or B credit rating or above for co-signing of financing contracts. 

Coinciding
with the launch of our structured finance and ESG project consultancy divisions, we are also pleased to announce that 12 clients are
already under contract for services on over 10 billion in project capital and consultancy sought, for green, environmental and infrastructure
related projects. The deals are at various stages of maturity, with almost 1 billion in transactions already submitted for underwriting
approval this month. 

We
have developed a large pipeline of business from Southeast Asia, as well as engagements in Central America, Canada, the U.S., EU and
select African nations, and we have a strong focus on India. We have established relationships in India through our partnership network
and believe India is poised for substantial growth in its green economy. 

5 

We
are excited to expand and reshape our business model. We believe adding structured finance and consultancy is the best way to truly make
an impact and support large projects. To transition to a green planet and green economy, it is necessary to deploy as much capital as
possible into the projects that are the best positioned to do the greatest good for the planet, and those who live on it. It became apparent
to us that we have too many quality clients, most needing large sums of capital, and we could not rely solely on our securities platform
to reasonably handle this much volume at launch. 

Market
Review 

Many
national and international agencies warn that to mitigate climate change, and meet the basic requirements of the Paris Accords 
keeping the rise in mean global temperature to well below 2 C, and preferably limit the increase to 1.5 C above pre-industrial
levels it will be necessary for the world to see investment of 5 trillion per annum over the next 30 years to meet the required
investment to control global warning and achieve sustainable economic growth. That equates to five percent of 2022 of global economic
output, above that which can be financed from current spending. Major economies must raise equity, loan and bond investment to mee this
challenge. 

The
Paris Agreement states that planned emissions should be reduced as soon as possible and reach net-zero by the middle of the 21st century.
To stay below 1.5 C of global warming, emissions need to be cut by roughly 50 by 2030, as an aggregate of each country s
nationally determined contributions. BioPower/HyFi has identified a wide range of technologies which, collectively, can power a green
industrial revolution to address climate change, in: solar power, wind power, hydro power, green hydrogen fuel, effective use of mineral
resources, waste-to-energy and many more accessible technologies. 

There
is no shortage of credible projects; there is inadequate financial support for these projects. For example, Green, or Sustainable bonds,
have seen substantial growth with more than 500 billion issued in in 2022. S P forecasts 1.5 trillion in green bond issuance in
2022. We believe it will be necessary to issue an average of 5 trillion in Green Bonds per annum over the next 30 years to meet the
required investment to control global warning and achieve sustainable economic growth, a ten-fold increase in bond issuance. 

The
E.U. and U.S. is leading the development of the green bond markets. A significant driver of green bond issuances in 2022 will come from
the EU, after it started its five-year, 240 billion green bond program in October 2021 as part of its 800 billion Next Generation
EU recovery fund. The 12 billion green bond debut under this program was more than 11 times oversubscribed, making it the largest
green bond ever issued and the largest single order book to date. We think EU issuers will maintain their leadership share in the green
bond market, reflecting the region s unique regulatory and political position. 

Green
bonds were first issued in the late 2000s by supranational organizations such as the European Investment Bank and the World Bank. Supra-nationals
(and governments) still issue green bonds, but corporations now account for about two-thirds of global issuance. Private-sector issuers
of green bonds tend to be large, mature firms or firms with strong access to debt capital markets. This is especially true of firms issuing
green bonds in a foreign currency to tap international green capital markets. Issuers also tend to be from relatively less carbon-intensive
industries and greener than their industry peers. 

6 

About
half of green corporate issuance is concentrated in financial firms. The majority of this financial firm issuance is from banks, which
use green bond proceeds to extend loans to firms that need financing for green projects. Alternatively, banks may first extend green
loans, and then securitize the loans into a green bond. The remaining portion of financial firm issuance is mostly from real estate financing
vehicles such as real estate investment trusts (REITs), which typically finance the development of green buildings. The electric utility
sector accounts for an additional quarter of green corporate bond issuance. The remaining quarter of green corporate bond issuance is
distributed among a variety of sectors with growing issuance, such as alternate energy, automobiles, and heavy industry. Notably, issuance
from fossil fuel companies is negligible. 

During
the recent period of remarkable growth in green bond issuance, policymakers, market participants, and financial journalists have acknowledged
the potential for green bonds to fund green investments. However, while certain individual green bonds may have a discernible positive
impact, the broader green bond market has several shortcomings. Key issues include greenwashing, the lack of a universal governance and
certification framework, and the significant compliance costs associated with certification, issuance and reporting. Critics further
question if the green bond market actually influences firms investments. In either case, this financial engineering can lead to
the banking sector overstating its green investments relative to actual capital expenditure. 

Green
Bond Issuance 

Source : The Green Corporate Bond
Issuance Premium , Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System International Finance Discussion Papers. June 2022. 

7 

Green
Investors 

Source :
Panel (a) is the assets under management (AUM) of green bond funds by fund domicile region. Panel (b) is the share of green bond fund
AUM relative to each domicile region s total fixed income fund AUM. The data extends from 2014-Q1 through 2021-Q4 at a quarterly
frequency. Source: Morningstar, Inc. (2021). 

BioPower/HyFi
has positioned itself to facilitate the identification, development and financing of potentially hundreds of projects which will drive
the green industrial revolution. This market is currently fragmented and an under-developed market. There are few if any firms which
offer the unique combination of skills we bring to this opportunity. Global banks active in the infrastructure market, and the leading
investment banks, are starting to build project teams to connect with local opportunities. Sovereign wealth funds are showing some interest.
Global agencies like the World Bank, and regional development banks, have been slow to make capital available. BioPower/HyFi is working
with financial sponsors and others to promote the most credible projects, connecting those projects which can be funded with those investors
with the appetite to fund them. 

Our
role combines project assessment, consultancy to connect projects with OEMs and EPCs, financial analysis and final investment confirmation.
BioPower/HyFi is not currently registered as a Broker Dealer in the US or other jurisdictions, and as such we will work with agents which
are registered until such time that we can obtain the necessary licenses and registrations. 

STOCK 

On
July 28, 2021, the Company amended and restated its articles of incorporation, as amended, in order to (i) increase the number of authorized
shares of common stock from 100,000,000 to 500,000,000, (ii) increase the number of authorized shares of preferred stock from 10,000
to 5,000,000, (iii) change the par value of the preferred stock from 1.00 par value per share to 0.0001 par value per share; and (iv)
increase the number of directors from one to four. Currently, the Company has authorized 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001
par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

8 

On
October 7, 2021, we filed a certificate of amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation in order to change our corporate
name from BioPower Operations Corporation to HyFi Corp (the Name Change to more closely align the Company name with our
products and services. Although the Name Change has been effected in the State of Nevada, the Name Change and our request for a new stock
symbol will only become effective following clearance by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which is currently still
pending. 

For
the year ended November 30, 2021 the Company generated revenues of 175,000, which revenue was generated by the sale of 4,125,000 HyFi
Tokens to two customers, and reported a net loss of 441,324 and negative cash flow from operating activities of 441,324. For the six
months ended May 31, 2022, the Company generated revenues of 246,700, reported a net loss of 13,138, and had negative cash flow from
operating activities of 11,958. As noted in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, as of May 31, 2022, the Company had
an accumulated deficit of 9,568,948. There is substantial doubt regarding the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
as a result of its historical recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations as well as its dependence on private equity and
financings. See Risk Factors The Company has a history of operating losses, and its management has concluded that factors
raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern and the auditor of the Company has included explanatory paragraphs
relating to its ability to continue as a going concern in its audit report for the years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020. 

In
addition to the Equity Line with Peak One, we must raise cash from sources other than revenues generated, such as from the proceeds of
loans, public or private equity sales, and/or advances from related parties in order to continue to implement our operations for the
next 12 months. 

HyFi
Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
June 29, 2021, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA with Rafael Ben Shaya, Troy MacDonald, Adam Benchaya,
Thomas Perez, Tom Saban and Edouard Pouchoy (collectively, Messrs. Ben Shaya, MacDonald, Benchaya, Perez, Saban and Pouchoy are referred
to herein as the Sellers ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the APA, the Company agreed to acquire from the Sellers, and the Sellers agreed to sell to the Company, certain assets
comprised of the goodwill, intellectual property, business proprietary know-how and trade secrets, intangible property and other assets
of Sellers business with respect to HyFi, and any and all rights of Sellers in and to the foregoing (the Assets ),
and certain governance/utility virtual tokens (each, a HyFi Token and collectively, the HyFi Tokens were
previously expected to be used as a means of payment on the HyFi Platform, as hereinafter defined (the Acquisition ). 

9 

In
addition, the Sellers agreed to (i) pay to the Company, on the closing date of the Acquisition, 300,000 (the Cash Consideration ),
and (ii) transfer to the Company, on the closing date of the Acquisition, 400,000,000 HyFi Tokens (the HyFi Token Consideration ).
The Company used the Cash Consideration to bring the Company into a fully reporting status with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
and for public company operating expenses. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the APA, the Company agreed to file and filed with the State of Nevada the certificate of designation for the Series
C preferred stock on or before the date that is 60 calendar days after the closing of the Acquisition. In exchange for the sale of the
Assets, the HyFi Token Consideration and the Cash Consideration, the Company agreed to issue and issued to the Sellers an aggregate of
900,000 Series C preferred shares within 30 calendar days after the State of Nevada provided written confirmation of filing of the certificate
of designation for the Series C preferred stock. The certificate of designation for the Series C preferred stock was filed with the State
of Nevada, and was effective as of August 27, 2021. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the APA, the parties agreed that the Series C preferred stock has the following terms, among others: 

1.
Authorized Shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The number of authorized shares of Series C preferred stock is 900,000. 

2.
Conversion. Subject to the other terms and conditions in the certificate of designation, a Series C preferred stockholder will have the
right from time to time and at any time following the date that is one year after the date on the signature page of the certificate of
designations to convert each outstanding share of Series C preferred stock into 450 shares of Company common stock. Based on the number
of shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of October 7, 2022, if all of the 900,000 shares of Series C preferred stock are
issued and subsequently converted, the holders of the converted stock will hold 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock. 

3.
Voting. Except as otherwise set forth in the certificate of designation, each share of Series C preferred stock will, on any matter submitted
to the holders of Company common stock, or any class thereof, for a vote, vote together with the common stock, or any class thereof,
as applicable, as one class on such matter, and each share of Series C preferred stock will have 450 votes. 

4.
Dividends. The Series C preferred stock is not entitled to receive dividends or distributions. 

The
Acquisition closed on June 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ). On the Closing Date, the Sellers delivered the Cash Consideration
and the HyFi Token Consideration. 

10 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company filed with the State of Nevada a certificate of designations for the Series C preferred stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock Redemption Agreement Senior Promissory Note 

Also
on the Closing Date, the Company and China Energy Partners, LLC CEP entered into a share redemption agreement (the Redemption
Agreement ), dated as of June 29, 2021, pursuant to which the Company redeemed one share of the Company s Series A preferred
stock from CEP (the Series A Share ). On the Closing Date, as provided in the Redemption Agreement, the Company issued to
CEP a senior promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000. The Series A Share will be held in escrow
by an attorney designated by CEP (the Escrow Agent ), which was designated by CEP within 30 calendar days after the Closing
Date. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs under the Note, then the Company will direct the Escrow Agent to release
the Series A Share to CEP; provided, however, that CEP will also retain all rights and privileges under the Note (and the Company will
remain bound to all obligations under Note) even if the Series A Share is required to be released by the Escrow Agent to CEP as provided
in the Redemption Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, CEP will regain all rights, title, and interest in and to the Series A Share
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note, regardless of the amount of the outstanding balance owed under the Note at
the time of the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note. 

As
provided in the APA, on June 29, 2021, Robert Kohn resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kohn remained as a member
of the Board of Directors, however. 

Also
on June 29, 2021, the Company appointed the following individuals to serve as members of the Board of Directors: Troy MacDonald (Chairman),
Adam Benchaya, and Thomas Perez. 

The
Company s Board of Directors now consists of the following people: 

Troy
MacDonald (Chairman) 

Adam
Benchaya 

Robert
Kohn 

Thomas
Perez 

Paul
C. Walton 

On
November 28, 2022, the following individual was appointed to serve as an officer of the Company: 

Paul
C. Walton, Chief Operating Officer 

11 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
Company will be faced with a market environment that cannot be predicted and that involves significant risks, many of which will be beyond
its control. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the material
risks described below. 

Risks
Related to the Company s Business and Industry 

We
have a limited operating history in an evolving and highly volatile industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects
and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

We
began our energy operations in 2011 and since then our business model continued to evolve until in early 2017, we shifted away from waste
to energy and became a shell corporation. During the quarter ending February 28, 2022, we commenced operations and accordingly, we ceased
to be a shell company. We intend to focus on developing funding options for renewable energy and ESG projects. 

As
we depend upon third-party relationships with Banks, Broker Dealers and other financial intermediaries, our ability to complete financial
transactions will depend upon the performance of firms which are outside of our control. Bond financing can be completed only after rigorous
financial analysis, guarantees provided by private and public enterprises (including governments), their credit rating, the attitude
of the leading credit rating agencies, the state of financial markets, interest rates, and the appetite of financial institutions to
invest factors which are be beyond our control. 

Because
we have a limited history operating our proposed business, it is difficult to evaluate our proposed business and future prospects, including
our ability to plan for and model future growth. 

If
we do not effectively manage our growth and the associated demands on our operational, risk management, sales and marketing, technology,
compliance, and finance and accounting resources, our business may be adversely impacted. 

As
we grow, our business will become increasingly complex. To effectively manage and capitalize on our growth, we must continue to expand
our information technology and financial, operating, and administrative systems and controls, and continue to manage headcount, capital,
and processes efficiently. Our continued growth could strain our existing resources, and we could experience ongoing operating difficulties
in managing our business as it expands, including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing a growing employee base. Failure to
scale and preserve our company culture with growth could harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel
and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. If we do not adapt to meet these evolving challenges, or if our management
team does not effectively scale with our growth, we may experience erosion to our brand, the quality of our products and services may
suffer. Moreover, the failure of our systems and processes could undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely, and reliable reports
on our financial and operating results, including the financial statements provided herein, and could impact the effectiveness of our
internal controls over financial reporting. In addition, our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or
fraud. Any of the foregoing operational failures could lead to noncompliance with laws, loss of operating licenses or other authorizations,
or loss of bank relationships that could substantially impair or even suspend company operations. 

12 

Successful
implementation of our growth strategy may also require significant expenditures before any substantial associated revenue is generated
and we cannot guarantee that these increased investments will result in corresponding and offsetting revenue growth. 

Our
growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to attract new customers, expand product offerings, and increase processed volumes
and revenue from new customers. 

The
future growth of our business depends on our ability to attract new customers and get new customers to increase the volumes processed
through our payments platform and therefore grow revenue. 

Any
failure by us to attract new customers, and increase revenue from new customers could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. These efforts may require substantial financial expenditures, commitments of resources,
developments of our processes, and other investments and innovations. 

We
face intense and increasing competition and, if we do not compete effectively, our competitive positioning and our operating results
will be harmed. 

We
operate in a rapidly changing and highly competitive industry, and our results of operations and future prospects depend on, among others: 

the
growth of our customer base, 

our
ability to monetize our customer base, 

our
ability to acquire customers at a lower cost, and 

our
ability to increase the overall value to us of each of our customers while they use our products and services. 

In
addition to established enterprises, we may also face competition from early-stage companies attempting to capitalize on the same, or
similar, opportunities as we are. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater
financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and a larger customer base than we do. This allows them, among others, to potentially
offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range of financial products, or a more specialized set of specific
products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer preferences. 

Our
current and future business prospects demand that we act to meet these competitive challenges but, in doing so, our revenue and results
of operations could be adversely affected if we, for example, increase marketing expenditures or make other expenditures. All of the
foregoing factors and events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. 

13 

Cyberattacks
and security breaches of our systems, or those impacting our customers or third parties, could adversely impact our brand and reputation
and our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
business involves the collection, storage, processing and transmission of confidential information, customer, employee, service provider
and other personal data, as well as information required to access customer assets. 

Further,
any actual or perceived breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other financial institutions, whether or not we are directly impacted,
could lead to a general loss of customer confidence. 

Certain
types of cyberattacks could harm us even if our systems are left undisturbed. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees
and service providers into releasing control of our systems to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware
into our systems with a view to stealing confidential or proprietary data. Additionally, certain threats are designed to remain dormant
or undetectable until launched against a target and we may not be able to implement adequate preventative measures. 

Although
we will develop systems and processes designed to protect the data we manage, prevent data loss and other security breaches, effectively
respond to known and potential risks, and expect to continue to expend significant resources to bolster these protections, there can
be no assurance that these security measures will provide absolute security or prevent breaches or attacks. 

We
have no present existing relationships with card acquiring sponsors to process card payment transactions globally. If the payment card
networks require our acquiring partner to operate solely within its area of use, we would lose our ability to offer card transaction
processing services in the U.S.. Such a decision would have a negative impact on the utility of our services to our U.S.-based enterprise
customers. In light of the foregoing, we are in the process of onboarding with a merchant acquirer in the U.S., which should minimize
any area of use risk, but that relationship has not yet been finalized and the associated technology build out is not yet complete. 

Moreover,
certain activity that may be legal in one jurisdiction may be illegal in another jurisdiction, and certain activities that are at one
time legal may in the future be deemed illegal in the same jurisdiction. As a result, there is significant uncertainty and cost associated
with detecting and monitoring transactions for compliance with local laws. In the event that a customer is found responsible for intentionally
or inadvertently violating the laws in any jurisdiction, we may be subject to governmental inquiries, enforcement actions, prosecuted,
or otherwise held secondarily liable for aiding or facilitating such activities. Changes in law have also increased the penalties for
money transmitters, e-money issuers, broker-dealers and alternative trading systems for certain illegal activities, and government authorities
may consider increased or additional penalties from time to time. Owners of intellectual property rights or government authorities may
seek to bring legal action against us for involvement in the sale of infringing or allegedly infringing items. Any threatened or resulting
claims could result in reputational harm, and any resulting liabilities, loss of transaction volume, or increased costs could harm our
business. 

14 

While
we believe that our risk management and compliance framework will be designed to detect significant illicit activities conducted by our
potential or existing customers, we cannot ensure that we will be able to detect all illegal activity on our systems. If any of our customers
use our products and services to further such illegal activities, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our
future growth depends significantly on our marketing efforts, and if our marketing efforts are not successful, our business and results
of operations will be harmed. 

As
a remote-first company, we are subject to heightened operational and cybersecurity risks. 

We
are a remote-first company, meaning that for all existing roles our employees work from their homes or other non-company dwellings. This
subjects us to heightened operational risks. For example, technologies in our employees and service providers homes and
shared office spaces may not be as robust and could cause the networks, information systems, applications, and other tools available
to employees and service providers to be more limited or less reliable. Further, the security systems in place at our employees 
and service providers homes and shared office spaces may be less secure than those used in corporate offices, and while we have
implemented technical and administrative safeguards to help protect our systems as our employees and service providers work from home,
we may be subject to increased cybersecurity risk which could expose us to risks of data or financial loss, and could disrupt our business
operations. There is no guarantee that the data security and privacy safeguards we will put in place will be completely effective or
that we will not encounter risks associated with employees and service providers accessing company data and systems remotely. We also
face challenges due to the need to operate with a remote workforce and are addressing so to minimize the impact on our ability to operate. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 

We
have no financial history, and there is no assurance that we will maintain profitability or that our revenue and business models will
be successful. 

We
have no operations and there is no assurance that we will not incur net losses in the future. We may not be able to generate sufficient
revenue to maintain profitability in the short or long-term. Our revenue growth may slow, or our revenue may decline for a number of
other reasons. 

We
will need to hire, train, and integrate qualified personnel to meet and further such changes to our business objectives at potentially
significant additional expense. Failure to successfully implement revenue and business models or manage related expenses could cause
us to be unprofitable and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

15 

We
may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 

We
could experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our
control. You should not rely on period-to-period comparisons of our operating results as an indication of our future performance. Factors
that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly operating results include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the
 level of our expenses; 

the
 degree to which we encounter competition in our markets; 

general
 economic conditions; 

the
 amount of capital available for investing in the market; 

legal
 or regulatory developments; 

legislative
 or policy changes; and, 

changes
 in the prospects of the economy generally, which could alter current or perspective customers priorities, or could increase
 the time it takes us to launch new offerings. 

Our
operating results may fall below the expectations of market analysts and investors in some future periods, which could cause the market
price of our common stock to decline substantially. 

Changes
in U.S. and foreign tax laws, as well as the application of such laws, could adversely impact our financial position and operating results. 

We
are subject to complex income and non-income tax laws and regulations in the U.S. and a variety of foreign jurisdictions. Both the U.S.
and foreign jurisdictions may revise corporate income tax and other non-income tax laws which could impact the amount of tax due in such
jurisdiction. Our determination of our corporate income tax liability is subject to review and may be challenged by applicable U.S. and
foreign tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such challenge could harm our operating results and financial condition. The determination
of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and, in the ordinary course of business,
there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is complex and uncertain. Moreover, as a multinational
business, we have subsidiaries that engage in many intercompany transactions in a variety of tax jurisdictions where the ultimate tax
determination is complex and uncertain. Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner
we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. Furthermore, as we operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions, the application
of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not
uncommon for taxing authorities in different countries to have conflicting views with respect to, among other things, the characterization
and source of income or other tax items, the manner in which the arm s-length standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes,
or with respect to the valuation of intellectual property. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge
our tax treatment of certain items or the methodologies we use for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, which could
impact our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and operating results. 

16 

We
are also subject to non-income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes in
the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. A change in the tax law could impact tax positions which could result in an increased exposure
related to such tax liabilities. Such changes could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

If
our estimates or judgment relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely
affected. 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and
the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments involve the
identification of performance obligations in revenue recognition, evaluation of tax positions, inter-company transactions, and the valuation
of stock-based awards and the fiat reserves we hold, among others. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions
change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations
of analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 

The
nature of our business requires the application of complex financial accounting rules, and there is limited guidance from accounting
standard setting bodies. If financial accounting standards undergo significant changes, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

The
accounting rules and regulations that we must comply with are complex and subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the FASB ), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change
in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results and may even affect the reporting
of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. Recent actions and public comments from the FASB and
the SEC have focused on the integrity of financial reporting and internal controls. In addition, many companies accounting policies
are being subject to heightened scrutiny by regulators and the public. 

We
are subject to changes in financial reporting standards or policies, including as a result of choices made by us, which could materially
adversely affect our reported results of operations and financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse impact on capital
ratios. 

17 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which are periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from
time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized bodies. It is possible that future accounting
standards and financial reporting standards or policies, including as a result of choices made by us, which we are required to adopt,
could change the current accounting treatment that applies to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have
a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial condition, and may have a corresponding material adverse
effect on capital ratios. 

As
a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting,
and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a
result, the value of our stock. 

We
are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting.
During the evaluation and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure
that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future.
Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial
condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or
if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal
control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market
price of our stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the exchange on which shares of our stock
are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting,
or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the
capital markets. 

We
might require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available or may require shareholder approval
to obtain. 

We
have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings. We intend to continue to make investments in our business
to respond to business challenges, including developing new products and services, enhancing our operating infrastructure, expanding
our international operations, and acquiring complementary businesses and technologies, all of which may require us to secure additional
funds. 

Additional
financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders would have rights senior
to holders of BioPower s shares to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including
our ability to pay dividends on BioPower s shares. 

18 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

We
are subject to an extensive and highly-evolving regulatory landscape, and any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any
laws and regulations could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could adversely impact our business, operating results,
and financial condition. 

Our
business depends in large part on our proprietary technology and our brand. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a combination
of trademark, trade dress, domain name, copyright, and trade secret and laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with
our employees, contractors, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, to establish and protect our brand and other
intellectual property rights. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective. Our proprietary
technology and trade secrets could be lost through misappropriation or breach of our confidentiality and license agreements, and any
of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, which could result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable.
There can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products, services,
or technologies that are substantially similar to ours and that compete with our business. 

As
we grow, we will seek to obtain and protect our intellectual property rights in an increasing number of countries, a process that can
be expensive and may not always be successful. For example, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign governmental intellectual
property agencies require compliance with a number of procedural requirements to complete the trademark application process and to maintain
issued trademarks, and noncompliance or non-payment could result in abandonment or lapse of a trademark or trademark application, resulting
in partial or complete loss of trademark rights in a relevant jurisdiction. Further, intellectual property protection may not be available
to us in every country in which our products and services are available. We may also agree to license our intellectual property to third
parties as part of various agreements. Those licenses may diminish our ability, though, to counter-assert our intellectual property rights
against certain parties that may bring claims against us. 

In
the future we may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. Our use of third-party intellectual
property rights also may be subject to claims of infringement or misappropriation. 

We
cannot guarantee that our internally developed or acquired technologies and content do not or will not infringe the intellectual property
rights of others. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon or misappropriating
their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to
incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty
payments, prevent us from offering our products or services or using certain technologies, force us to implement expensive work-arounds,
or impose other unfavorable terms. 

19 

Risks
Relating to Operating as a Public Company 

The
requirements of being a public company, including maintaining adequate internal control over our financial and management systems, may
strain our resources, divert management s attention, make us incur increased costs, and affect our ability to attract and retain
executive management and qualified board members. 

As
a public company we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. We are subject to reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Stockholder
activism, the current political and social environment, government intervention and regulatory reform, may lead to substantial new regulations
and disclosure obligations, which will likely result in additional compliance costs and could impact the manner in which we operate our
business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 

Our
management team has limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with
the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition
to being a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and
the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant attention
from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely
affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Although we have already hired additional employees to assist us in
complying with these requirements, our finance team is small and we may need to hire more employees in the future, or engage outside
consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. We also expect that being a public company and complying with applicable rules
and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to incur
substantially higher costs to obtain and maintain the same or similar coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us
to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors and qualified executive officers. 

Compliance
with these rules and regulations may strain our financial and management systems, internal controls, and employees. The Exchange Act
requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results.
Moreover, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, and internal
control, over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures, and internal
control over, financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. If we encounter
material weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and
our consolidated financial statements may be materially misstated. Effective internal control is necessary for us to produce reliable
financial reports and is important to prevent fraud. 

20 

As
a public reporting company, we will continue to incur significant additional legal, accounting and other costs. These additional costs
could negatively affect our financial results. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance
and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC, may increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some
activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations and, as a result, their
application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources
to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses
and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding
our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, we fail to comply, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings
against us and our business may be harmed. 

The
trading price of BioPower common stock may be volatile, and purchasers of BioPower common stock could incur substantial losses. 

Our
stock price may be volatile. The stock market has experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance
of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their shares of BioPower common stock at or
above the price paid for the shares. The market price for BioPower common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our operating results; 

changes
 in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

conditions
 or trends in our industry; 

changes
 as a result of macroeconomic events; 

stock
 market price and volume fluctuations of comparable companies; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new product or service offerings, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, or divestitures; 

announcements
 of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

capital
 commitments; 

investors 
 general perception of our company and our business; 

recruitment
 or departure of key personnel; and 

sales
 of BioPower common stock, including sales by our directors and officers or specific stockholders. 

21 

In
addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against technology companies following periods of volatility
in the market prices of these companies stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial
costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 

Future
sales of BioPower common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress our stock price. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None 

Item
2. Properties. 

BioPower s
corporate address is 20801 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 403, Aventura, FL 33180. Other than this mailing address, we do not maintain any physical
or other office facilities, and we do not anticipate the need for maintaining office facilities at any time in the foreseeable future.
The Company pays 334 monthly for the use of this mailing address, conference room and other services, including telephone reception. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not involved in any pending legal proceeding nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information for Our Common Stock 

Our
Common Stock is not traded on any exchange but is currently available for trading in the over-the-counter market and is quoted on the
OTC Pink tier operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol BOPO. Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Pink is
often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company s
operations or business prospects. 

Over
the counter securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, these securities
transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. Over the counter issuers are traditionally
smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 

The
SEC also has rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks
generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities listed on certain national exchanges, provided
that the current price and volume information with respect to transactions in that security is provided by the applicable exchange or
system). The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, before effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the
rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson
compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing before effecting the transaction, and must be given to the
customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for shares of our common stock. As a result of these rules, investors may find it difficult
to sell their shares. 

22 

Set
forth below are the range of high and low bid quotations for the periods indicated as reported by the OTC Markets Group. The market quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 High ) 
 Low ) 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.20 
 0.04 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.30 
 0.13 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.53 
 0.13 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.97 
 0.21 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 High ) 
 Low ) 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.64 
 0.05 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.30 
 0.03 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.07 
 0.03 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.09 
 0.01 

Fiscal Year 2020 
 High ) 
 Low ) 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.35 
 0.15 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.49 
 0.10 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.35 
 0.05 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.35 
 0.17 

On
June 16, 2023, the closing price of our common stock as reported by the OTC Markets was _______ per share. 

As
of June 16, 2023, there were approximately 163 stockholders of record, 45,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding,
and 900,000 shares of our Series C preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present
intention of the Company to retain any earnings for use in its business operations and, accordingly, the Company does not anticipate
the board of directors declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. Consequently, you will only realize an
economic gain on your investment in our common stock if the price appreciates. You should not purchase our common stock expecting to
receive cash dividends. Since we do not anticipate paying dividends, and if we are not successful in establishing an orderly public trading
market for our shares, then you may not have any manner to liquidate or receive any payment on your investment. Therefore, our failure
to pay dividends may cause you to not see any return on your investment even if we are successful in our business operations. In addition,
because we may not pay dividends in the foreseeable future, we may have trouble raising additional funds which could affect our ability
to expand our business operations. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

We
do not have any securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans and we do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On
March 4, 2022, the Company issued 625,000 shares of restricted common stock to a Canadian investor for 0.40 per share for a total purchase
price of 250,000. 

The
above issuance was made pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule
506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

23 

Purchase
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021. 

Item
6. Reserved 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our
actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including,
those set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Businesses
Overview 

We
have reviewed the market opportunities available to us and have determined that we will make use of our business assets by being a U.S.-based
green finance and renewable energy company. Our target markets need to access traditional capital markets to provide funding options
 we support this through our structured finance and ESG project consultancy divisions supporting green, environmental and infrastructure
related initiatives. Our relationship with WPP Energy and its multinational distributor network provides a tremendous deal flow for projects
seeking capital. Adding structured finance creates a very scalable, fast moving new business unit capable of handling dollar volumes
of many billions. The digital securities platform has been repositioned to host projects that are not suited for our structured finance
offering. 

Our
new structured finance division has three funding models: 

1. 
 Structured
 Finance/Bond Market: Capital supplied by the U.S. bond market, with deal sizes typically in the range of 100 million to over 1
 billion. 

2. 
 Structured
 Finance/Promissory Notes: Capital supplied by insurance and pension funds via a promissory note model, with deal sizes ranging from
 10 million to 100 million or more. 

3. 
 Securities
 offerings through third party Broker Dealers: Capital supplied by accredited investors via a Regulation D, Rule 506(c) offering,
 with deal sizes ranging from 1 million to 100 million. 

We
have formed relationships with institutions and traditional wholesale capital providers established in the U.S. bond and promissory note
markets. As a result, our clients can reap the benefits, as this new business unit can accept projects with capital funding requests
from 10 million to several billions of dollars in value. 

Note
that BOPO/HyFi is not a registered Broker Dealer but will rely upon third-party services provided by Signet Capital, LLC, is a boutique
investment banking and structured finance services firm with extensive structuring and distribution capabilities for debt and equities
securities. 

Our
ESG project consultancy division reviews projects, makes recommendations on funding partners for projects, addresses any missing elements
which would disqualify a project from being financed, such as absent or unsatisfactory offtake agreements, and helps source and negotiate
the missing elements for clients. 

24 

Our
management team s experience in the energy and environment sectors is the foundation behind this offering. On a consultancy basis,
we can source and negotiate the contracts necessary for a project funding to be successful, such as: 

Off-take
 agreements with BBB or higher rated entities, with a supporting proforma which demonstrates the ability to cover principal and interest
 repayment obligations; and 

Government
 or B credit rating or above for co-signing of financing contracts. 

Coinciding
with the launch of our structured finance and ESG project consultancy divisions, we have 12 clients under contract for services on over
 10 billion in project capital and consultancy sought, for green, environmental and infrastructure related projects. The deals are at
various stages of maturity, with almost 1 billion in transactions already submitted for underwriting approval this month. 

We
have developed a large pipeline of business from Southeast Asia, as well as engagements in Central America, Canada, the U.S., EU and
select African nations, and we have a strong focus on India. We have established relationships in India through our partnership network
and believe India is poised for substantial growth in its green economy. 

We
believe adding structured finance and consultancy is the best way to truly make an impact and support large projects. To transition to
a green planet and green economy, it is necessary to deploy as much capital as possible into the projects that are the best positioned
to do the greatest good for the planet, and those who live on it. It became apparent to us that we have too many quality clients, most
needing large sums of capital, and we could not rely solely on our securities platform to reasonably handle this much volume at launch. 

Going
Concern 

Our
financial statements accompanying this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We have a minimal operating history and minimal
revenues or earnings from operations. We have no significant assets or financial resources. We will, in all likelihood, sustain operating
expenses without corresponding revenues for the immediate future. 

There
is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next 12 months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our
expenses. We must raise cash from sources other than revenues generated, such as from the proceeds of loans, public or private equity
sales, and/or advances from related parties. There is no guarantee that any loans will be received, any equity sales will be made, and/or
any related parties will advance funds to us or that such funds will be available on favorable terms. 

There
can be no assurance that any of our operations above will lead to customers or revenue. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Our
company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not
believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial
position or results of operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As
a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

25 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
Company s consolidated audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, together with the report
of the independent certified public accounting firm thereon and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-2. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

(a)
Termination of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On
August 10, 2021, MaloneBailey, LLP MaloneBailey was dismissed by the Board from its position as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm. 

MaloneBailey
did not issue a report on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2020 and 2019. MaloneBailey
last issued a report on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2015. That report did not contain
an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles,
except that such report expressed substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Furthermore,
during the Company s two most recent fiscal years and through November 30, 2021, there have been no disagreements with MaloneBailey
on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to MaloneBailey s satisfaction, would have caused MaloneBailey to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement
in connection with its reports on the Company s financial statements for such periods. 

For
the fiscal years ended November 30, 2020 and 2019 and through August 10, 2021, there were no reportable events as that
term is described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

The
Company provided MaloneBailey with a copy of the disclosure contained herein, prior to its filing with the SEC, and requested that MaloneBailey
furnish the Company a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether or not it agreed with the statements herein and, if not, stating the
respects in which it does not agree. MaloneBailey s letter to the SEC is attached hereto as Exhibit 16.1. 

(b)
Engagement of New Independent Registered Accounting Firm 

On
August 10, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors appointed BF Borgers, C.P.A., P.C. Borgers as the Company s
new independent registered accounting firm. During the Company s two most recent fiscal years and through July 16. 2023, neither
the Company nor anyone acting on the Company s behalf consulted Borgers with respect to any of the matters or reportable events
set forth in Item 304(a)(2)(i) and (ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 30, 2021. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

26 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our management, with
the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2021 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this
evaluation, our management concluded that as of November 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. This
was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected
our internal control over financial reporting and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The
matters involving internal control over financial reporting that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards
of the PCAOB were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee, (2) lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board of Directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (3) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; (4) complete lack of management of the company from February 2017 until June 2021; and
(5) lack of disclosure controls. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results because the activity during this
period was nominal. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside
Directors on our Board of Directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

This
Comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting due to applicable rules of the SEC. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021
that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following are the officers and directors of the Company as of the date of this report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Troy
 MacDonald 
 
 53 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Adam
 Benchaya 
 
 35 
 
 President,
 Chief Marketing Officer and Director 
 
 Paul
 Walton 
 
 63 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Thomas
 Perez 
 
 30 
 
 Director 

27 

Troy
MacDonald . Since December 2017, Mr. MacDonald has served as Chief Operating Officer of WPP Energy GmbH, a private Swiss renewable
energy company WPP Energy ), and as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Innovation Officer beginning in 2020. He remains
a key contributor and stakeholder in WPP Energy. Prior to December 2017, Mr. MacDonald founded The Monetary Man Inc. in June 2004, Gem
of a Diamond in 2012 and Investors Gold Corporation in 2014. Collectively, the three companies focused on precious metals, gems and currency. 

Mr.
MacDonald is co-founder of HyFi Exchange and is also co-founder and co-architect of the HyFi Platform, WPP Token and HyFi Token. He led
the effort to successfully create high level partnerships with exchanges, advisors, developers, investors, community support people and
other key ecosystem participants. 

While
in his role at WPP Energy, Mr. MacDonald successfully procured a Master VORAX waste-to-energy technology 25-year global exclusive distribution
license and procured unconventional water electrolysis technology. Mr. MacDonald has built large academic and scientific teams and built
and trained a global distributor/reseller network. He has created dozens of corporate partnerships and strategic alliances around the
VORAX and W2H2 technologies, including those with multi-billion-dollar companies and large educational institutions. 

He
is a former four-time national award winner for outstanding business development as a HNW private banker with TD Bank (a top 25 world
bank) and national employee of the year with HFC/HSBC. Mr. MacDonald has built multiple successful businesses in the past across a variety
of industries. He is also an internationally known numismatist with a 43-year, two generation history in physical currency. The transition
into digital currency was a natural challenge for a professional banker and currency expert. 

Mr.
MacDonald has successfully completed the Harvard Business School Program on Disruptive Innovation Strategy and MIT University s
Program on Blockchain Technology Business Innovation and the London School of Economics Negotiation Programme .
He also studied at Stanford University in the Energy Innovation Emerging Technologies Program and is a graduate of
Saint Mary s University. 

Adam
Benchaya . Since June 2016, Mr. Benchaya has been the Vice President and Marketing Manager at WPP Energy. Prior to 2016, he served
as Vice President of Business Development at WPP Energy. Mr. Benchaya was a key contributor and innovator at WPP Energy. He is the co-founder
of HyFi Exchange and is also co-founder and co-architect of the HyFi Platform. He was also a key contributor in the effort to successfully
create high level partnerships with exchanges, advisors, developers, investors, community support people and other key ecosystem participants. 

Mr.
Benchaya is an ambassador for the Benchaya family, which has a long tradition and passion for renewable energy and environmental technology
in pursuit of a better and cleaner world. 

Paul
Walton . Since September 2022, Mr. Walton has served as Chief Operating Officer of HyFi, helping to review its security token and
renewable green energy financing business. He is responsible for developing the regulated financial infrastructure which will enable
HyFi to raise capital for its clients, as well as attending to key operational responsibilities. 

For
the past the past five years Mr. Walton advised several start-up fintech business to raise capital, arrange operations and develop business
invest management and alternative investing markets. This work involved regulated blockchain and cryptocurrency businesses as well as
style-based investment technology. At Optimal Asset Management, Mr. Walton grew assets and helped to develop a business which was eventually
sold to BNY Mellon. 

Prior
to this, Mr. Walton advised on a substantial portion of new technology and new product development at the London Stock Exchange s
New York operation, FTSE Russell for two periods between 2009 and 2017. Mr. Walton also ran business development for renowned economist,
Mr. Stephen Ross, at his Ross, Jeffrey and Antle hedge fund, for a four-year period, helping to grow assets substantially. 

28 

Mr.
Walton worked for a number of leading investment banks in London over three decades from the 1980s to the early 2000 s. In this
work, Mr. Walton was a highly rated financial analyst and investment strategist at the Warburg s private bank, Schroders private
bank, Goldman Sachs, Schroder Salomon Smith Barney, and Merrill Lynch. 

Mr.
Walton received a Master s Degree in Economics from the University or London and Bachelor s Degree in Economics from the
Victoria University of Manchester. Mr. Walton studied advanced management principles at the UK-based Ashridge Business School. For most
of his career, Mr. Walton held regulatory qualifications administered by the then UK supervisory body, Financial Services Authority. 

Thomas
Perez . Mr. Perez is a successful investor and entrepreneur. Prior to joining HyFi, from June 2016, Mr. Perez served as V.P. Business
Development for WPP Energy, where he focused on market and business development for WPP Energy s Hydrogen and Waste to Energy product
offerings. His duties at WPP Energy also included promoting WPP Token and was an ideas contributor to the HyFi Platform. Previously in
a direct sales role, Mr. Perez built a community base of more than 10,000 people spanning across 35 countries. 

Mr.
Perez is passionate about blockchain technology with six years experience in the sector as an investor and promoter, having raised
substantial money in the market. He was instrumental in bringing companies successfully into European Markets and in 2016, was a consultant
to Lifevantage Corporation, a Nasdaq-listed company (Nasdaq: LFVN). Mr. Perez also has direct sales experience as an insurance broker
for a large French company. 

We
believe that our officers and directors are well qualified as leaders. In their prior positions they have gained experience in core management
skills, such as strategic and financial planning, compliance, risk management, and leadership development. Our officers and directors
also have experience serving on boards of directors of other public companies, and have an understanding of corporate governance practices
and trends, which provides an understanding of different business processes, challenges, and strategies. 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our Directors, Executive Officers, promoters or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past 10
years: 

1.
A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at
or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an Executive Officer at
or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2.
Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
and other minor offenses; 

3.
Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i.
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, Director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity 

ii.
Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii.
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

29 

4.
Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State
authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described
in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5.
Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or
vacated; 

6.
Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7.
Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i.
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii.
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or 

iii.
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8.
Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has
disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics as Exhibit
14.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You can review our Code of Ethics by accessing our public filings on the SEC s web site
at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose
any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Board
and Committee Meetings 

Our
new Board of Directors currently consists of four members. The Board of Directors held two formal meetings between July 1, 2021 until
year ended November 30, 2021. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. 

Nomination
Process 

During
the year ended November 30, 2021, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees
to our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any Director candidates
recommended by our shareholders. Our Board of Directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s
requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the Board of Directors considers a nominee for a position on our Board
of Directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our Board of Directors, they may do so by sending communications
to the President of our Company at the address on the cover of this Comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

30 

Board
Committees and Director Independence 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol BOPO. Under the rules of the OTC Pink, we are not required to maintain
a majority of independent directors on our Board of Directors and we are not required to establish committees of the Board of Directors
consisting of independent directors. We do not currently have any Board committees. Under applicable NYSE American rules, a director
will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of the listed company s board of directors, that
person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may
not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee, accept,
directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise
be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. Our Board of Directors has determined in its business judgment
that none of its current Board members qualifies as independent within the meaning of the NYSE American rules for U.S. Companies, the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related SEC rules. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
Board of Directors does not have a member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii)
of Regulation S-K. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
bylaws provide that our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by the Nevada General Corporation Law and as set forth
in the Articles of Incorporation. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach
of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers
and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant
to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

The
Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Although
our management is primarily responsible for managing our risk exposure on a daily basis, our Board of Directors oversees the risk management
processes. Our Board, as a whole, determines the appropriate level of risk for our Company, assesses the specific risks that we face,
and reviews management s strategies for adequately mitigating and managing the identified risks. Although our Board administers
this risk management oversight function, our audit committee supports our Board in discharging its oversight duties and addresses risks
inherent in its area. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following is a summary of the compensation we accrued for our executive officers, for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2021, 2020
and 2019. 

2020
Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Position(s) 
 Year 
 Salary( 
 Bonus( 
 Total Compensation 

Robert D. Kohn (1) 
 2021 
 25,000 
 0 
 0 

Chief Financial Officer and 
 2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2019 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Kohn ceased to be Chief Executive Officer on June 29, 2021 in connection with the Acquisition. Mr. Kohn retained his position as
 Chief Financial Officer. On June 29, 2021, Troy MacDonald was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, and Adam Benchaya was appointed
 as President and Chief Marketing Officer. Mr. Kohn s 2021 salary is accrued. 

31 

During
the fiscal years ended 2021 and 2020, there were no arrangements or plans in which we provided cash or equity compensation, or pension,
retirement or similar benefits for our Executive Officers, and we did not have any material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to
which cash or non-cash compensation was or may be paid to our directors or Executive Officers. 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards 

There
were no grants of plan-based awards during the years ended November 30, 2022 or 202111111111. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

There
were no outstanding equity awards at the years ended November 30, 2022 or 2021. 

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested 

During
our fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, there were no options exercised by our named executive officer. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacities as Directors. 

Pension,
Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for our directors or Executive Officers. We
have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or
Executive Officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table provides information concerning beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February __, 2022 by: 

each
 stockholder, or group of affiliated stockholders, who owns more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock; 

each
 of our named executive officers; 

each
 of our directors; and 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and generally includes voting power and/or investment power with respect
to the securities held. Shares of Common Stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of
September 3, 2021 or issuable upon conversion of convertible securities which are currently convertible or convertible within 60 days
of September 3, 2021 are deemed outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options, warrants or convertible securities
for purposes of computing the number of shares and percentage of shares beneficially owned by that person, but are not deemed outstanding
for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially owned by any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table,
and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons or entities named have sole voting and investment power with respect to
all shares of our Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

32 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class (1) 

Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Troy MacDonald 
 (2) 
 0.0 
 
 Paul Walton 

Adam Benchaya 
 (4) 
 0.0 
 
 Thomas Perez 
 (5) 
 0.0 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (4 persons) 
 0 
 0 
 
 Other 5 Stockholders: 

Rafael Ben Shaya 
 (6) 

Riskless Partners, LLLP PO Box 600806 North Miami, Fl. 33160 
 5,805,000 (7) 
 12.9 
 
 Richard Reiner PO Box 811118 Boca Raton, FL 33481-1118 
 4,098,617 
 9.1 
 
 Robert Reiner PO Box 811118 Boca Raton, FL 33481-1118 
 4,110,000 
 9.1 
 
 Robert Kohn 9379 Equus Circle Boynton Beach, Florida 
 7,843,560 
 17.4 

(1) 
 The
 percent of class is based on the total number of common shares outstanding of 45,000,000 as of February __, 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 MacDonald owns 205,000 Series C convertible preferred shares. The Series C convertible preferred shares can be converted at any time
 after June 29, 2022 at a conversion rate of 450 shares of common stock for each share of Series C convertible preferred shares. 

(3)
 
 In
 addition to Mr. Kohn s common stock ownership, China Energy Partners, LLC CEP ), an entity 50 owned by Mr. Kohn,
 owns one share of Series A preferred stock, representing 100 of the shares of Series A preferred stock outstanding. The share of
 Series A preferred stock entitles CEP to vote 50.1 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company on all matters presented
 to the Company s stockholders for approval. On June 29, 2021, the Company and CEP entered into a Redemption Agreement, dated
 as of June 29, 2021, pursuant to which the Company redeemed the share of Series A preferred stock from CEP. On June 29, 2021, as
 provided in the Redemption Agreement, the Company issued to CEP a senior promissory note (the Note in the principal
 amount of 1,000,000. The share of Series A preferred stock will be held in escrow. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Note)
 occurs under the Note, then the Company will direct the escrow agent to release the share of Series A preferred stock to CEP; provided,
 however, that CEP will also retain all rights and privileges under the Note (and the Company will remain bound to all obligations
 under Note). For the avoidance of doubt, CEP will regain all rights, title, and interest in and to the share of Series A preferred
 stock upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note, regardless of the amount of the outstanding balance owed under the
 Note at the time of the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Benchaya owns 205,000 Series C convertible preferred shares. The Series C convertible preferred shares can be converted at any time
 after June 29, 2022 at a conversion rate of 450 shares of common stock for each share Series C convertible preferred shares. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Perez owns 45,000 Series C convertible preferred shares. The Series C convertible preferred shares can be converted at any time after
 June 29, 2022 at a conversion rate of 450 shares of common stock for each share Series C convertible preferred shares. 

33 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Ben Shaya owns 400,000 Series C convertible preferred shares. The Series C convertible preferred shares can be converted at any time
 after June 29, 2022 at a conversion rate of 450 shares of common stock for each share Series C convertible preferred shares. 

(7) 
 Bonnie
 Nelson is the sole managing member of Riskless Partners, LLLP, and has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by
 Riskless Partners, LLLP. Ms. Nelson was a member of the Company s board of directors until her resignation on June 30, 2021. 

In
 addition, Ms. Nelson owns 50 of CEP, which owns one share of Series A preferred stock, representing 100 of the shares of Series
 A preferred stock outstanding. The share of Series A preferred stock entitles CEP to vote 50.1 of the issued and outstanding shares
 of the Company on all matters presented to the Company s stockholders for approval. On June 29, 2021, the Company and CEP entered
 into a Redemption Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021, pursuant to which the Company redeemed the share of Series A preferred stock
 from CEP. On June 29, 2021, as provided in the Redemption Agreement, the Company issued to CEP a senior promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000. The share of Series A preferred stock will be held in escrow. If an Event of Default (as defined
 in the Note) occurs under the Note, then the Company will direct the escrow agent to release the share of Series A preferred stock
 to CEP; provided, however, that CEP will also retain all rights and privileges under the Note (and the Company will remain bound
 to all obligations under Note). For the avoidance of doubt, CEP will regain all rights, title, and interest in and to the share of
 Series A preferred stock upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note, regardless of the amount of the outstanding balance
 owed under the Note at the time of the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan 

None. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Since
December 1, 2016, there have been no transactions nor are there any proposed transactions in which any of our directors or nominees,
executive officers, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Tokens
transaction 

17,500,000
Tokens in exchange for the Membership Program 

The
Company s Board conducts an appropriate review of and oversees all related party transactions on a continuing basis and reviews
potential conflict of interest situations where appropriate. The Board has not adopted formal standards to apply when it reviews, approves
or ratifies any related party transaction. However, the Board believes that the related party transactions are fair and reasonable to
the Company and on terms comparable to those reasonably expected to be agreed to with independent third parties for the same goods and/or
services at the time they are authorized by the Board. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently have no independent directors. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020 for (i) professional services rendered by B.F. Borgers, our
principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in Form 10-Q Audit
Fees ), (ii) assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of the financial statements and not reportable under Audit Fees (the Audit Related Fees ), (iii) tax compliance,
advice, and planning Tax Fees ), and (iv) other products or services provided Other Fees were: 

Fiscal Year Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit Fees 
 118,000 
 96,000 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 118,000 
 96,000 

34 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

The
Board of Directors reviews and approves the audit and non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm during the fiscal year, considers the effect that performing those services might have on audit independence and approves management s
engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm to perform those services. The Board of Directors reserves the right
to appoint a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the fiscal year if the Board of Directors believes
that a change is in the best interest of the Company and our stockholders. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation 
 
 Previously
 filed(1) 

3.1(a) 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Previously
 filed(1) 

3.1(b) 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of the Rights, Preferences and Privileges Of Series A Preferred Stock of BioPower Operations Corporation 
 
 Previously
 filed(1) 

3.1(c)

Certificate
 of designations for Series C preferred stock. 
 
 Previously
 filed(8) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 Previously
 filed(1) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 of Stock Certificate 
 
 Previously
 filed(1) 

10.1 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Robert Kohn and the Company dated January 5, 2011. 
 
 Previously
 filed(1) 

10.2

Demand
 Note, dated November 30, 2010, issued to Mr. Robert Kohn 
 
 Previously
 filed (4) 

10.3

Demand
 Note, dated November 30, 2010, issued to Ms. Bonnie Nelson 
 
 Previously
 filed (4) 

10.5 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated June 29, 2021 by and among BioPower Operations Corporation and Rafael Ben Shaya, Troy MacDonald, Adam Benchaya,
 Thomas Perez, Tom Saban and Edouard Pouchoy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Share
 Redemption Agreement dated as of June 29, 2021 by and between the registrant and China Energy Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021). 

35 

10.7 
 
 Senior
 Promissory Note, dated June 29, 2021, issued by the registrant to China Energy Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated June 29, 2021 by and between the registrant and Robert Kohn (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021). 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics adopted September 1, 2021. 
 
 Previously
 filed(8) 

16.1 
 
 Letter
 dated August 31, 2021 from MaloneBailey LLP to the SEC. 
 
 Previously
 filed(8) 

21.1

List
 of Subsidiaries 
 
 Previously
 filed(8) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished
 herewith 

101 
 
 Interactive
 data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-172139) filed with the SEC on February 09, 2011. 

(2) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated March 16,
 2011. 

(3) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated April 8, 2011. 

(4) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated April 29,
 2011. 

(5) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated May 18, 2011. 

(6) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated July 21, 2011. 

(7) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2012. 

(8) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 3, 2021. 

Item
16. 10-K Summary 

None. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf on June 16, 2023, by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BioPower
 Operations Corporation 

/s/
 Troy MacDonald 

Troy
 MacDonald 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Troy MacDonald 

Troy
 MacDonald 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

The
registrant and each person whose signature appears below hereby appoint Troy MacDonald and Robert D. Kohn, and each of them, as attorneys-in-fact
with full power of substitution, severally, to execute in the name and on behalf of the registrant and each such person, individually
and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments to the annual report on Form 10-K, which amendments may make such changes in
the report as the attorney-in-fact acting deems appropriate and to file any such amendment to the report with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Troy MacDonald 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 June
 16, 2023 
 
 Troy
 MacDonald 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Troy MacDonald 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 June
 16, 2023 
 
 Troy
 MacDonald 
 
 (principal
 financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/
 Adam Benchaya 
 
 President,
 Chief Marketing Officer and Director 
 
 June
 16, 2023 
 
 Adam
 Benchaya 

/s/
 Thomas Perez 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 16, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 Perez 

37 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of BioPower Operations Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BioPower Operations Corporation as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/
 (PCAOB ID 

 We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2021 

June
16, 2023 

F- 1 

BioPower Operations Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

November 30, 

November 30, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivlants 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

- 

Notes payable 

Convertible debt vsriable priced converstion, not of discount of 

- 

Convertible debt 

Convertible debt - related parties, 

Convertible debt 

Notes payable Senior secured - related party 

- 

Notes payable 

Notes payable - related parties 

Notes payable 

Derivative liability 

- 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 

- 

- 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock - Series A, par value: authorized, and shares issued and outstanding on November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively 

- 

- 

Preferred stock - Series C, . par value: authorized, and shares issued and outstanding on November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock , value 

Common Stock owed 

Common stock, par value: authorized; and issued and outstanding on November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

BioPower Operations Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

2022 

2021 

For the Years Ended November 30, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Sale of Tokens 

Sale of Tokens - related party 

- 

Total Revenue 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income / (Loss) from operations 

() 

() 

Other expenses 

Gsin on derivative 

- 

Loan costs 

() 

- 

Interest expense 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense -related party 

() 

() 
 
 Total other expenses 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share: basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

BioPower Operations Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 

2021 

For the Years Ended November 30, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Common stock issued for services 

- 

Amortization of debt discount 

- 

Gain on derivative 

() 

- 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Increase in accounts receivable 

() 

- 

increase in inventory 

() 

- 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Deferred revenge 

- 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

Cash flow from financing activities 

Convertible notes payable 

- 

Repayment of Notes payable Senior secured - related party 

() 

- 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

() 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

- 

- 

Cash paid for income taxes 

- 

- 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Conversion of Series A preferred stock to notes payable - related party 

- 

() 
 
 Common stock issued for accrued severance 

- 

Common stock issued for accrued salary - related party 

- 

Debt Discount 

- 

Initial Derivative 

() 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

BioPower Operations Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Deficit 

 For the Tyear Ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 

 (Unaudited) 

Shares 

Par 

Shares 

Par 

Shares 

Dollar 

Shares 

Par 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Preferred
 Stock - Series A 

Preferred
 Stock 

Common
 Stock payable 

Common
 Stock 

Additional 

Shares 

Par 

Shares 

Par 

Shares 

Dollar 

Shares 

Par 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Outstanding 

Amount 

Outstanding 

Amount 

Issuable 

Amount 

Outstanding 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance November 30, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Sales of preferred stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of Series A preferred stock to notes payable - related party 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Common stock issued for services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock issued for accrued severance 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock issued for accrued salary - related party 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss, for year ended November 30, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance November 30, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Sale of common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Derivative liability 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Net loss, for year ended November 30, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance November 30, 2022 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance 

- 

- 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BioPower
Operations Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements 

 November
30, 2022 

of BioPower Corporation BC ), a Florida corporation incorporated on September 13, 2010, by our then-CEO and Director contributing of the outstanding
shares to the Company. As a result, BC became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On May 12, 2012, the Company formed FTZ Energy Exchange
Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary, for the future development of an energy exchange. On June 7, 2012, the Company s then-Chief Executive
Officer contributed of his member interest in FTZ Exchange, LLC FTZ ), a wholly owned subsidiary, to the Company for
no consideration. FTZ is a licensing company that licenses business know-how and technology to build transaction fee-based exchanges for
the sale of products and services in vertical markets. 

On August 2, 2012, the Company formed Agribopo, Inc.,
a wholly owned subsidiary, for the development of biomass related projects. On November 27, 2012, the Company entered into a non-exclusive
global license with Advanced Green Technologies, LLC to convert biomass wastes from animals, humans and cellulosic biomass to cellulosic
ethanol, fertilizer and other derivative products. 

On October 24, 2014, the Company entered into the
SEA with G3P to acquire G3P and its wholly owned subsidiaries, G3P OPS and G3PI through the Exchange. 

By October 24, 2016, G3P had failed to meet the provisions
of the SEA that would allow G3P to take over control of the Company. As a result, the Company s Board of Directors tried to come
to an arrangement to separate BioPower from its subsidiaries, but in the end, decided that it would be in the best interests of the Company s
shareholders to move forward looking for a new acquisition. From October 24, 2016 until February 2017, the Company continued project development
of waste-to-energy projects with extremely limited funds. In February 2017, the Company ceased all operations. At that time, we became
a shell company. 

In 2019, we entered into a memorandum of understanding
with WPP Energy GmbH and China Energy Partners, LLC CEP ), but after exhausting all efforts we were unable to negotiate
a definitive agreement or close the transaction. 

On June 29, 2021, we entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement (the APA with Rafael Ben Shaya, Troy MacDonald, Adam Benchaya, Thomas Perez, Tom Saban and Edouard Pouchoy (collectively,
Messrs. Ben Shaya, MacDonald, Benchaya, Perez, Saban and Pouchoy are referred to herein as the Sellers ). 

Pursuant to the terms of the APA, the Company agreed
to acquire from the Sellers, and the Sellers agreed to sell to the Company, certain assets comprised of the goodwill, intellectual property,
business proprietary know-how and trade secrets, intangible property and other assets of Sellers business with respect to HyFi,
and any and all rights of Sellers in and to the foregoing (the Assets ), and certain governance/utility virtual tokens (collectively,
the HyFi Tokens expected to be used as a means of payment on the HyFi Platform, as hereinafter defined (the Acquisition ).
The HyFi Platform refers to the HyFi Decentralized Finance DeFi exchange marketplace using blockchain platform
technology. The DeFi principles are based on an ecosystem of financial services utilizing tokenization and non-fungible tokens NFTs in connection with qualifying products, licenses and projects. 

In addition, the Sellers agreed to (i) pay to the
Company, on the closing date of the Acquisition, (the Cash Consideration ), and (ii) transfer to the Company, on
the closing date of the Acquisition, HyFi Tokens (the HyFi Token Consideration ). The Company used the Cash Consideration
to bring the Company into a fully reporting status with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and for public
company operating expenses. 

Series C preferred shares within 30 calendar days after the State of Nevada provides written confirmation
of filing of the certificate of designation for the Series C preferred stock . 

Pursuant to the terms of the APA, the parties agreed
that the Series C preferred stock will have the following terms, among others: 

1. Authorized Shares of Series C Preferred Stock.
The number of authorized shares of Series C preferred stock will be . 

2. Conversion. Subject to the other terms and conditions
in the certificate of designation, a Series C preferred stockholder will have the right from time to time and at any time following the
date that is one year after the date on the signature page of the certificate of designations to convert each outstanding share of Series
C preferred stock into shares of Company common stock. Based on the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of
June 29, 2021, if all of the shares of Series C preferred stock are issued and subsequently converted, the holders of the converted
stock will hold 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

3. Voting. Except as otherwise set forth in the certificate
of designation, each share of Series C preferred stock will, on any matter submitted to the holders of Company common stock, or any class
thereof, for a vote, vote together with the common stock, or any class thereof, as applicable, as one class on such matter, and each share
of Series C preferred stock will have 450 votes. 

4. Dividends. The Series C preferred stock is not
entitled to receive dividends or distributions. 

The Acquisition closed on June 29, 2021 (the Closing
Date ). On the Closing Date, the Sellers delivered the Cash Consideration and the HyFi Token Consideration. 

On August 27, 2021, the Company filed with the State
of Nevada a certificate of designations for the Series C preferred stock. 

Series A Preferred Stock Redemption Agreement 
Senior Promissory Note 

Also on the Closing Date, the Company and CEP entered
into a share redemption agreement (the Redemption Agreement ), dated as of June 29, 2021, pursuant to which the Company redeemed
one share of the Company s Series A preferred stock from CEP (the Series A Share ). On the Closing Date, as provided
in the Redemption Agreement, the Company issued to CEP a senior promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of .
The Series A Share will be held in escrow. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs under the Note, then the Company will
direct the escrow agent to release the Series A Share to CEP; provided, however, that CEP will also retain all rights and privileges under
the Note (and the Company will remain bound to all obligations under Note) even if the Series A Share is required to be released by the
escrow agent to CEP as provided in the Redemption Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, CEP will regain all rights, title, and interest
in and to the Series A Share upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note, regardless of the amount of the outstanding balance
owed under the Note at the time of the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note. 

On October 7, 2021, the Company filed a certificate
of amendment (the Certificate of Amendment to its amended and restated articles in the State of Nevada and with FINRA,
in order to change its corporate name from BioPower Operations Corporation. to HyFi Corp (the Name Change ). The State of
Nevada has officially changed the name of the Company to HYFI Corp. The Name Change and stock symbol change will be effective for Securities
and Exchange Commission or trading purposes until it is cleared by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). 

and stockholders deficit of . 

Because the Company does not expect that existing
operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative
sources of financing. Historically, the Company has raised capital through private placements, as an interim measure to finance working
capital needs and may continue to raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or other securities and obtaining some short-term
loans. The Company will be required to continue to so until its operations become profitable. Also, the Company has, in the past, paid
for consulting services with its common stock to maximize working capital, and intends to continue this practice where feasible. 

and 0 , respectively, which consisted of finished goods. 

(the Cash Consideration ), and (ii) transfer to the Company,
on the closing date of the Acquisition, HyFi Tokens (the HyFi Token Consideration ). The Company used the Cash
Consideration to bring the Company into a fully reporting status with the SEC and for public company operating expenses. 

of sales during the year ended November 30, 2022. 

and , respectively. 

to , (ii) increase the number of authorized shares of preferred stock from to , and (iii)
change the par value of the preferred stock from par value per share to par value per share. As of November 30, 2021, the
Company had authorized shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, 
par value per share. 

On March 4, 2022, the Company issued shares
of restricted common stock to a Canadian investor for per share for a total purchase price of . 

As of November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021, respectively,
there were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and and shares and shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

to 

Reclassification of accrued compensation to notes payable 

Balance November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 

As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, all
loans are past due and in default. 

On July 27, 2016, the Company entered into demand
loan agreements with a third-party investor totaling at interest, payable upon demand. 

Between October 28, 2011 and January 7, 2012, the
Company issued a total of in notes payable, due . Interest on the notes is payable at . The lender may elect to
convert the loan before maturity at a conversion price of per share. The loans are currently past due. 

On December 3, 2013, the Company entered into convertible
debt agreements with a third-party investor totaling at interest, payable upon demand. The debt is convertible into shares
of common stock at a conversion price of per share, for any amount up to of the original amount of the notes. As of November
30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

On July 30, 2015, the Company entered into convertible
debt agreements with a third-party investor totaling at interest, due on . The debt is convertible into shares
of common stock at a conversion price of per share. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

On May 23, 2016, the Company entered into convertible
debt agreements with a third-party investor totaling at interest, due on . The debt is convertible into shares
of common stock at a conversion price of per share. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

On July 30, 2015, the Company entered into convertible
debt agreements with a third-party investor totaling at interest, due on . The debt is convertible into shares
of common stock at a conversion price of per share. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

On July 30, 2015, the Company entered into convertible
debt agreements with a third-party investor totaling at interest, due on . The debt is convertible into shares
of common stock at a conversion price of per share. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

Between December 3, 2014 and July 28, 2015, the Company
issued a total of in notes payable. Interest on the notes is payable at . The loans were due prior to and
are past due. 

Accrued interest on notes payable and convertible
debt at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 amounted to and , respectively, which is included as a component of accounts
payable and accrued expenses. 

Interest expense on notes payable and convertible
debt with third parties amounted to and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 respectively. 

as a contribution to additional paid in capital.
He also agreed to reclassify in accrued compensation to long term debt upon the issuance of a non-convertible interest bearing
note with a maturity date of . On June 1,
2016, he agreed to reduce his accrued compensation by as a contribution to additional paid in capital. He also agreed to reduce
his long term note by as a contribution to additional paid in capital. As the Company was not funded prior to December 1, 2016,
the Board of Directors reversed the contribution of accrued salaries. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the Chief Financial
Officer was owed and , respectively, of accrued compensation and accrued salary was reduced by . As of November
30, 2022 and November 30, 2020, the Chief Financial Officer was owed and , respectively, of notes payable and accrued
interest. 

On May 27, 2016, the Director of Strategy agreed to
reduce her accrued compensation by as a contribution to additional paid in capital. She also agreed to reclassify in
accrued compensation to long term debt upon the issuance of a non-convertible interest bearing note with a maturity date of . The total principal amount of included three different notes totaling @ interest. The compensation included
was accrued during the period from January 2, 2011 to February 29, 2016. On June 1, 2016, she agreed to reduce her accrued compensation by as a contribution
to additional paid in capital. She also agreed to reduce her long term note by as a contribution to additional paid in capital.
As the Company was not funded prior to December 1, 2016, the Board of Directors reversed the contribution of accrued salaries. As of November
30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the Director was owed a total of and , respectively, of accrued compensation. As of November
30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the Director was owed a total of and , respectively, of notes payable and accrued interest.
There was a reduction in the liability by share issuance of . 

As of November 30, 2016, a related party investor
advanced a total of due on or before . Pursuant to the agreement, the investor is allowed to convert of the
debt at a share price of . As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

In March 2016, the Chief Operating Officer loaned
to the Company . The loan bears interest at and is due on or before . Pursuant to the agreement, the investor
is allowed to convert of the debt on the maturity date at a share price of . The Company accounted for the conversion of loan
in accordance with ASC 470, Debt with Conversion and Other Options . The fair market value of the shares on March 2, 2016
was per share and, accordingly, there was deemed to be no Beneficial Conversion Factor. On May 18, 2016, the Chief Operating Officer
loaned the Company an additional with conversion rights at per share. Therefore, effective May 18, 2016, of the
Chief Operating Officer s note payable had conversion rights of per share. The Company accounted for the conversion of loan
in accordance with ASC 470, Debt with Conversion and Other Options . The fair market value of the shares on May 18, 2016
was per share and accordingly there was deemed to be no Beneficial Conversion Factor. On May 23, 2016, a third-party investor loaned
the Company with conversion rights at per share. Therefore, effective May 23, 2016, an additional of the Chief Operating
Officer s note payable had conversion rights of per share. The Company accounted for the conversion of loan in accordance
with ASC 470, Debt with Conversion and Other Options . The fair market value of the shares on May 18, 2016 was per
share and accordingly, was deemed to have no Beneficial Conversion Factor. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was
in default. 

In May 2016, the Chief Operating Officer made a loan
of , bearing interest at and due on or before . The debt is convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion
price of per share. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

In July 2016, the Chief Operating Officer made a loan
of as collateral, bearing interest at and due on or before . The debt is convertible into shares of common stock
at a conversion price of per share. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

On June 29, 2021 the Company entered into an employment
agreement with Robert Kohn. The Company agreed to an annual salary of beginning on September 30, 2021. Mr. Kohn resigned on November
15, 2022. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 the Company accrued and , respectively. 

During the year ended November 30, 2021 the Company
issued HyFi Tokens to related parties for the purchase of technology. The Technology has a historical value of . In addition,
the Company issued Troy MacDonald HyFi Tokens as consideration for his sale of HyFi tokens at of the related token sales. 

Accrued interest on related party notes payable and
convertible debt at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, amounted to and , respectively, and is a component of accounts
payable and accrued expenses related parties. 

Interest expense on notes payable and convertible
debt with related parties amounted to and for the years ended November 30 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company has separated accounts payable and accrued
expenses on the balance sheet to reflect amounts due to related parties primarily consisting of officer compensation, health insurance,
interest on notes and reimbursable expenses to officers for travel, meals and entertainment, vehicle and other related business expenses. 

Convertible Loans variable priced conversion 

Diagonal Lending Securities Purchase Agreement 
Convertible Note 

On May 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Diagonal Lending SPA by and between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC Diagonal
Lending ). Pursuant to the terms of the Diagonal Lending SPA, the Company agreed to sell, and Diagonal Lending agreed to purchase,
a convertible note of the Company in the aggregate principal amount of . On August 5, 2022 the Company borrowed an additional 
with similar terms. On September 26, 2022 the Company borrowed an additional with similar terms 

On May 31, 2022, August 5, 2022 and September 26,
2022, pursuant to the terms of the Diagonal Lending SPA, the Company issued to Diagonal Lending a convertible promissory note (the Diagonal
Lending Note in the principal amount of , and , respectively. The Diagonal Lending Note was funded on June
23, 2022, August 5th, 2022 and November 6, 2022. The Diagonal Lending Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures 180 days
after issuance. The Diagonal Lending Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth in the Diagonal
Lending Note. Any amount of principal or interest which is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate of per annum. 

The Diagonal Lending Note may be prepaid; provided,
however, that if the Company exercises its right to prepay, the Company will make payment to Diagonal Lending of an amount in cash equal
to the percentage as set forth in the table below, multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of the Diagonal
Lending Note, plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Diagonal Lending Note, plus (y) default interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) certain other amounts owed to Diagonal Lending pursuant to the terms
of the Diagonal Lending Note. 

July 31, 2022 to October 28, 2022 

October 29, 2022 to November 27, 2022 

After November 27, 2022, prepayment will be subject
to agreement of the parties with respect to the applicable prepayment percentage. 

with an
interest rate of per annum. The Series A Share will be held in escrow. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs under
the Note, then the Company will direct the escrow agent to release the Series A Share to CEP; provided, however, that CEP will also retain
all rights and privileges under the Note (and the Company will remain bound to all obligations under Note) even if the Series A Share
is required to be released by the escrow agent to CEP as provided in the Redemption Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, CEP will regain
all rights, title, and interest in and to the Series A Share upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note, regardless of
the amount of the outstanding balance owed under the Note at the time of the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note. 

On June 22, 2022, the Company entered into the Addendum
and Amendment of Promissory Note (the Note Amendment by and between the Company and China Energy Partners, LLC China
Energy ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Amendment, the Company and China Energy agreed to amend the Senior Promissory Note issued
by the Company to China Energy on June 29, 2021 (the China Energy Note such that (i) the principal amount and accrued interest
under the China Energy Note will be repaid in full on or before June 28, 2022, with to be paid in cash and to be paid
via the transfer to China Energy of tokens to an electronic wallet; and (ii) the parties agree that in interest previously accrued
under the China Energy Note was satisfied via the transfer by the Company to China Energy of 53 HyFi NFT Athena vaults. 

On June 28, 2022, the China Energy Note, as amended
by the Note Amendment, was paid in full. 

shares of common stock valued
at per share) to a consultant. 

The Company issued shares of common stock
valued at per share) to Baruch Halpern for severance compensation. 

The Company issued shares of common stock
valued at per share) to Robert Kohn for partial conversion of accrued compensation. 

The Company issued shares of common stock
valued at per share) to Bonnie Nelson for partial conversion of accrued compensation. 

On the Closing Date, the Company and CEP entered into
the Redemption Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021, pursuant to which the Company redeemed the Series A Share. On the Closing Date, as
provided in the Redemption Agreement, the Company issued to CEP the Note in the principal amount of with an interest rate of
 per annum. The Series A Share will be held in escrow. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs under the Note, then the
Company will direct the escrow agent to release the Series A Share to CEP; provided, however, that CEP will also retain all rights and
privileges under the Note (and the Company will remain bound to all obligations under Note) even if the Series A Share is required to
be released by the escrow agent to CEP as provided in the Redemption Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, CEP will regain all rights,
title, and interest in and to the Series A Share upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note, regardless of the amount of
the outstanding balance owed under the Note at the time of the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note. 

On June 29, 2021, the Sellers agreed to (i) pay to
the Company, on the closing date of the Acquisition, (the Cash Consideration ), and (ii) transfer to the Company,
on the closing date of the Acquisition, HyFi Tokens (the HyFi Token Consideration ). The Company used the Cash
Consideration to bring the Company into a fully reporting status with the SEC and for public company operating expenses. 

In exchange for the sale of the Assets and the Cash
Consideration, the Company agreed to issue to the Sellers an aggregate of Series C preferred shares within 30 calendar days after
the State of Nevada provides written confirmation of filing of the certificate of designation for the Series C preferred stock. 

Pursuant to the terms of the APA, the parties agreed
that the Series C preferred stock will have the following terms, among others: 

1. Authorized Shares of Series C Preferred Stock.
The number of authorized shares of Series C preferred stock will be . 

2. Conversion. shares of Series C preferred stock are issued and subsequently converted, the holders of the
converted stock will hold 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock . 

3. Voting. . 

4. Dividends. The Series C preferred stock is not
entitled to receive dividends or distributions. 

On August 27, 2021, the Company filed with the State
of Nevada a certificate of designations for the Series C preferred stock. 

On July 28, 2021, the Company amended and restated
its articles of incorporation, as amended, in order to, among other things, (i) increase the number of authorized shares of common stock
from to , (ii) increase the number of authorized shares of preferred stock from to , and (iii)
change the par value of the preferred stock from par value per share to par value per share. As of November 30, 2021, the
Company had authorized shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, 
par value per share. As of May 31, 2022, and November 30, 2021, respectively, there were and shares of common stock
issued and outstanding, and and shares and shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On March 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock
Purchase Agreement (the Compton SPA by and between the Company and Clarke Compton. Pursuant to the terms of the Compton
SPA, the Company agreed to sell, and Mr. Compton agreed to purchase, shares of the Company s common stock for a total purchase
price of . 

On June 26, 2022 PIP agreed to purchase, and the Company
agreed to sell, shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price of per share. As of November 30, 2022 the shares have
not been issued by the transfer agent 

digital art assets based on the Greek
Goddess Athena, in exchange for payment by the Company of and certain variable rate payments depending on the number of vaults
sold by the Company. The is payable by the Company in three equal installments of due on April 4, 2022, May 19, 2022
and July 1, 2022. The Company paid all installments due through August 31, 2022. The Sanctum deliverables are due by July 1, 2022 or earlier,
as set forth in the Sanctum Agreement. The Company announced this material definitive agreement and associated Press Release, incorporated
by reference, on a Current Report on Form 8-K which was filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022. 

PIP North America ILO and Multi-Agreement 

On June 26, 2022, the Company entered into an ILO
and Multi-Agreement (the PIP Agreement with PIP North America Inc. PIP ). Pursuant to the terms of the PIP
Agreement, the parties agreed as follows: 

1. The Company agreed to provide PIP the exclusivity
to list the first initial license offering ILO for a minimum of 90 days. . 

2. PIP will not pay any listing fee for its first
three ILOs, and the Company will provide free consulting services to help structure the ILOs. 

3. The Company agreed to provide services necessary
from Super How for the customization of the HyFi technology for the first three PIP ILOs, including smart contracts for each listing. 

4. The Company agreed to provide, at the Company s
cost, Prime Trust for anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) services, including processing of the payments, conversion
of tokens to fiat currency for the use by the ILO issuer and all other services necessary for any ILOs, projects or bridge loans that
PIP agrees to list on HyFi marketplaces to raise capital. 

5. The Company agreed to provide PIP with
Exclusive License options for one-year million and an option for an additional year for million for the
agriculture category on the HyFi DeFi marketplaces. . The option for the one-year exclusive must be exercised while the
first PIP ILO is listed on the HyFi ILO marketplace and, once exercised, will last for one year. Within 90 days of the expiration of
the one-year exclusive license, PIP must exercise the license for the second year. 

6. PIP agreed to pay the Company of gross sales
of PIP vaults plus usual and customary percentages charged by third party vendors for the vault program. 

7. PIP agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed
to sell, shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price of per share. As of November 30, 2022 the shares have not
been issued by the transfer agent. 

8. PIP agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed
to sell, HyFi tokens at a purchase price of per token for . The HyFi tokens can be used as utility tokens in conjunction
with HyFi DeFi marketplace fees and services, HyFi vaults, HyFi memberships and any other HyFi fees and services. As of November 30, 2022
the HyFi tokens have not been delivered. 

9. . 

10. The Company agreed to provide a license for the
HyFi Vault Program, a blockchain promotional and marketing program, and services necessary from third party vendors, including Super How
and Sanctum Studios. 

11. In exchange for the above, PIP agreed to pay to
the Company . The Company agreed to use this payment as part of the payments to retire the China Energy Note, as amended. 

On November 11, 2022, the Company entered into an
agreement with Generation Power Group Limited. The Company agreed to act as a non-exclusive placement agent in connection with an offering
to investors of up to an aggregate of of securities. The Company will receive the following: 

(a) Company Onboarding
 Due Diligence Fee . The Company will receive a non-refundable Onboarding fee of upon execution of this Agreement. 

(b) Placement
Fee . The Company will receive a cash placement fee equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds received from Investors that the Company
originated. The Company will receive placement fee equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds received from Investors that Generation
Power Group Limited originate. 

(c) Expenses .
The Company will receive promptly reimburse upon request for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Company in connection with
the services provided hereunder, including, without limitation, travel costs, Site maintenance, and other customary expenses for this
type of engagement, including, without limitation, out-of-pocket legal or regulatory fees, costs and expenses (including without limitation,
any Offering-related regulatory filing fees and reasonable out-of-pocket counsel or consultant fees, related to the review of Offering
Materials for compliance with applicable SEC/FINRA rules). 

(d) All fees
and expenses payable hereunder are net of all applicable withholding and similar taxes. 

The term of this Agreement shall be from the date
hereof until the earlier of: (i) 12 months from the date hereof; or (ii) the date of the closing of the Offering as agreed by HYFI and
the Company. The engagement hereunder will commence upon the execution of this Agreement by both parties, and shall be terminable by either
party, with or without cause, on 30 days prior written notice to the other. 

As of November 30, 2022, the Company has recorded
the Onboarding Due Diligence Fee as deferred revenue. 

On November 15, 2022, Robert Kohn resigned as Chief
Financial Officer of the Company and as a member of the Company s Board of Directors, effective immediately. Mr. Kohn s resignation
was not because of a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Effective
November 15, 2022, the Board appointed Paul Christopher Walton to serve as the Company s Chief Operating Officer, as well as the
Company s principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. 

Mr. Walton, age 63, Since September 2022, Mr. Walton
has served as Chief Operating Officer of HyFi, helping to review its security token and renewable green energy financing business. He
is responsible for developing the regulated financial infrastructure which will enable HyFi to raise capital for its clients, as well
as attending to key operational responsibilities. 

For the past five years Mr. Walton advised several
start-up fintech businesses to raise capital, arrange operations and develop business management and alternative investing markets. This
work involved regulated blockchain and cryptocurrency businesses as well as style-based investment technology. At Optimal Asset Management,
Mr. Walton grew assets and helped to develop a business which was eventually sold to BNY Mellon. 

Prior to this, Mr. Walton advised on a substantial
portion of new technology and new product development at the London Stock Exchange s New York operation, FTSE Russell for two periods
between 2009 and 2017. Mr. Walton also ran business development for renowned economist, Mr. Stephen Ross, at his Ross, Jeffrey and Antle
hedge fund, for a four-year period, helping to grow assets substantially. 

Mr. Walton worked for a number of leading investment
banks in London over three decades from the 1980s to the early 2000 s. In this work, Mr. Walton was a highly rated financial analyst
and investment strategist at the Warburg s private bank, Schroders private bank, Goldman Sachs, Schroder Salomon Smith Barney, and
Merrill Lynch. 

Mr. Walton received a Master s Degree in Economics from the University
of London and Bachelor s Degree in Economics from the Victoria University of Manchester. Mr. Walton studied advanced management
principles at the UK-based Ashridge Business School. For most of his career, Mr. Walton held regulatory qualifications administered by
the then UK supervisory body, Financial Services Authority. 

Contingencies 

From time to time, the Company may be involved in
legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the Company believes that such matters are currently not material, there
can be no assurance that matters arising in the ordinary course of business for which the Company is, or could be, involved in litigation,
will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The Company
will arrange for an investment in POWGEX of USD million in the form of a note, loan or bond within 30 days of the Agreement s
effective date. POWGEX will loan USD million to the Company, to be repaid with funds that the Company will raise for POWGEX. The Company
will raise up to USD million for investment in POWGEX within 90 business days of the Agreement s effective date. The Company
will own a interest (applicable to equity, profits, dividends, cash distributions, etc.) in the entities formed under the joint
venture, and the remainder will be owned by POWGEX. POWGEX will pay the Company a management advisory fee of of all investment capital
raised for all projects in the joint venture. 

POWGEX
will sell between to of its outstanding equity interest to the Company, in proportion to the amount of the total USD 
million raised by the Company on behalf of POWGEX. The Company will sell between to of its outstanding equity interests to
POWGEX, in proportion to the amount of the total USD million raised by the Company on behalf of POWGEX. If one of the parties terminates
the Agreement, breaches the Agreement or tries to sell the shares of the other party that were received pursuant to the Agreement, the
other party will have the right to repurchase any or all of such shares held by the party who triggers the repurchase right under the
Agreement. 

The Agreement
also requires the Company to sell up to of its outstanding common stock to James Waithaka and Kip Harris, officers of POWGEX, split
equally, for up to USD million upon the completion of the other terms of the Agreement outlined above. 

Furthermore,
the Company must now appoint Kip Harris, one of POWGEX s officers, to its board of directors and James Waithaka, another of POWGEX s
officers, to its board of directors one year from the date of the Agreement. The Company will appoint one director and POWGEX will appoint
two directors to the board of directors for the joint venture. 

F- 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

 I,
Troy MacDonald, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BioPower Operations Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 
 June
 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Troy MacDonald 

Name: 
 Troy
 MacDonald 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Robert D., Kohn, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BioPower Operations Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 June
 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert D. Kohn 

Name: 
 Robert
 D. Kohn 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Each
of the undersigned, Troy MacDonald, Chief Executive Officer of BioPower Operations Corporation (the Company ), and Robert
D. Kohn, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30 , 2022 (the Report ).
Each of the undersigned hereby certifies that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company 

June
 16, 2023 

/s/
 Troy MacDonald 

Troy
 MacDonald 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

June
 16, 2023 

/s/
 Robert D. Kohn 

Robert
 D. Kohn 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bopo-20221130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bopo-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bopo-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bopo-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

