<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230428_10-K_edgar_data_1580490_0001140361-23-021075.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4839097</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104758</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>744108</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1597675</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1148657</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1038258</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-021075.hdr.sgml : 20230428
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230427182226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-021075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230428
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230427

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			I-ON Digital Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580490
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				463031328
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54995
		FILM NUMBER:		23859168

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1244 N. STONE ST.
		STREET 2:		UNIT #3
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60610
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-440-2278

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1244 N. STONE ST.
		STREET 2:		UNIT #3
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60610

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	I-ON Communications Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180430

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Evans Brewing Co Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140422

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Evans Brewing Company, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140421

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-021075.txt : 20230428

10-K
 1
 brhc20051491_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________to ______________

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(formerly known as I-ON Communications Corp.)

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

OTC Markets LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12
 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
 the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7762(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the common stock held by
 non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing sales price of 0.071___ on the OTC Markets. All
 executive officers and directors of the registrant have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be affiliates of the registrant.

As of April 27, 2023, there were approximately 
 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I

Page

Item 1.

Business 

2

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

5 

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

10 

Item 2.

Properties 

10 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

10 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

10 

PART II

Item 5.

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

11 

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data 

12 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Plan of Operation and Results of Operations 

12 

Item 7A

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

15 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

16 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

33 

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures 

33

Item 9B.

Other Information 

33 

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Corporate Governance. 

34

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

35 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

36

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

36

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

36 

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

37

SIGNATURES 

39

Table of Contents 

PART I 

SPECIAL NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The information in this report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this report are forward looking. In particular, the
 statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believes, estimates, 
 intends , plans , could, possibly, probably, anticipates, projects, expects, may, will, or should, designed to, designed for, or other variations or similar words or language. No assurances can be given that the
 future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from
 management s expectations.

Although these forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based upon facts and factors currently known to us.
 Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
 result of various factors, including those set forth below under the caption Risk Factors. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation
 Reform Act of 1995. You should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. They give our expectations regarding the future but are not guarantees. We undertake no
 obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law.

Organization and Corporate History 

I-ON Digital Corp. (formerly known as I-ON Communications Corp.) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18, 2013 as ALPINE 3 Inc. Alpine 3 Inc. was set up to serve as
 a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. ALPINE 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities, either debt or
 equity, before it successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4, 2014, The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the Trust purchased 10,000,000 shares of common stock which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3, Inc., and subsequently
 changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. EBC on May 29, 2014. On October 9, 2014 the Trust agreed to the cancellation of 9,600,000 of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400,000 shares of common stock.

On September 17, 2015, the independent Bayhawk shareholders approved an Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement and Bayhawk sold to EBC and EBC purchased from Bayhawk
 assets of Bayhawk, including but not limited to the assets relating to the Bayhawk Ales label and the Evans Brands (collectively, the Transferred Assets ).

On January 25, 2018, Evans Brewing Company, Inc. consummated an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), with I-ON Digital Corp. a company organized under the
 laws of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) I-ON and I-ON Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Acquisition ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Acquisition merged with and into I-ON in a statutory reverse
 triangular merger (the Merger with I-ON surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant. As consideration for the Merger, the Registrant agreed to issue the shareholders of I-ON (the I-ON Holders an aggregate of 26,000,000 shares
 of our Common Stock, in accordance with their pro rata ownership of I-ON capital stock. Following the Merger, the Registrant adopted the business plan of I-ON in information technology consultancy and software development. On December 14, 2017,
 in connection with the Merger, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation (the Amendment to change its name to I-ON Digital Corp.

1 

Table of Contents 

On March 21, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to change the name of the Company to I-ON Digital Corp. The Company filed
 a Certificate of Amendment to effectuate the name change on or about April 2, 2019.

On September 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with I-ON Acquisition Corp., a Florida corporation IAC ). Pursuant
 to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, as amended, IAC acquired 3,600 shares of a newly created Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred for proceeds in the amount of 250,000 (the
 Subscription Amount in the form of a promissory note (the Note which was secured by the pledge of the Series A Shares, the Series B Shares (as defined herein) and other assets of IAC in a Stock Pledge and Escrow Agreement (the Pledge
 Agreement ). Each Series A Preferred Share is convertible into Ten Thousand (10,000) shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and is entitled to vote on matters as to which holders of the Common
 Stock shall be entitled to vote at a rate of One Hundred (100) votes per share of Series A Preferred.

ITEM I: BUSINESS 

I-ON Digital Corp I-ON, or the Company designs, develops, and acquires technologies to deploy fully compliant, institutional-level ecosystems that fuel financial asset digitization,
 safe and secure wealth transfer, and data and identity sovereignty for a new generation of financial and data-driven transactions.

I-ON is fundamentally a technology company that currently is changing how we manage and interact with sensitive data. I-ON is revolutionizing identity, consent, and data security in
 healthcare, banking, and the payments industries through the thoughtful application of advanced blockchain, smart contracts, and artificial intelligence AI based technologies.

I-ON s primary focus is the development of the world's most efficient, regulatory-compliant, institutional-grade digital asset ecosystem. The
 Company's primary, targeted channels for value creation include service fees associated with asset digitization, escrow and custodial services, secure transactional revenues, and the licensing of the Company s growing intellectual property
 portfolio for offerings to tier-one level institutional organizations within the financial, healthcare, and information technology services marketplace.

The Company goal is to create a secure, digital world where data is used responsibly without compromising individual or organizational privacy. To achieve this goal,
 I-ON has established strategic partnerships with leading companies such as Nodalium and INSTRUXI to optimize its digitized asset ecosystem.

These partnerships have enabled I-ON to develop robust data solutions allowing for secure transactions between users and service providers. Utilizing a global hosting backbone supported by
 two layers of distributed ledger technology (DLT) for maximum security and privacy, I-ON ensures that encrypted user data is protected in flight and at rest. A digital identity makes it impossible to identify or track people across multiple
 platforms or services without explicit permission from the user.

I-ON additionally leverages AI algorithms to analyze data sets quickly and accurately to provide enhanced user insights. Smart contracts are utilized to automate complex processes like asset
 ownership and custody, digital identity verification, and secure payment processing between individuals or businesses.

With its unique technology partnerships, its cutting-edge technology solutions, and its commitment to ethical practices in protecting user data privacy, I-ON hopes to become an emerging
 industry leader in providing secure identity management solutions for healthcare providers, banks, and financial institutions, as well as payment-service providers around the world.

2 

Table of Contents 

COMPETITION

The Company competes with a range of US and global based digital solutions providers, many of which have greater name recognition and financial
 resources than the Company. The digitization of products and services is becoming increasingly transformative across US and global business sectors, the Company anticipates that, as the range of existing and potential digital product and
 service providers continues to grow, it will require I-ON to continuously differentiate itself by developing and improving on its core business platforms.

MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES

As of December 31, 2022, I-ON had no employees other than its executive management.

PROPERTIES

The Company does not own any physical location. I-ON currently leases its corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois for the amount of 2,925 per month which lease expires on July 1, 2023.

3 

Table of Contents 

POTENTIAL FUTURE PROJECTS AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

Members of the Company s management may serve in the future as an officer, director or investor in other entities. Neither the Company nor any of its shareholders would have any interest in
 these other companies projects. Management believes that it has sufficient resources to fully discharge its responsibilities for all current and future projects.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

We believe we are in compliance with applicable federal, state and other regulations and that we have compliance programs in place to ensure compliance going forward. There are no regulatory
 notifications or actions pending.

LEGAL MATTERS

None.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company has sold a total of 3,600 Series A Preferred shares to ION Acquisition Corp of which Carlos X Montoya is the majority shareholder,
 President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rod A. Smith is a shareholder and Corporate Secretary. The purchase price paid was 250,000 for 3,600 Preferred A shares on January 20, 2023.

The Company entered into a technology Licensing Agreement with I-ON Acquisition Corp. IAC on March 30, 2023. Under the terms and conditions of the
 Company s precedent I-ON Digital Nodalium Inc. Channel Partnership Master Agreement, the Company has formally granted I-ON Acquisition Corp. full use and access, specifically licensing up to 65 workstations, empowered by the Nodalium Enterprise
 Workflow/ Intelligent Automation Platform. The enterprise software platform solution features Nodalium s Digital Trust product suite. I-ON Acquisition paid an upfront price of 110,500, or 1,700 per workstation, plus a one-time setup and
 registration fee of 20,000 for combined transaction amount of 130,500.

The Company has reached an agreement in principle to purchase rights to an existing Asset Exchange
 Agreement involving the prior arms-length purchase by Orebits Acquisition Group and IAC involving ownership rights to 180 Orebits Gold-Backed Digital Assets (technically, 179.9742). Pursuant to the terms of the original 335,700 transaction,
 the seller, an unrelated third-private party (as trustee), agreed to sell the Orebits Gold-Backed Digital Assets in exchange for a combination of cash and marketable securities. In acquiring the contractual rights I-ON will pay combination of
 8 5 ,700 in cash and the equivalent of 250,000 in I-ON Digital Corp shares of the Company s common stock. As calculated, this equates to 1,136,363.64 shares of I-ON Digital
 common stock at the previously published price of 0.22 to be issued to the original seller.

The subject 180 Orebits will be central to an asset digitization beta project involving the I-ON Digital Blockchain Platform, now under construction by I-ON Digital and technology partner
 INSTRUXI.

Available Information 

We will make available free of charge any of our filings as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or otherwise furnish them to,
 the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We are not including the information contained in our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this report on Form 10-K.

The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20002. The public may
 obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
 electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov .

4 

Table of Contents 

Within our website s Investor section, SEC Filings tab, all of our filings with the Commission and all amendments to these reports are available as soon as reasonably
 practicable after filing.

Website

Our website address is www.iondigital.com

Our Information

Our principal executive offices are located at 1244 N. Stone Street, Unit #3, Chicago, IL 60610 and our telephone number is (866) 440-2278. We can be contacted by email at
 info@iondigital.com

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects are subject to the following risks. Additional risks and
 uncertainties not presently foreseeable to us may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the
 trading price of our common stock could decline, and our stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in the shares of our common stock.

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as
 believes, estimates, intends , plans , could, possibly, probably, anticipates, projects, expects, may, will, or should, designed to, designed for, or other variations or similar words or language. Actual results could
 differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K.

Risks Related to Pandemics 

The recent COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow.

While the impact on our business from the recent outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus is unknown at this time and difficult to predict, various aspects of our business could
 be adversely affected by it.

As of the date of this Annual Report, COVID-19 coronavirus has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, has been declared a National Emergency by the United
 States Government and has resulted in several states being designated disaster zones. COVID-19 coronavirus caused significant volatility in global markets, including the market price of our securities. The spread of COVID-19 coronavirus has
 caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus, especially as to travel and congregating in large numbers. In addition, certain states and municipalities have enacted, and additional cities are
 considering, quarantining and shelter-in-place regulations which severely limit the ability of people to move and travel, and require non-essential businesses and organizations to close.

It is unclear how such restrictions, which will contribute to a general slowdown in the global economy, will affect our business, results of operations, financial condition
 and our future strategic plans.

Shelter-in-place and essential-only travel regulations have negatively impacted many of our customers. In addition, while our digesters are manufactured in the United States,
 we still could experience significant supply chain disruptions due to interruptions in operations at any or all of our suppliers facilities. If we experience significant delays in receiving our products we will experience delays in fulfilling
 orders and ultimately receiving payment, which could result in loss of sales and a loss of customers, and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

5 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our headquarters are located in Seoul, South Korea, which was also subject to large COVID-19 outbreak requiring its government to enact travel and work
 restrictions. While these restrictions were lessened as of the date of this Annual Report, it is unclear at this time how these restrictions will affect our operations and revenues.

Risks Specific to Our Business 

If we fail to successfully execute on our business plan or if digital assets and blockchain do not become widely used on a mass scale, our results of operations could be
 adversely affected.

We currently design, develop, and acquire technologies to deploy fully compliant, institutional-level ecosystems that fuel financial asset
 digitization, safe and secure wealth transfer, and data and identity sovereignty for financial and data-driven transactions. Our ability to succeed depends on the success of our continued development and
 expansion of our product and service offerings. There are various risks related to these efforts, including the risk that these efforts may not provide the expected benefits in our anticipated time frame, if at all, and may prove costlier
 than expected; and the risk of adverse effects to our business, results of operations and liquidity if past and future undertakings, and the associated changes to our business, do not prove to be cost effective or do not result in benefits at
 the levels that we anticipate. There is no assurance that a digital asset ecosystem will develop as we anticipate or develop on a mass scale at all, or that our business model will achieve the expected results. To be successful over time, we
 may need to change our business model. Any such efforts may not be successful. 

Due to unfamiliarity and some negative publicity associated with digital asset and blockchain technology, the general public may lose confidence in
 digital asset or blockchain technology.

Products and services that are based on digital assets are relatively new. Many players in the industry are unlicensed, unregulated, operate without supervision by any
 governmental authorities, or do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management team, corporate practices, cybersecurity, and regulatory compliance. As a result, the general public may lose
 confidence in digital asset and blockchain technology, including associated data center operations like ours.

Since the inception of the cryptoeconomy, numerous digital asset and digital asset businesses and platforms have been sued, investigated, or shut down due to fraud,
 illegal activities, the sale or issuance of unregistered securities, manipulative practices, business failure, and security breaches.

In addition, there have been reports that a significant amount of digital asset trading volume is fabricated and false in nature, with a specific focus on unregulated
 platforms, products and services located outside the United States. Such reports may indicate that the market for products and services utilizing digital assets and other digital assets is significantly smaller than otherwise understood.

Negative perception, a lack of stability and standardized regulation in the cryptoeconomy, and the closure or temporary shutdown of platforms utilizing digital assets due
 to fraud, business failure, hackers or malware, or government mandated regulation may reduce confidence in the cryptoeconomy and result in greater volatility of the prices of assets, including significant depreciation in value. Any of these
 events could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Concerns about the environmental impacts of blockchain technology could adversely impact usage and perceptions digital assets or our services and
 offerings.

Because we are unable to influence or predict future regulatory actions taken by federal, state, local or foreign governments, we may have little opportunity or ability
 to respond to rapidly evolving regulatory positions which may have a materially adverse effect on our industry and, therefore, our business and results of operations. If further extreme regulatory action is taken by various government entities,
 our business may be negatively affected.

6 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Securities Markets and Investments in Our Securities 

General securities market uncertainties resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.

Since the outset of the pandemic the US and worldwide national securities markets have undergone unprecedented stress due to the uncertainties of the pandemic and the
 resulting reactions and outcomes of government, business and the general population. These uncertainties have resulted in declines in all market sectors, increases in volumes due to flight to safety and governmental actions to support the
 markets. As a result, until the pandemic has stabilized, the markets may not be available to the Company for purposes of raising required capital. Should we not be able to obtain financing when required, in the amounts necessary to execute on
 our plans in full, or on terms which are economically feasible we may be unable to sustain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan and may have to reduce the planned future growth and scope of our operations.

Our executive officers and certain stockholders possess the majority of our voting power, and through this ownership, control our Company and our
 corporate actions.

Our current executive officers, directors and largest stockholders of the Company, held approximately 64 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our capital stock
 as of December 31, 2022. These officers, directors and certain stockholders have a controlling influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including mergers,
 consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, election of directors, and other significant corporate actions. The interests of our executive officers and certain shareholders may give rise to a conflict of interest with
 the Company and the Company s stockholders. For additional details concerning voting power please refer to the section below entitled Description of Securities. 

Liquidity of our common stock has been limited.

Our common stock is quoted on OTC Markets under the symbol IONI . The liquidity of our common stock is very limited and is affected by our limited trading market. The OTC
 Markets is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges, and is subject to abuses, volatilities and shorting. There is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for our common stock. An established
 trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces the liquidity of the shares
 traded.

The trading volume of our common stock may be limited and sporadic. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company that
 is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they may tend to be
 risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or
 more when trading activity in our shares is minimal, as compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give
 any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained. As a result of such trading activity, the quoted price for our common stock
 while on the OTC Markets may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of its fair market value.

Because we became public by means of a reverse business combination, we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms.

There may be risks associated with us becoming public through a reverse business combination. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms and securities institutions may
 not provide coverage of us because there were no broker-dealers who sold our stock in a public offering that would be incentivized to follow or recommend the purchase of our common stock. The absence of such research coverage could limit investor
 interest in our common stock, resulting in decreased liquidity. No assurance can be given that established brokerage firms will, in the future, want to cover our securities or conduct any secondary offerings or other financings on our behalf.

7 

Table of Contents 

Our stock price may be volatile.

The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control,
 including the following:

the concentration of the ownership of our shares by a limited number of affiliated stockholders may limit interest in our securities;

limited public float with a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the market price for
 our common stock;

additions or departures of key personnel;

loss of a strategic relationship;

variations in operating results from the expectations of securities analysts or investors;

announcements of new products or services by us or our competitors;

reductions in the market share of our products;

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;

investor perception of our industry or prospects;

insider selling or buying;

investors entering into short sale contracts;

regulatory developments affecting our industry; and

changes in our industry;

competitive pricing pressures;

our ability to obtain working capital financing;

sales of our common stock;

our ability to execute our business plan;

operating results that fall below expectations;

revisions in securities analysts estimates or reductions in security analysts coverage; and

economic and other external factors.

Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or
 projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time, including as to whether our common stock will sustain current market prices, or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common
 stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price.

In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular
 companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

8 

Table of Contents 

Our common stock is subject to price volatility unrelated to our operations.

The market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including market perception of our ability to achieve our planned growth,
 quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry, trading volume in our common stock, changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting the Company s competitors or the
 Company itself.

A decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise working capital and adversely impact our ability to continue operations.

A prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. A
 decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity, our operations and strategic plans. Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect on
 our business plan and operations, including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our common stock price declines, we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds
 from operations sufficient to meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future, we may not be able to have the resources to continue our normal operations.

Concentrated ownership of our common stock creates a risk of sudden changes in our common stock price.

The sale by any shareholder of a significant portion of their holdings could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

Sales of our currently issued and outstanding stock may become freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 and may dilute the market for your shares and have a
 depressive effect on the price of the shares of our common stock.

A substantial majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ( Rule 144 ). As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act
 and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a non-affiliate who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may sell their shares of common stock. Under Rule 144, affiliates
 who have held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1 of a company s outstanding shares
 of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our
 shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of common stock in any active market that may develop.

We do not plan to declare or pay any dividends to our stockholders in the near future.

We have not declared any dividends in the past, and we do not intend to distribute dividends in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends
 will be made at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board of directors
 considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend.

9 

Table of Contents 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract management.

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and the Securities Act. These rules, regulations and requirements are extensive. We may incur significant costs associated with our public company corporate governance and reporting requirements. This may divert
 management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult
 and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be
 more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.

Future changes in financial accounting standards or practices may cause adverse unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and affect reported results of
 operations.

A change in accounting standards or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before the
 change is effective. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our
 reported financial results or the way we conduct business.

Penny Stock rules may make buying or selling our common stock difficult.

Trading in our common stock has previously been subject to the penny stock rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity
 security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any broker-dealer that recommends our common stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors, must, prior
 to the sale, make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any
 transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the
 broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common
 stock, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our common stock.

SHOULD ONE OR MORE OF THE FOREGOING RISKS OR UNCERTAINTIES MATERIALIZE, OR SHOULD THE UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS PROVE INCORRECT, ACTUAL RESULTS MAY DIFFER
 SIGNIFICANTLY FROM THOSE ANTICIPATED, BELIEVED, ESTIMATED, EXPECTED, INTENDED OR PLANNED

ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED COMMENTS. 

None.

ITEM 2: PROPERTIES. 

We do not own any physical location. I-ON currently leases its corporate headquarters and other offices in Chicago, Illinois for the rent of 2,925 per month which lease
 expires on July 1 , 2023. We believe that our current offices are sufficient in size for current and future operations.

ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we are a party to, or otherwise involved in, legal proceedings arising in the normal and ordinary course of business. As of the date of this report, we are
 not aware of any other proceeding, threatened or pending, against us which, if determined adversely, would have a material effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable.

10 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

(a) 

Market Information

Our common stock first became quoted on the OTC Markets under the trading symbol EVBW on March 27, 2014. On February 24, 2016, our common stock began trading under the name
 Evans Brewing Company, Inc. and under the trading symbol ALES . On April 21, 2016, the common stock was uplisted to the OTCQB Venture Marketplace and on August 2, 2018 our trading symbol was changed to IONI. Over the counter market quotations
 reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. The following table lists the high and low sale information for our common stock as quoted on the OTC Markets
 for the fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021:

Quarter Ended

Price 

 Range

 High )

Low )

December 31, 2022

0.106

0.064

September 30, 2022

0.078

0.063

June 30, 2022

0.075

0.055

March 31, 2022

0.098

0.065

December 31, 2021

0.19

0.14

September 30, 2021

0.24

0.18

June 30, 2021

0.36

0.17

March 31, 2021

0.49

0.10

The above quotations from the OTC Markets reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions.

(b) Holders

The number of record holders of our common stock as of December 31, 2022, was approximately 300 based on information received from our transfer agent. This amount excludes an
 indeterminate number of shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee name with a brokerage firm or other fiduciary.

(c) Dividends

We have not paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

On September 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with I-ON Acquisition Corp., a Florida corporation IAC ). Pursuant
 to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, as amended, IAC acquired 3,600 shares of a newly created Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred for proceeds in the amount of 250,000 (the
 Subscription Amount in the form of a promissory note (the Note which was secured by the pledge of the Series A Shares, the Series B Shares (as defined herein) and other assets of IAC in a Stock Pledge and Escrow Agreement (the Pledge
 Agreement ). Each Series A Preferred Share is convertible into Ten Thousand (10,000) shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and is entitled to vote on matters as to which holders of the Common
 Stock shall be entitled to vote at a rate of One Hundred (100) votes per share of Series A Preferred.

11 

Table of Contents 

Also on September 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement (the Contribution Agreement with certain Purchasers (the Purchasers pursuant to which the Purchasers agreed
 to purchase 6,000 shares of a newly created Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series B Preferred ), in exchange for the Purchasers rights and title to certain assets of the Purchasers described in the
 Contribution Agreement. Each Series B Preferred Share is convertible into One Thousand (1,000) shares of Common Stock and entitled to vote on matters as to which holders of the Common stock shall be entitled to vote at a rate of One Thousand
 (1,000) votes per Series B Preferred Share.

All of the securities referred to above were offered and sold without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act in reliance on the exemptions provided by
 Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as provided in Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and/or Regulations promulgated thereunder. The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws, and unless so
 registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by 17 C.F.R. 229(10)(f)(i) and are not required to provide the information under this heading.

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere herein
 and in conjunction with the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Readers should carefully review the risk
 factors disclosed in this Form 10-K and other documents filed by the Company with the SEC.

As used in this report, the terms Company , we , our , and us refer to I-ON Digital Corp., a Delaware corporation.

PRELIMINARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as
 believes, estimates, intends , plans , could, possibly, probably, anticipates, projects, expects, may, will, or should, designed to, designed for, or other variations or similar words or language. The forward-looking
 statements are based on the current expectations of the Company and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those set forth in the discussion under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations in this report. Actual results may differ materially from results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. We base the forward-looking statements on information currently available to us, and we assume no obligation
 to update them

12 

Table of Contents 

Organization and Corporate History 

I-ON Digital Corp. (formerly known as I-ON Communications Corp.) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18, 2013 as ALPINE 3 Inc. Alpine 3 Inc. was set up to serve as
 a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. ALPINE 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities, either debt or
 equity, before it successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4, 2014, The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the Trust purchased 10,000,000 shares of common stock which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3, Inc., and subsequently
 changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. EBC on May 29, 2014. On October 9, 2014 the Trust agreed to the cancellation of 9,600,000 of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400,000 shares of common stock.

On September 17, 2015, the independent Bayhawk shareholders approved an Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement and Bayhawk sold to EBC and EBC purchased from Bayhawk
 assets of Bayhawk, including but not limited to the assets relating to the Bayhawk Ales label and the Evans Brands (collectively, the Transferred Assets ).

On January 25, 2018, Evans Brewing Company, Inc. consummated an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), with I-ON Digital Corp.., a company organized under the
 laws of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) I-ON and I-ON Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Acquisition ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Acquisition merged with and into I-ON in a statutory reverse
 triangular merger (the Merger with I-ON surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. As consideration for the Merger, the Registrant agreed to issue the shareholders of I-ON (the I-ON Holders an aggregate of 26,000,000 shares
 of our Common Stock, in accordance with their pro rata ownership of I-ON capital stock. Following the Merger, the Registrant adopted the business plan of I-ON in information technology consultancy and software development. On December 14, 2017,
 in connection with the Merger, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation (the Amendment to change its name to I-ON Digital Corp.

On March 21, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to change the name of the Company to I-ON Digital Corp. The Company filed
 a Certificate of Amendment to effectuate the name change on or about April 2, 2019.

On September 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with I-ON Acquisition Corp., a Florida corporation IAC ). Pursuant
 to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, as amended, IAC acquired 3,600 shares of a newly created Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred for proceeds in the amount of 250,000 (the
 Subscription Amount in the form of a promissory note (the Note which was secured by the pledge of the Series A Shares, the Series B Shares (as defined herein) and other assets of IAC in a Stock Pledge and Escrow Agreement (the Pledge
 Agreement ). Each Series A Preferred Share is convertible into Ten Thousand (10,000) shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and is entitled to vote on matters as to which holders of the Common
 Stock shall be entitled to vote at a rate of One Hundred (100) votes per share of Series A Preferred.

I-ON Digital

Following the Merger but prior to the Sell-Off, as described more fully herein, the Company adopted the business plan of I-ON. I-ON was founded by
 Jae Cheol Oh, who served as CEO. The Company s roots are in IT consultancy and software development. I-ON services South Korea s enterprise content management system s (CMS) market and specializes in advancing market-leading internet software
 applications to capitalize on rapidly growing market sectors.

On September 29, 2022, the Company effectuated an Equity Transfer Agreement (the Sell-Off Agreement among the Company, Communications and JFJ
 Digital Corp., a Delaware corporation JFJ ), whereby all of the outstanding equity of Communications was transferred to JFJ in exchange for the return of 15,306,119 shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Jae Cheol Oh and Hong Rae Kim,
 the Company s principal executive officer and members of the Board of Directors (the Sell-Off . Pursuant to the Sell-Off Agreement, in addition to acquiring all of the outstanding capital stock of Communications, JFJ assumed all
 responsibilities for any debts, obligations and liabilities of Communications and acquire all rights to any assets of Communications, including, but not limited to, the Subscription Amount.

As a result of the Sell-Off, Communications ceased being a subsidiary of the Company. Accordingly, the operating results of Communications are
 reported in net loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented. In addition, the related assets and liabilities held prior to the Sell-Off are reported as Assets and
 Liabilities of Discontinued Operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All amounts and disclosures included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements reflect only the Company's continuing operations unless otherwise noted.

13 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

Comparison of results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as Compared to the year ended December 31, 2021

The following table sets forth selected items from our consolidated statements of operations by dollar and as a percentage of our net sales for the
 periods indicated:

Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Change

Amount

of

 Revenue

Amount

of

 Revenue

Amount

Net sales

7,578,685

100.0

16,199,710

100.0

(8,621,025

-53.2

Cost of goods sold

6,923,957

91.4

10,834,719

66.9

(3,910,762

-36.1

Gross profit

654,728

8.6

5,364,991

33.1

(4,710,263

-87.8

Operating expense

2,714,315

35.8

3,558,698

22.0

(844,383

-23.7

Other income (expense)

1,807,581

23.9

(120,825

(0.7

1,928,406

-1,596.0

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes, loss on equity investment, and non-controlling interest

(252,006

(3.3

1,685,468

10.4

(1,937,474

-115.0

Provision for (benefit from) income tax

30,002

0.4

(306,780

(1.9

336,782

-109.8

Income (loss) before loss on equity investment and non-controlling interest

(282,008

(3.7

1,992,248

12.3

(2,274,256

-114.2

Loss on equity investment

(18,725

(0.2

-

0.00

(18,725

N/A

Income (loss) before non-controlling interest

(300,733

(4.0

1,992,248

12.3

(2,292,981

-115.1

Non-controlling interest income (loss)

(273,108

(3.6

(171,628

1.1

(101,480

59.1

Net income (loss) attributable to Parent Company from discontinued operations

(27,625

0.4

2,163,876

13.4

(2,191,501

-101.3

Comprehensive income statement:

Net income (loss)

(300,733

(4.0

1,992,248

12.3

(2,292,981

-115.1

Foreign currency translation loss

(1,691,420

(22.3

(1,016,433

(6.3

(674,987

66.4

Total comprehensive income (loss)

(1,992,153

(26.3

975,815

6.0

(2,967,968

-304.2

14 

Table of Contents 

Net Sale

Net sales decreased by 8,621,025 or 53.2 , to 7,578,685 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 16,199,710 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
 The change in net sales reflected the following:

- Customization revenue decreased by approximately 3,854,000 from approximately 8,722,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 4,868,000 for
 the year ended December 31, 2022 mainly due to decrease in new contracts and discontinued operation since September 30, 2022.

- Installation revenue decreased by approximately 2,559,000 from approximately 3,153,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 594,000 for the
 year ended December 31, 2022 mainly due to decrease in new contracts and discontinued operation since September 30, 2022.

Cost of Goods Sold

Cost of goods sold decreased by 3,910,762 or 36.1 , to 6,923,957 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 10,834,719 for the year ended December
 31, 2021. The decrease was in aligned with the decrease of the revenue as illustrated above resulting from the discontinued operation.

Gross Profit

Gross profit decreased by 4,710,263 to 654,728, or 8.6 of net sales, for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 5,364,991 or 33.1 of net sales,
 for the year ended December 31 , 2021. The decrease in gross profit for the compared periods was primarily driven by decreased net sales.

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses consist of research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses.

Research and development expenses decreased by 975,606 or 65.0 , to 524,611 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,500,217 for the year ended
 December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to decrease in head count computer programmers at the research and development department.

General and administrative expenses increased by 131,223 or 6.4 , to 2,189,704 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,058,481 for the year
 ended December 31, 2021. The expenses have been continuously increased mainly due to an increase in salary.

Other Income (Expense)

The increase in other income was primarily due to the 1,736,227 received from SK E S for small businesses research development projects.

Comprehensive income - Foreign currency translation

Foreign currency translation loss was 1,691,420 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to loss of 1,016,433 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was due to devaluation of
 Korean Won compared to US dollar in year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The average exchange rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was KRW 1,278.7 and KRW 1,143.7, respectively.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of the Sell-Off date, which was September 29, 2022, the Company had approximately 12.6 million of total assets and 3.6 million of total
 liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet. Those assets and liabilities were owned by Communications or Communications subsidiaries, such as I-ON, Ltd (Japanese subsidiary), eformworks Co., Ltd. (Korean subsidiary) and EIPGRID (Korean
 subsidiary). As a result of the Sell-Off Agreement, all assets and liabilities were transferred to JFJ.

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements are affected by the accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during
 their preparation. A complete summary of these policies is included in Note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. We have identified below the accounting policies that are of particular importance in the presentation of our
 financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and which require the application of significant judgment by our management. Management has carefully considered the recently issued accounting pronouncements that altered generally
 accepted accounting principles and does not believe that any other new or modified principles will have a material impact on the Company s reported financial position or operations in the near term.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by 17 C.F.R. 229 (10)(f)(i) and are not required to provide information under this item.

15 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 6651 

17 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

18 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

19 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

20 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

21 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

22 

16 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors

and Stockholders of I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements`

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of I-ON Digital Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, and the related statements of operation, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated
 financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
 each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully
 described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company sold its subsidiaries on September 29, 2022. As a result of the Sell-Off, the Company discontinued operations by the subsidiaries. These conditions raise substantial doubt
 about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might become necessary should the Company be
 unable to continue as a going concern.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
 accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
 financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
 the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
 communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
 matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Revenue

recognition for certain long-term fixed-price contracts 

Critical Audit Matter Description

As discussed in Notes 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a few long-term fixed-price contracts whereby the Company
 recognizes revenue over the contract period using actual days incurred on a monthly basis. The Company provides long-term fixed-price contracts to customers based on estimated days to complete the services to fulfill the contract requirements. 
 Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue on a monthly basis based on percentage completion over the contract period based on actual days incurred . Estimates regarding the
 Company s costs, which is primarily labor costs, associated with the service are used in determining the estimated days to complete the contract. The Company has historically been materially accurate in estimating the days over the contract period
 compared to actual days incurred.

We identified the evaluation of revenue recognition for certain long-term fixed-price contracts as a critical audit matter as the Company s
 estimated days to incur over the contract period to complete services require a high degree of subjective auditor judgment given the nature and complexity of the work to be performed. The determination of, and changes to, those estimates may
 have a material impact on revenue recorded.

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We inquired of financial and operational personnel
 of the Company and inspected supporting documents to identify factors on how the Company estimates days over the contract period. We evaluated the Company s revenue recognition for long-term fixed-price contracts as follows:

o 

reading the underlying contracts and related amendments to obtain an understanding of the contractual requirements and related performance obligations,

o 

considering days incurred to-date and the relative progress towards completion of the contracts,

o 

considering, if relevant, the estimated reserves on specific contracts that include estimation uncertainty based on the nature of the contract, and

o 

evaluating the Company s assessment of contract performance risks included within the estimated days to complete.

/s/ 

(Formerly Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP)

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019.

PCAOB ID 6651 

April 27 2023

17 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

December 31,

2022 

2021 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Short-term financial instruments

Short-term loan receivable

Accounts receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 
 and , respectively

Deferred tax assets - current

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Current assets of discontinued operations 

Total current assets

Non-current assets:

Investments

Property and equipment, net

Intangible assets, net

Deposits

Deferred tax assets - non current

Non-current assets of discontinued operations 

Total non-current assets

Total Assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses and other

Value added tax payable

Income tax payable

Short-term loan payable

Government grants outstanding for usage of future projects

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders Equity

Common stock - par value; authorized shares; 
 shares and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Treasury stock

Additional paid-in-capital

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Accumulated retained earnings

Total company stockholders equity

Preferred stock (I-ON Korea and eformworks) - par value; authorized shares; share issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December
 31, 2021

Non-controlling interests

Total stockholders equity

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

18 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

Net sales

Cost of goods sold

Gross profit

Operating expense

Income (loss) from operations

Other income (expense)

Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes, loss on equity investment, and non-controlling interest

Provision for (benefit from) income tax

Income (loss) from discontinued operations before loss on equity investment and non-controlling interest

Loss on equity investment

Income (loss) from discontinued operations before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest income (loss) from discontinued operations

Net income (loss) attributable to Parent Company from discontinued operations

Comprehensive income statement:

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations

Foreign currency translation loss

Total comprehensive income (loss) from discontinued operations

Basic earnings per share from continuing operations

Net loss before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest

Earnings per share to stockholders

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations

Net loss before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest

Earnings per share to stockholders

Basic earnings per share from discontinued operations

Net loss before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest

Earnings per share to stockholders

Diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations

Net loss before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest

Earnings per share to stockholders

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

19 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of
 Stockholders 
 Equity

Common Stock

Shares

Amount

Additional Paid-In Capital

Retained Earnings

Treasury Stock

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Total Company Stockholders' Equity

Non-Controlling Interest

Preferred Stock

Total Stockholders' Equity

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of preferred stock

Foreign currency translation

- 

Net income (loss) 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Cancellation of common stock in connection with equity purchase

Adjustment from deconsolidation

Foreign currency translation

- 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

20 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Year ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income (loss) 

Less: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from discontinued operations

Total net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations

Total net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities from discontinued operations

Total net cash used in financing activities

Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash, beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash, end of period

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Continuing operations:

Interest paid

Taxes paid

Discontinued operations:

Interest paid

Taxes paid

Significant noncash items:

Cancellation of common stocks

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

21 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

on August 1, 2021 and on September 30, 2022 to e.Form to subscribe for its founders shares and owns of the outstanding capital stock of e.Form. 

to EIPGRID to subscribe for its founders shares, and considered a subsidiary to consolidate. 

shares of the Company s
 Common Stock held by Jae Cheol Oh and Hong Rae Kim, the Company s principal executive officer and members of the Board of Directors (the Sell-Off ). Pursuant to the Sell-Off Agreement, in addition to acquiring all of the outstanding
 capital stock of Communications, JFJ assumed all responsibilities for any debts, obligations and liabilities of Communications and acquire all rights to any assets of Communications, including, but not limited to, the Subscription Amount. 

22 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

revenues since the Sell-off of its subsidiaries in September 2022. As
 of December 31, 2022, the Company has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s
 ability to continue as a going concern.

and JPY per
 KRW, respectively. The average exchange rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was JPY and JPY per KRW, respectively.

and KRW per US Dollar, respectively. The average exchange rate for the nine months ended December 31, 2022 and
 2021 was KRW and KRW , respectively.

23 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years 

Automobile

years

Office equipment

years

24 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years

Intangible assets excluding development costs

years

Other Intangible assets

to years

of service are entitled to receive a lump-sum payment upon termination of their employment, based on their length of service and rate of
 pay at the time of termination. Accrued severance benefits represent an amount which would be payable assuming all eligible employees and directors were to terminate their employment as of the balance sheet date. The annual severance benefits
 expense charged to operations is calculated based upon the net change in the accrued severance benefits payable at the balance sheet date based on the guidance of FASB ASC 960, Accounting Defined Benefit
 Pension Plans .

25 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

26 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

.

27 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Jae Cheol Oh and Hong Rae Kim, the Company s principal executive officer and members of the
 Board of Directors (the Sell-Off . Pursuant to the Sell-Off Agreement, in addition to acquiring all of the outstanding capital stock of Communications, JFJ will assume all responsibilities for any debts, obligations and liabilities of
 Communications and acquire all rights to any assets of Communications.

Operating costs and expenses

Income (loss) from operations before other income and income taxes

Other income (loss)

Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes, loss on equity investment, and non-controlling interest

Income tax

Income (loss) from discontinued operations before loss on equity investment and non-controlling interest

Loss on equity investment

Income (loss) from discontinued operations before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest income (loss) from discontinued operations

Net income (loss) attributable to Parent Company from discontinued operations

Comprehensive income statement 

Net income (loss)from discontinued operations 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Total comprehensive income (loss) from discontinued operations 

28 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Restricted cash

Short-term financial instruments

Short-term loan receivable

Accounts receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 
 and , respectively

Deferred tax assets - current

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets of discontinued operations

Investments

Property and equipment, net

Intangible assets, net

Deposits

Deferred tax assets non-current

Total non-current assets of discontinued operations

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses and other

Value added tax payable

Income tax payable

Short-term loan payable

Government grants outstanding for usage of future projects

Total current liabilities of discontinued operations

Net income (loss) from continuing operations

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding:

Basic

Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents arising from share option, excluding antidilutive
 effect from loss

Dilutive shares

Net income (loss) from continuing operations:

Earnings per share - Basic

Net income (loss) before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest

Earnings per share to stockholders

Earnings per share - Diluted

Net income (loss) before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest

Earnings per share to stockholders

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations:

Earnings per share - Basic

Net income (loss) before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest

Earnings per share to stockholders

Earnings per share - Diluted

Net income (loss) before non-controlling interest

Non-controlling interest

Earnings per share to stockholders

non-vested share awards or non-vested share
 unit awards were dilutive for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

29 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million of total assets and 
 million of total liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet. As part of deconsolidation, we removed the balance of
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss) which contains million of foreign currency translation gain related to the Sell-Off
 companies. Those assets and liabilities were owned by Communications or Communications subsidiaries, such as I-ON, Ltd (Japanese subsidiary), eformworks Co., Ltd. (Korean subsidiary) and EIPGRID (Korean subsidiary). As a result of the
 Sell-Off Agreement, all assets and liabilities were transferred to JFJ.

approximately of total
 outstanding shares, to the Company in exchange for the transfer of all outstanding equity of Communications to JFJ. Stock price on September 29, 2022 was ;
 therefore, the fair market value the proceeds was which was calculated by multiplying the number of shares transferred to the
 stock price on September 29, 2022.

30 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of a newly created Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Preferred for proceeds in the amount of ,000 (the
 Subscription Amount in the form of a promissory note (the Note which is secured by the pledge of the Series A Shares, the Series B Shares (as defined herein) and other assets of IAC in a Stock Pledge and Escrow Agreement (the Pledge
 Agreement ). The Purchase Agreement was subsequently amended to include the subscription for Series A Shares. Each Series A
 Preferred Share is convertible into Ten Thousand ) shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and is entitled to vote on matters as to which holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote at a rate
 of Ten Thousand ) votes per share of Series A Preferred.

workstations, empowered by the Nodalium Enterprise Workflow/ Intelligent Automation
 Platform. The enterprise software platform solution features Nodalium s Digital Trust product suite. I-ON Acquisition paid an upfront price of ,
 or per workstation, plus a one-time setup and registration fee of for combined transaction amount of .

31 

Table of Contents 

I-ON Digital Corp. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Orebits Gold-Backed Digital Assets (technically, 179.9742). Pursuant to the terms of the original transaction, the seller, an unrelated third-private party (as trustee), agreed to sell the Orebits Gold-Backed Digital Assets in exchange for a combination of cash
 and marketable securities. In acquiring the contractual rights I-ON will pay combination of in cash and the equivalent of in I-ON Digital Corp shares of the Company s common stock. As calculated, this equates to shares of I-ON Digital common stock at the previously published price of to be issued to the original seller.

Orebits will be central to an asset digitization beta project involving the I-ON Digital Blockchain Platform, now under construction by I-ON Digital and technology
 partner INSTRUXI.

32 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to
 ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
 controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
 to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
 our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be
 disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. The Company had no audit committee. Such officer also confirmed
 that there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year period ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
 reporting.

ITEM 9B. Other Information 

The Company entered into a technology Licensing Agreement with I-ON Acquisition Corp. IAC on March 30,
 2023. Under the terms and conditions of the Company s precedent I-ON Digital Nodalium Inc. Channel Partnership Master Agreement, the Company has formally granted I-ON Acquisition Corp. full use and access, specifically licensing up to 65
 workstations, empowered by the Nodalium Enterprise Workflow/ Intelligent Automation Platform. The enterprise software platform solution features Nodalium s Digital Trust product suite. I-ON Acquisition paid an upfront price of 110,500, or 1,700
 per workstation, plus a one-time setup and registration fee of 20,000 for combined transaction amount of 130,500.

The Company has reached an agreement in principle to purchase rights to an existing Asset Exchange Agreement
 involving the prior arms-length purchase by Orebits Acquisition Group and IAC involving ownership rights to 180 Orebits Gold-Backed Digital Assets (technically, 179.9742). Pursuant to the terms of the original 335,700 transaction, the seller,
 an unrelated third-private party (as trustee), agreed to sell the Orebits Gold-Backed Digital Assets in exchange for a combination of cash and marketable securities. In acquiring the contractual rights I-ON will pay combination of 8 5 ,700 in cash and the equivalent of 250,000 in I-ON Digital Corp shares of the Company s common stock. As calculated, this equates to 1,136,363.64 shares of I-ON Digital common
 stock at the previously published price of 0.22 to be issued to the original seller.

The subject 180 Orebits will be central to an asset digitization beta project involving the I-ON Digital Blockchain Platform, now under construction
 by I-ON Digital and technology partner INSTRUXI.

All of the securities referred to above were offered and sold without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
 Act in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as provided in Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and/or Regulations promulgated thereunder. The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any
 other applicable securities laws, and unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

33 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The table below lists all current officers and directors of the Company as of the date of this report. All officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The term of office of each of
 our directors expire at our next Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

Name

Age

Position

Charles X. Montoya 

64 

Director, President 

Rod Smith 

67 

Secretary 

Carlos X. Montoya , 64, the former President and CEO of Republic Bank of Chicago (current assets: 2.2B), is the Founder and Managing
 Member of Tall Ship Resource Development LLC and its affiliate, Tall Ship Partners Fund, LLC (www.tallshippartnersfund.com) each is engaged in the development of U.S. and global markets, product service enhancements, and expanded asset
 circulation opportunities for the Orebits Digital Asset. Mr. Montoya also serves as the Manager and Founder of MCM Advisors, LLC, a Bank and Financial Service-Bureau platform specializing in institutional level Banking, Capital and Strategic
 Advisory services. MCM is recognized for achieving several marketplace firsts in establishing an institutional-level Financial Ecosystem for the Orebits Digital Asset, incorporating a highly-secure Distributed Ledger Platform with Global Custody
 Treasury Management Services enabled by a Blockchain interface for institutional level transaction capture, monitoring and reporting.

Rod Smith , 67, has amassed extensive executive leadership, market development expertise, and acumen along his entrepreneurial path,
 including negotiating and closing multi-million-dollar commercial real estate transactions and serving as the Founder and CEO of a public company that became a billion-dollar company.

Code of Ethics

As part of our system of corporate governance, the Company adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code for directors and executive officers of the Company. This
 Code is intended to focus each director and executive officer on areas of ethical risk, provide guidance to directors and executive officer to help them recognize and deal with ethical issues, provide mechanisms to report unethical conduct, and
 help foster a culture of honesty and accountability. Each director and executive officer must comply with the letter and spirit of this Code. We intend to disclose any changes in or waivers from our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our
 Code of Ethics for Financial Executives by filing a Form 8-K or by posting such information on our website.

34 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following tables list the compensation of the Company s principal executive officers and board members for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021. The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, the number of non-qualified Company Options granted and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred.

Name and

 Principal

 Position

Year

Salary

 )

Option

 Awards

All 

 Other

 Comp.

 )

Total

 )

Carlos X. Montoya Director, President(1)

2022

Rod Smith Secretary(1)

2022

Jae Cheol Oh, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer (2)

2022

88,166

-

-

-

-

-

-

88,166

2021

85,928

-

-

-

-

-

-

85,928

Hong Rae Kim, Director (2)

2022

90,001

-

-

-

-

-

-

90,001

2021

79,022

-

-

-

-

-

-

79,022

Jae Ho Cho, Director (2)

2022

104,157

-

-

-

-

-

104,157

2021 

83,132

-

-

-

-

-

-

83,132

Eugene Hong, Director (3)

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2021 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Jean Koh, Director (3)

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2021 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Charlie Baik, Director (3)

2022

5,242

-

-

-

-

-

-

5,242

2021 

5,084

-

-

-

-

-

-

5,084

(1) Appointed February 1, 2023.

(2) Appointed January 25, 2018, resigned February 1, 2023.

(3) Appointed August 10, 2018, resigned February 1, 2023.

Compensation of Directors 

Option Grants Table 

There were no individual grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table through to date.

Aggregated Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table 

There were no stock options exercised during periods ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by the executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table.

Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP Awards Table 

There were no awards made to a named executive officer in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP.

Compensation Arrangements with Executive Management 

There were no compensation contracts for any of the executives of the Company at the end of December 31, 2022.

35 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The following tables set forth, as of the date of this Annual Report, the beneficial ownership of Common Stock for: (1) each director currently serving on our Board of Directors (2) each of our
 named executive officers (3) our directors and executive officers as a group and (3) each person known to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. As of April 27, 2023, there were 20,994,242
 shares of Common Stock outstanding. Except as otherwise noted, each stockholder has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock,
 except as otherwise indicated.

Shareholder (1)

Beneficial

 Ownership

Percent of

 Class (2)

Carlos X. Montoya

Rod Smith

Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons)

(1) The address for all officers, directors and beneficial owners is 1244 N. Stone Street, Unit #3, Chicago, Illinois 60610.

(2) Does not include the 36,000,000 shares of Common Stock underlying the conversion of 3,600 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share which is convertible into
 Common Stock at the rate of ten thousand (10,000) per share, held by I-ON Acquisition Corp., over which Mr. Montoya holds voting and dispositive control.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The Company receives loan guarantees from the chief executive officer with regards to its long-term borrowing, and the Company s restricted cash provided as collateral to the Company s chief
 executive officer s loans.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Audit and Non-Audit Fees 

The following table sets forth the fees for professional audit services and the fees billed for other services rendered by our auditors, in
 connection with the audit of our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 ,
 and any other fees billed for services rendered by our auditors during these periods.

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2022 )

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2021 )

Audit fees

74,000 

75,000

Audit-related fees

0

-0-

Tax fees

8,000

All other fees

0

-0-

Total

74,000 

82 ,000

Since our inception, our Board of Directors, performing the duties of the audit committee, has reviewed all audit and non-audit related fees at least annually. The Board, acting as the audit
 committee, pre-approved all audit related services for the year ended December 31, 2022.

36 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Number

Description

2.1 

Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization among Evans Brewing Company, Inc., I-ON Digital Corp.., I-ON Acquisition Corp. and I-on Digital, Ltd. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 26, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference)

2.2 

Spin-Off Agreement among Evans Brewing Company, Inc., Michael J. Rapport Trust, Evans Brewing Company, Inc. and EBC Public House, Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 1, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on July 3, 2013, and incorporated herein by
 reference)

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 22, 2014, and incorporated herein by
 reference)

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 23, 2015, and incorporated herein by
 reference)

3.4 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 1, 2018, and incorporated herein by
 reference)

3.5 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 3, 2019, and incorporated herein by
 reference)

3.6 

By-laws of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on July 3, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference)

4.2 

Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
 December 15, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference)

4.3 

Convertible Note Debenture in favor of Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P., due August 13, 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August
 28, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

4.4 

Common Stock Purchase Warrant of Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 28, 2018, and incorporated
 herein by reference)

10.1 

Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 28,
 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.2 

Equity Purchase Agreement between the Company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 28, 2018,
 and incorporated herein by reference)

10.3 

Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 28,
 2018, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.4 

Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 4,
 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

10.5 

Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q, filed on November 15, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference)

37 

Table of Contents 

10.6 

Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 15, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.6 

Series A Preferred Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 28 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.7 

Series B Preferred Securities Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 28 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.8 

Promissory Note dated September 28, 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.9 

Stock Pledge and Escrow Agreement dated September 28, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.10 

Equity Transfer Agreement among I-ON Digital Corp., I-On Communications Co., Ltd. and JFJ Digital Corp. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

14.1 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (previously filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on
 September 27, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference)

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive and Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, as amended 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH

XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL

XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF

XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB

XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE

XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

Furnished herewith.

Filed herewith.

38 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 27, 2023

I-ON DIGITAL CORP.

By:

/s/ Carlos X. Montoya 

Name: Carlos X. Montoya

Title:

Chairman, President

 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)

39 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 brhc20051491_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiaries

Ownership

I-ON Communications Co., Ltd., (Korean Company)

100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc20051491_ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

 I-ON DIGITAL CORP.

 CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 I, Carlos X. Montoya, certify that:

1) 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of I-ON Digital Corp.;

2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4) 
 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5) 
 
 I have disclosed, based on the registrant s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

DATE

/s/ Carlos X. Montoya

April 27, 2023

Carlos X. Montoya

Chairman, President (Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brhc20051491_ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

 I-ON DIGITAL CORP.

 CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of I-ON DIGITAL CORP. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carlos X. Montoya, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended; and

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
 results of operations of the Company.

DATE

/s/ Carlos X. Montoya 

April 27, 2023

Carlos X. Montoya

Chairman, President (Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ioni-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ioni-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ioni-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ioni-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ioni-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

