<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230412_10-K_edgar_data_1864531_0001104659-23-044299.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6451795</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>259563</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1098885</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1808356</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1334882</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1821822</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-044299.hdr.sgml : 20230412
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230412072036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-044299
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230412
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230412

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001864531
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				862970927
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41015
		FILM NUMBER:		23814617

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		980 N FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		#304
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5616727068

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		980 N FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		#304
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-044299.txt : 20230412

10-K
 1
 dhacu-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM-10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to ________________ Commission file number: 001 - 41015 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The LLC The LLC The LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . As of April 7, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Page PART I 4 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 6 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 6 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 6 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 6 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 6 PART II 7 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 7 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 8 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 8 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 19 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 19 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 19 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 19 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 20 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 20 PART III 20 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 20 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 24 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 24 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 25 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 28 PART IV 29 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 29 CERTAIN TERMS References to the Company, DHAC, our, us or we refer to Digital Health Acquisition Corp., a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on March 30, 2021. References to our Sponsor refer to Digital Health Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our IPO refer to the initial public offering of Digital Health Acquisition Corp., which closed on November 8, 2021. 

Table of Contents 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: ability to complete our initial business combination; success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; the lack of a market for our securities; use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or financial performance following our IPO. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the initial business combination ). Our Sponsor is Digital Health Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor ). While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic region, we intend to focus on established, technology and healthcare focused businesses that have an aggregate enterprise value of approximately 175 million to 500 million and would benefit from access to public markets and the operational and strategic expertise of our management team and board of directors. We will seek to capitalize on the significant experience of our management team in consummating an initial business combination with the ultimate goal of pursuing attractive returns for our stockholders. The Registration Statement for our initial public offering was declared effective on November 3, 2021 (the Initial Public Offering, or IPO ). On November 8, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units (the Units at 10.00 per Unit including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000, and incurring transaction costs of approximately 6,877,164, consisting of 1,955,000 of underwriting fees, 4,370,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 552,164 of other offering costs. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we completed the private sale of 557,000 Units (the Private Placement Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit (the Private Placement ), to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 5,570,000. Approximately 116,725,000 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of one hundred eighty-five (185) days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as otherwise permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we withdrew 110,472,254 from the Trust Account as a result of an aggregate of 10,805,877 shares of our common stock redeemed on October 20, 2022. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within twelve (12) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. On October 26, 2022, in connection with the approval of the extension, the Sponsor deposited 350,000 into the Trust Account for the first three-month extension, as such as of December 31, 2022 the amount in trust is anticipated to be 10.65 per public share. On February 2, 2023 we announced a second extension of the date by which we have to consummate a business combination from February 8, 2023 to May 8, 2023 (as extended, the Combination Period ). The February extension is the first of three additional three-month extensions permitted under the governing documents and provides us with additional time to complete its initial business combination. In connection with such stockholder vote, an aggregate of 10,805,877 shares our common stock were redeemed. Our Company We are a blank check company recently incorporated as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to 
 - 4 - 

Table of Contents 
 organizational activities as well as activities related to the IPO and search for an initial business combination target. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business are be limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on transactions with companies and assets which are technology-focused and positioned in the healthcare industry. As of the date of the report, we have not entered into a business combination agreement with any specific business combination target.. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic region, we intend to focus on established, technology and healthcare focused businesses that have an aggregate enterprise value of approximately 175 million to 500 million and would benefit from access to public markets and the operational and strategic expertise of our management team and board of directors. We will seek to capitalize on the significant experience of our management team in consummating an initial business combination with the ultimate goal of pursuing attractive returns for our stockholders. Our Management Team Our management team is led by Scott Wolf, our Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Secretary and Chairman, Daniel Sullivan, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as our Board of Directors, all of whom have extensive experience in healthcare, medical technology and healthcare services. Scott Wolf is a prolific medical device entrepreneur across a broad range of therapeutic areas. Dr. Wolf founded Aerin Medical to create non-surgical therapies to meet the enormous need of patients with the most common nasal airway problems, including nasal obstruction. Prior to founding Aerin Medical, he founded Zeltiq Aesthetics, the maker of CoolSculpting, the leading non-invasive method of fat reduction for bodysculpting. Dr. Wolf s other startups include Endogastric Solutions and Cardiac Dimensions. He was previously a partner at Prospect Venture Partners and a vice-president at Frazier Healthcare Ventures, both leading life science venture capital firms. Dr. Wolf received his M.D. from George Washington University and his B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania. Daniel Sullivan has been the President of PCN Enterprises, Inc. since 2003, which provides accounting related consulting services to public companies. He is also CFO for Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. Mr. Sullivan received his B.S in accounting from the University of Massachusetts and an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University. We believe we will greatly benefit from the experiences of our executive officers and directors as we seek to identify and consummate an initial business combination. Our team has extensive experience in the financial services sector as investors, managers, principals, advisors or directors of companies operating in the healthcare and technology sectors. They also have extensive experience in identifying, negotiating with and conducting due diligence on companies targeted for acquisition and consummating acquisitions in the healthcare and technology sectors. Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we intend to leverage the industry experience of our executive officers and board, including their extensive contacts, relationships and access to acquisition opportunities in telehealth. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee of success with respect to locating a target business to acquire or any business combination we may consummate. The past performance of the members of our management team or their affiliates is not a guarantee that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team or any of its affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that we acquire a target 
 - 5 - 

Table of Contents 
 business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights and the number of our outstanding warrants and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Employees We currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently maintain our executive offices at 980 N Federal Hwy #304, Boca Raton, FL 33432. An affiliate of our sponsor is making this space available to us as part of a monthly administrative fee of 10,000. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. Except as disclosed below, we are also not aware of any other legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. On September 26, 2022, the Company was notified of a lawsuit filed against the Company. The plaintiff s claims arose out of an alleged breach of a purported employment agreement with iDoc and VSee that was to become DHAC s obligation at the closing of the business combination, and the plaintiff s alleged wrongful termination related thereto. The plaintiff sought unpaid compensation, back and front pay, compensatory damages, unreimbursed business expenses, an award equal to alleged promised stock, an award of prejudgment and post judgment interest, punitive damages, and taxable costs and reasonable attorneys fees. The lawsuit is currently pending before the Superior Court of the State of Arizona in and for the County of Maricopa. The parties began engaging in settlement discussions shortly after the complaint was served. The Company has not appeared in the action, but denies liability. On February 1, 2023, the parties came to a global resolution and executed a confidential settlement agreement. On February 3, 2023, plaintiff s counsel filed a notice of settlement with the court, requesting that the matter be placed on the inactive calendar for at least 30 days to allow the parties time to effectuate the terms of the settlement agreement. The parties filed a stipulation to dismiss the entire case with prejudice on April 7, 2023. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 
 - 6 - 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our units began to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol DHACU on or about November 4, 2021, and the shares of common stock and warrants began separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols DHAC and DHACW, respectively, on or about December 30, 2021. Holders of Record As of April 7, 2023, there were 4,176,123 of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 14 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales Except as disclosed below, there were no unregistered securities to report which have not been previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. On February 14, 2023, we issued 20,000 shares of our common stock in connection with a settlement agreement. Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings On November 8, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 Units, including 1,500,000 over-allotment units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. A.G.P./ Alliance Global Partners, acted as the sole book running manager for the Initial Public Offering. The securities sold in the Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333- 260232). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on November 3, 2021. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 557,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement with our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,570,000. As of November 8, 2021, we received 3,680,000 from the proceeds of the Private Placement and recorded 1,890,000 in subscription receivable. The Sponsor paid the subscription in full on November 12, 2021. In connection with the Initial Public Offering, we incurred offering cost of approximately 6,877,164 (including 1,955,000 of underwriting fees, 4,370,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 552,164 of other offering costs.) Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination, 
 - 7 - 

Table of Contents 
 if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, approximately 116,725,000 of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the Private Placement Units was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units are held in the Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On October 26, 2022, in connection with the approval of the extension, the Sponsor deposited 350,000 into the Trust Account for the first three-month extension, as such as of December 31, 2022 the amount in the Trust Account is anticipated to be 10.65 per public share. On February 2, 2023 we announced a second extension of the date by which we have to consummate a business combination from February 8, 2023 to May 8, 2023 (as extended, the Combination Period ). The February extension is the first of three additional three-month extensions permitted under the governing documents and provides us with additional time to complete our initial business combination. In connection with such stockholder vote, an aggregate of 10,805,877 shares of our common stock were redeemed, and we withdrew 110,472,254 from the Trust Account as a result of such redemption. There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in our final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering. For a description of the use of proceeds generated from the Initial Public Offering, see Item 1 Business. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the initial business combination ). Our Sponsor is Digital Health Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor ). While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic region, we intend to focus on established, technology and healthcare focused businesses that would benefit from access to public markets and the operational and strategic expertise of our management team and board of directors. We will seek to capitalize on the significant experience of our management team in consummating an initial business combination with the ultimate goal of pursuing attractive returns for our stockholders. The Registration Statement for our initial public offering was declared effective on November 3, 2021 (the Initial Public Offering, or IPO ). On November 8, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units (the Units at 10.00 per Unit including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000, and incurring transaction costs of 6,877,164, consisting of 1,955,000 of underwriting fees, 4,370,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 552,164 of other offering costs. On October 20, 2022 in connection with our stockholders meeting to approve the extension, 10,805,877 shares of our common stock were redeemed leaving 694,123 shares subject to redemption. In connection with the redemption we withdrew 110,472,254 from the Trust Account. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we completed the private sale of 557,000 Units (the Private Placement Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit (the Private Placement ), to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 5,570,000. 
 - 8 - 

Table of Contents 
 Approximately 116,725,000 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of one hundred eighty-five (185) days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as otherwise permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the approved extension time (currently through May 8, 2023, as it may be extended in accordance with our organizational documents) we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Business Combination Agreement On June 15, 2022, Digital Health Acquisition Corp DHAC entered into a Business Combination Agreement with Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc. On August 9, 2022, DHAC, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc entered into the First Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement to provide for the concurrent execution of financing documents for a PIPE consisting of convertible notes and warrants and delivery of the Cassel Salpeter s opinion to the Board. On October 6, 2022, DHAC, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc entered into the Second Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement to make the consideration payable to VSee and iDoc stockholders as100 in DHAC common stock and to provide for the concurrent execution of amended PIPE Financing documents providing for the issuance of the PIPE Shares and the PIPE Warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination by and among DHAC, VSee and iDoc will be effected through the merger of Merger Sub I with and into VSee, with VSee surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of DHAC and the merger of Merger Sub II with and into iDoc, with iDoc surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of DHAC. The Board of Directors of DHAC (the Board has (i) approved and declared advisable the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination and the other transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Business Combination Agreement and related matters by the stockholders of DHAC. The Merger Consideration The Business Combination combined equity value of VSee and iDoc is 110 million. At the Closing, each of VSee and iDoc will convert each share of VSee and iDoc capital stock (excluding shares of the holders who perfect rights of appraisal under Delaware or Texas law, as the case may be) into the right to receive the applicable merger consideration as further described below. VSee Merger Consideration The aggregate merger consideration that the holders of VSee Stock as of the Effective Time are entitled to receive in the Business Combination, referred to as the VSee Closing Consideration, is an amount equal to (1) 60,500,000, minus (2) an amount equal to the Effective Time Option Grants by 10, minus (3) the aggregate amount of VSee s transaction expenses. Effective Time Option Grants refers to the stock options with an exercise price of 10 per share pursuant to the Incentive Plan to the individuals, in the amounts, and on the terms set forth on Exhibit E to the Business Combination Agreement. 100 of the VSee Closing Consideration will be paid in shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and subject to deductions for the VSee Indemnity Escrow Amount as described below. The VSee Per Share Consideration refers to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (a) (1) the VSee Closing Consideration, divided by (2) the total number of VSee Outstanding Shares, divided by (b) 10. VSee Outstanding Shares refers to the total number of shares of VSee Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, expressed on a fully-diluted and as-converted to VSee Common Stock basis, and including, without limitation or duplication, the number of shares of VSee Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the VSee Preferred Stock. 
 - 9 - 

Table of Contents 
 Aggregate Transaction Proceeds refers to an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate cash proceeds available for release from the Trust Account in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (after, for the avoidance of doubt, giving effect to all of the redemptions of the Public Shares) and (ii)the Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds iDoc Merger Consideration The aggregate merger consideration that the holders of iDoc Stock as of the Effective Time are entitled to receive in the Business Combination, referred to as the iDoc Closing Consideration, is an amount equal to (1) 49,500,000, minus (2) the aggregate amount of iDoc s transaction expenses. 100 of the iDoc Closing Consideration will be paid in shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and subject to deductions for the iDoc Indemnity Escrow Amount as described below. The iDoc Per Share Consideration refers to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (a) (1) the iDoc Closing Consideration, divided by (2) the total number of iDoc Outstanding Shares, divided by (b) 10. iDoc Outstanding Shares refers to the total number of shares of iDoc Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, expressed on a fully-diluted and as-converted to iDoc Common Stock basis. Results of Operations Our entire activity from inception to December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our formation, our initial public offering, and since the closing of our initial public offering, a search for business combination candidates. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in trust account. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 3,242,501 which consisted of 3,594,967 in formation and operational costs and provision for incomes taxes of 187,225, a change in fair value of Bridge Note - Bifurcated Derivative of 86,307, a change in fair value of the PIPE Forward Contract Derivative of 170,666 and interest expenses on bridge note of 125,980, partially offset by income from our investments held in the Trust Account of 922,644. For the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 280,701 which consisted of approximately 282,671 in formation and operational costs, partially offset by income from our investments held in the Trust Account of approximately 1,970. 
 - 10 - 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 106,998 in cash and no cash equivalents. Our liquidity needs up to the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through receipt of a 25,000 capital contribution from our Sponsor and certain of our executive officers, directors, and advisors in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares, and loans from our Sponsor for an aggregate amount of 602,720 to cover organizational expenses and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to promissory notes (the Notes ). On November 8, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 Units, including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we completed the private sale of 557,000 Units (the Private Placement Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit (the Private Placement ), to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,570,000. As of November 8, 2021, we received 3,680,000 from the proceeds of the Private Placement and recorded 1,890,000 in subscription receivable. The Sponsor paid the subscription in full on November 12, 2021. Following the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, a total of 116,725,000 was placed in the Trust Account and we had 9,478 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering, and available for working capital purposes. We incurred 6,877,164 in transaction costs, consisting of 1,955,000 of underwriting fees, 4,370,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 552,164 of other offering costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we withdrew 110,472,254 as a result of an aggregate of 10,805,877 shares of common stock redeemed on October 20, 2022. On October 6, 2022, in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, DHAC, VSee and iDoc entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor, who is also an investor in our Sponsor, pursuant to which DHAC, VSee and iDoc each issued and sold to such investor 10 original issue discount senior secured promissory notes due October 5, 2023 in the aggregate principal amount of 2,222,222 (the Bridge Notes ). 888,889 of the Bridge Note was allocated to DHAC. The Bridge Notes will be assumed by DHAC in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The Bridge Notes bear guaranteed interest at a rate of 10.00 per annum. In connection with the purchase of the Bridge Notes, DHAC issued the investor (i) 173,913 warrants, each representing the right to purchase one share of DHAC common stock at an initial exercise price of 11.50, subject to certain adjustments (the Bridge Warrants and (ii) 30,000 shares of DHAC common stock as additional consideration for the purchase of the Bridge Notes and Bridge Warrants. If the PIPE Financing closes in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, 110 of all unpaid principal under the Bridge Notes and guaranteed interest of 10 are due and payable at the closing of the PIPE Financing. DHAC as a result received 738,200 in proceeds for working capital purposes. On October 26, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 350,000 to Digital Health Sponsor LLC, the Company s sponsor. The Company deposited to the trust account all of the loan amount and extended the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination from November 8, 2022 to February 8, 2023. The promissory note does not bear interest and will be repaid only upon closing of a business combination by the Company. In January 2023, SCS Capital LLC issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 250,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and shall be used to pay for general operating expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,391,213. Net loss of 3,242,501 was primarily comprised of change in fair value of bride note bifurcated derivative of 86,307, change in fair value of PIPE forward contract derivative of 170,666, and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 922,644. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 2,516,959 of cash for operating activities. For the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 605,113. Net loss of 280,701 was primarily comprised of operating costs paid through promissory note of 5,000 and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 1,970. Further, the change in prepaid insurance and accounts payable and accrued expenses used net cash of 317,442. We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to affect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any 
 - 11 - 

Table of Contents 
 other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research, and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. In addition, in the short term and long term, in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Liquidity and Going Concern We may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or its stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers and directors and the Sponsor may but are not obligated to (except as described above), loan us funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Based on the foregoing, we believes we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the our directors to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or at least one year from the date that the consolidated financial statements were issued. As of December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of 106,998 and a working capital deficiency of 3,056,596 net of 132,020 of allowable interest withdraws from trust to cover income and franchise taxes. In addition, in connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , our management has determined that the liquidity, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities of the Company as of December 31, 2022. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than as described below. IPO Registration Rights The holders of our founder shares which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, as well as the holders of the private placement units (and underlying securities), will be entitled to customary registration rights pursuant to an agreement to registration rights agreement. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of these securities can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time on or after the date we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement and Deferred Underwriting Commission We paid an underwriting discount of 0.17 per Unit, or 1,955,000 in the aggregate, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional fee equal to 3.8 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 4,370,000, will be payable to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Representative as a deferred underwriting commission in connection with the business combination. This deferred underwriting commission will become payable to the Representative from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement dated November 3, 2021. The Company executed a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Series B Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2022 with A.G.P. whereby A.G.P. subscribed for and will purchase, and we will issue and sell, at the closing of the Business Combination, 4,370 shares of Series B Preferred Stock Series B Shares convertible into shares of common stock. The purchase price for the Series B Shares will be paid by conversion of A.G.P. s 4,370,000 deferred underwriting fee into such Series B Shares. The Certificate of Designation of the Series B Preferred Stock establishes the terms and conditions of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 - 12 - 

Table of Contents 
 Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on The Nasdaq Global Market and continuing until the earlier of our consummation of an initial business combination or our liquidation, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services, subject to deferral until consummation of our initial business combination. We recorded administrative services expenses of 120,000 and 20,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. The Business Combination Agreement On June 15, 2022, Digital Health Acquisition Corp DHAC entered into a Business Combination Agreement, with Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc. On August 9, 2022, DHAC, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc entered into the First Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement to provide for the concurrent execution of financing documents for a PIPE consisting of convertible notes and warrants and delivery of the Cassel Salpeter s opinion to the Board. On October 6, 2022, DHAC, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc entered into the Business Combination Agreement to make the consideration payable to VSee and iDoc stockholders 100 DHAC common stock and to provide for the concurrent execution of amended PIPE Financing documents providing for the issuance of the PIPE Shares and the PIPE Warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement ), a business combination by and among DHAC, VSee and iDoc will be effected through the merger of Merger Sub I with and into VSee, with VSee surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of DHAC and the merger of Merger Sub II with and into iDoc, with iDoc surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of DHAC. The Board of Directors of DHAC (the Board has (i) approved and declared advisable the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination and the other transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Business Combination Agreement and related matters by the stockholders of DHAC. The Merger Consideration The Business Combination combined equity value of VSee and iDoc is 110 million. At the Closing, each of VSee and iDoc will convert each share of VSee and iDoc capital stock (excluding shares of the holders who perfect rights of appraisal under Delaware or Texas law, as the case may be) into the right to receive the applicable merger consideration as further described below. VSee Merger Consideration The aggregate merger consideration that the holders of VSee Stock as of the Effective Time are entitled to receive in the Business Combination, referred to as the VSee Closing Consideration, is an amount equal to (1) 60,500,000, minus (2) an amount equal to the Effective Time Option Grants multiplied by 10, minus (3) the aggregate amount of VSee s transaction expenses. Effective Time Option Grants refers to the stock options with an exercise price of 10 per share pursuant to the Incentive Plan to the individuals, in the amounts, and on the terms set forth on Exhibit E to the Business Combination Agreement. 100 of the VSee Closing Consideration will be paid in shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and subject to deductions for the VSee Indemnity Escrow Amount as described below. The VSee Per Share Consideration refers to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (a) (1) the VSee Closing Consideration, divided by (2) the total number of VSee Outstanding Shares, divided by (b) 10. VSee Outstanding Shares refers to the total number of shares of VSee Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, expressed on a fully-diluted and as-converted to VSee Common Stock basis, and including, without limitation or duplication, the number of shares of VSee Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the VSee Preferred Stock. Aggregate Transaction Proceeds refers to an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate cash proceeds available for release from the Trust Account in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (after, for the avoidance of doubt, giving effect to all of the redemptions of the Public Shares) and (ii) the Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds. iDoc Merger Consideration The aggregate merger consideration that the holders of iDoc Stock as of the Effective Time are entitled to receive in the Business Combination, referred to as the iDoc Closing Consideration, is an amount equal to (1) 49,500,000, minus (2) the aggregate amount of iDoc s transaction expenses. 100 of the iDoc Closing Consideration will be paid in shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and subject to deductions for the iDoc Indemnity Escrow Amount as described below. The iDoc Per Share Consideration refers to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (a) (1) the iDoc 
 - 13 - 

Table of Contents 
 Closing Consideration, divided by (2) the total number of iDoc Outstanding Shares, divided by (b) 10. iDoc Outstanding Shares refers to the total number of shares of iDoc Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, expressed on a fully-diluted and as-converted to iDoc Common Stock basis. VSee Health, Inc. Incentive Plan DHAC has agreed to approve and adopt the VSee Health, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan to be effective as of one day prior to the closing Business Combination and in a form mutually acceptable to DHAC, VSee and iDoc. The Incentive Plan shall provide for an initial aggregate share reserve equal to 15 of the number of shares of DHAC Common Stock outstanding following the closing after giving effect to the Business Combination, including without limitation, the PIPE Financing. Subject to approval of the Incentive Plan by DHAC s Stockholders, DHAC has agreed to file a Form S-8 Registration Statement with the SEC following the Effective Time with respect to the shares of DHAC Common Stock issuable under the Incentive Plan. Conditions to Closing The obligations of DHAC, VSee and iDoc to consummate the Business Combination are subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (ii) the approval of DHAC s stockholders, (iii) the approval of VSee s stockholders, (iv) the approval of iDoc s stockholders and (v) after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including the PIPE Financing, DHAC having at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets immediately after the Effective Time and (vi) the delivery of applicable closing deliverables. In addition, the obligations of VSee and iDoc to consummate the Business Combination are subject to the fulfillment of other closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the approval by the Nasdaq Capital Market of DHAC s listing application in connection with the Business Combination and (ii) the DHAC board of directors consisting of the number of directors, and comprising the individuals, as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, DHAC executed an Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (as amended from time to time, the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 6, 2022 with certain PIPE Investors whereby the PIPE Investors subscribed for and will purchase, and DHAC will issue and sell, (i) 8,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock Initial PIPE Shares convertible into shares of DHAC common stock and (ii) warrants Initial PIPE Warrants exercisable for 424,000 shares of DHAC Common Stock (such transactions, the Initial PIPE Financing for aggregate proceeds of at least 8,000,000. The PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement also provides that at any time after the date of the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement and including (x) with respect to the PIPE Investors right to purchase Additional Offering Securities further to an Additional Offering (as each term is defined below) the earlier to occur of (I) the first anniversary of the date of the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement and (II) the date of the consummation of one or more Subsequent Placements (as defined in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement) with the PIPE Investors on terms identical to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement and the other PIPE Financing documents in all material respects with an aggregate purchase price of at least 10 million (the Additional Offering , and the securities thereof, the Additional Offering Securities and (y) with respect to Buyer s right to participate in a Subsequent Placement other than an Additional Offering the earlier to occur of (I) the initial date after the Closing that no PIPE Shares remain outstanding, and (II) the date of the consummation of a Subsequent Placement by the Company with gross proceeds, paid in cash, of at least 5,000,000, in either case, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, effect any Subsequent Placement unless the Company shall have first complied with the PIPE Investors participation right described herein and set forth in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement. With respect to (i) Additional Offerings, DHAC is required to offer 100 of the Additional Offering Securities to the PIPE Investors; and (ii) Subsequent Placements, DHAC is required to offer 25 of the Offered Securities to the PIPE Investors. On January 18, 2023 DHAC and the Sponsor, entered into a Backstop Agreement (the Backstop Agreement pursuant to which DHAC agreed to offer on or prior to the closing of the Business Combination the PIPE Investors the option to purchase up to an additional 2,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock initially convertible into 234,260 shares of DHAC common stock (the Additional PIPE Shares and together with the Initial PIPE Shares, the PIPE Shares ), together with additional warrants to purchase up to 106,000 shares of DHAC common stock (the Additional PIPE Warrants and together with the Initial PIPE Warrants, the PIPE Warrants the Additional PIPE Shares and Additional PIPE Warrants are referred to as the Additional PIPE Securities pursuant to 
 - 14 - 

Table of Contents 
 a participation right granted to the PIPE Investors under the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement, in each case, on the same terms and conditions set forth in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement for an aggregate purchase price of up to 2,000,000 (such proceeds together with the proceeds from the Initial PIPE Financing, as increased pursuant to the amendment to the Backstop Agreement described below, the Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds ). Pursuant to the Backstop Agreement, if the PIPE Investors do not elect to purchase all of the Additional PIPE Securities, our Sponsor has agreed to purchase any such unsubscribed Additional PIPE Securities concurrent with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement on the same terms and conditions set forth in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement. Effective March 31, 2023, the Sponsor and DHAC entered into an amendment to the Backstop Agreement to increase the Additional PIPE Shares that may be purchased pursuant to the Backstop Agreement from 2,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to 7,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, for an aggregate additional PIPE financing of up to 7,000,000, increasing the Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds to a total of 15,000,000. Also effective March 31, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement to, among other things, (a) amend and restate the form of Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock to provide the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issuable thereunder shall not exceed 15,000, (b) amend and restate the form of PIPE Warrant to correct an error in the redemption provision of the PIPE Warrants, and (c) revise certain closing conditions for the PIPE Financing. The Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds will be a part of the aggregate cash proceeds available for release to DHAC, Merger Sub I, and Merger Sub II in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. The PIPE Warrants are exercisable into shares of DHAC Common Stock at a price of 12.50 per share and expire 5 years from the date of issuance. The PIPE Shares are convertible into shares of DHAC Common Stock at a price of 10.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock establishes the terms and conditions of the Series A Preferred Stock. PIPE Registration Rights Agreements In connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement, DHAC and the PIPE Investors will enter into the registration rights agreement (the PIPE Registration Rights Agreement ). The PIPE Registration Rights Agreement provides the PIPE Investors with customary registration rights with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying the PIPE Shares and PIPE Warrants issued to the PIPE Investors. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, DHAC will agree to (i) file a registration statement with the SEC for the registration and resale of a number of shares of DHAC Common Stock at least equal to 200 of the sum of the number of shares of DHAC Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the PIPE Shares and upon exercise of the PIPE Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities within 30 days after the closing of the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement; (ii) to use DHAC s best efforts to have such registration statement to be declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, but no later than earlier of (a) the 90th calendar day (or 120th calendar day if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the registration statement) and (b) the 2nd business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review and (iii) to use DHAC s best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement with respect to the Registrable Securities at all times until the date all of the securities covered hereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. PIPE Lock-Up Agreement Pursuant to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement, certain of DHAC s stockholders will enter into a lock-up agreement (the PIPE Lock-Up Agreement with DHAC. Pursuant to the PIPE Lock-Up Agreement, such stockholders will not (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase, make any short sale or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of DHAC Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as defined in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement), or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to any shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities owned directly by the PIPE Investors (including holding as a custodian) or with respect to which each PIPE Investor has beneficial ownership within the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the PIPE Investor Shares ), or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the PIPE Investor Shares, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of DHAC Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration of any shares of DHAC Common Stock or Convertible Securities or (iv) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. 
 - 15 - 

Table of Contents 
 Under the PIPE Lock-Up Agreement, the PIPE Lock-Up Period means the period beginning on the date of the Lock-Up Agreement and ending on the earliest of (i) eight months after the Closing Date, or (ii) on the trading day after DHAC s Common Stock exceeds 12.50 (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations recapitalizations and similar events) for a period of twenty consecutive trading days after the Closing Date. In addition, pursuant to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement and the Backstop Agreement, any purchaser of Additional PIPE Securities will enter into a lock up agreement with the Company pursuant to which such purchaser will agree not to, subject to certain limited exceptions, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase, make any short sale or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Additional PIPE Securities, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to any Additional PIPE Securities owned directly by the purchaser (including holding as a custodian) or with respect to which the purchaser has beneficial ownership within the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the purchaser s Additional PIPE Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of DHAC Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise, (3) make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration of any Additional PIPE Securities or (4) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. Bridge Securities Purchase Agreement On October 6, 2022, in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, DHAC, VSee and iDoc entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor, who is also an investor in our Sponsor, pursuant to which DHAC, VSee and iDoc each issued and sold to such investor 10 original issue discount senior secured promissory notes due October 5, 2023 in the aggregate principal amount of 2,222,222 (the Bridge Notes ). The Bridge Notes will be assumed by DHAC in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The Bridge Notes bear guaranteed interest at a rate of 10.00 per annum. In connection with the purchase of the Bridge Notes, DHAC issued the investor (i) 173,913 warrants, each representing the right to purchase one share of DHAC common stock at an initial exercise price of 11.50, subject to certain adjustments (the Bridge Warrants and (ii) 30,000 shares of DHAC common stock as additional consideration for the purchase of the Bridge Notes and Bridge Warrants. If the PIPE Financing closes in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, 110 of all unpaid principal under the Bridge Notes and guaranteed interest of 10 are due and payable at the closing of the PIPE Financing. In connection with the Bridge financing, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Bridge investor, dated October 5, 2022, which provides that the Company will file a registration statement to register the shares of Common Stock underlying the Bridge Warrants and the commitment shares. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: Use of Estimates The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. The most significant accounting estimates were the assumptions used to fair value the PIPE Forward Contract and the Bridge Note Bifurcated derivative. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 - 16 - 

Table of Contents 
 Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for the common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. The Company s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as bifurcated derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Derivative instruments are recorded at fair value on the grant date and re- valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The Company has determined the PIPE financing agreement is a derivative instrument and the Bridge Note s early redemption provision is an embedded feature that is required to be bifurcated as a derivative instrument. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of debt into its debt and bifurcated derivative components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate the Bridge Note proceeds between the Bridge Note and the Bifurcated Derivative, using the residual method by allocating the principal first to fair value of the bifurcated derivative and then to the debt. Net Loss per common stock The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net loss per common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common stocks outstanding for the period. This presentation contemplates a Business Combination as the most likely outcome, in which case, both classes of common stocks share pro rata in the loss of the Company. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of common stock is excluded from net loss per common stock as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ), to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 at inception on March 30, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have an impact on the Company s financial statements. We do not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements except for the following: Risks and Uncertainties Our management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the balance date. 
 - 17 - 

Table of Contents 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. Recent Accounting Pronouncements We do not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material impact on our financial statements except for the following: In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 at inception on March 30, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have an impact on the Company s financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Emerging Growth Company Status On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. As an emerging growth company, we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting 
 - 18 - 

Table of Contents 
 Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five (5) years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we otherwise no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not required for smaller reporting companies. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 
 - 19 - 

Table of Contents 
 (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers. 

Name Age Position Scott Wolf 57 Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Secretary, and Chairman Daniel Sullivan 65 Chief Financial Officer Kevin Lowdermilk 59 Director Frank Ciufo 62 Director George McNellage 62 Director Scott Metzger 55 Director Scott Wolf has served as our chief executive officer CEO ), corporate secretary and Chairman of our board of directors since May of 2021. Dr. Wolf is a prolific medical device entrepreneur across a broad range of therapeutic areas. Dr. Wolf founded Aerin Medical, Inc. to create non-surgical therapies to meet the enormous need of patients with the most common nasal airway problems, including nasal obstruction. Prior to founding Aerin Medical, he founded Zeltiq Aesthetics, Inc. the maker of CoolSculpting, the leading non- invasive method of fat reduction for bodysculpting. Dr. Wolf s other startups include Endogastric Solutions, Inc. and Cardiac Dimensions Pty Ltd.. He was previously a partner at Prospect Venture Partners and a vice-president at Frazier Healthcare Ventures, both leading life science venture capital firms. Dr. Wolf received his M.D. from George Washington University and his B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania. Daniel Sullivan has served as our chief financial officer CFO since May of 2021. Mr. Sullivan has been the President of PCN Enterprises, Inc. since 2003, which provides accounting related consulting services to public companies. He is also the Chief Financial Officer for Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. Mr. Sullivan received his B.S in accounting from the University of Massachusetts and an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University. 
 - 20 - 

Table of Contents 
 Kevin Lowdermilk has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2022. Kevin has over 30 years of executive leadership experience. Currently, he is the CFO of Vaya Space, a hybrid rocket propulsion and small satellite launch company and has served on that position since August 2022. Prior to Vaya Space, between March 2016 and July 2022, he was the CFO of CFO Strategic Partners, a company that provides outsourced CFO services to small and medium-sized business and nonprofit entities. Mr. Lowdermilk s past executive leadership experience also includes serving as the CEO of ISO Group, Inc. a defense and aerospace supply chain company, serving as the CFO and then CEO of Exostar a SaaS company with a focus on the aerospace and defense sector, and serving as the Vice President of Finance for a multi-national aerospace division of Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC in North America. He has also held board positions for a number of private companies across a variety of industries. Between 2009 and 2015, he was a board member of Global Healthcare Exchange, LLC GHX and chaired the board s compensation committee through the sale of GHX to Thoma Bravo, LP. He earned his undergraduate degree in Economics from Western Kentucky University and his MBA from Ball State University. Frank Ciufo has served as a member of our board of directors since May of 2021. Mr. Ciufo has more than 30 years of senior executive management experience in hospital operations and supply chain executive management. He currently serves as the Managing Partner of UplinkMG, LLC a consulting firm specializing in efficiency improvement in health care operations, project management and supply chain services. Mr. Ciufo s consulting experiences include providing innovative consultative strategies Group Purchasing Organizations and hospitals with an emphasis on interim and long-term operational improvements, complex project management engagements that include acquisition, supply chain logistics, negotiation and procurement, alternative energy solutions and support services. He has consulted for NYC Health and Hospital Corporation, Atlantic Health, NJ, and Barnert Hospital, NJ. He is presently a consultant for Premier Inc. a leading- edge Group Purchasing/ Technology/ Consulting Firm as well as other healthcare centric companies. Mr. Ciufo holds MBA and BS degrees from Wagner College, Staten Island, NY. George McNellage has served as a member of our board of directors since May of 2021. Mr. McNellage has more than 30 years of experience in sales, marketing and corporate operations. He currently serves as Vice President of Enterprise Sales at Premier Inc., an industry leader in healthcare improvement. Prior to his starting his role at Premier Inc. in 2018, Mr. McNellage served in various roles and capacities for Covidien, Xanitos Inc., Navix Diagnostix, Edwards LifeSciences and Intalere with focuses on sales, marketing and healthcare solutions. Mr. McNellage received his B.S. in business administration from the University of South Alabama Scott Metzger has served as a member of our board of directors since May of 2021. Dr. Metzger has been a Medical Director with Optum, Inc. since September 2018. Between June 2000 to August 2018, Dr. Metzger worked as a physician for Premier Pain Centers and Specialty Anesthesia Associates. Dr. Metzger is the founder and former partner Premier Pain Centers and Specialty Anesthesia Associates, some of the most comprehensive centers for treatment of acute and chronic pain. Dr. Metzger has been active as a medical society leader and executive with experience ranging from starting the state branch of national pain society to serving as president of the state medical board. Dr. Metzger received his B.A. and M.D. from Boston University School of Medicine after completion of a combined 6-year program. He has also completed his residency and specialty training at Johns Hopkins Medicine through the Department of Anesthesiology and Critical Care Medicine. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of each of directors will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that the board of directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a Chief Executive Officer and a Secretary, none of whom need be a member of the board of directors. The board of directors may also choose a Chairman from among the directors, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurers and Assistant Treasurers. The board of directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the board of directors. The same person may hold two or more offices. Director Independence Nasdaq requires that a majority of our board must be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the 
 - 21 - 

Table of Contents 
 opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Kevin Lowdermilk, Frank Ciufo, George McNellage and Scott Metzger are our independent directors. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Any affiliated transactions will be on terms that our board believes are no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors have three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of George McNellage, Kevin Lowdermilk and Frank Cuifo, each of whom is an independent director under the Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Kevin Lowdermilk is the Chairperson of the audit committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent auditor; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. Financial Experts on Audit Committee Pursuant to Nasdaq rules, the audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that George McNellage, Brent Willis and Frank Cuifo qualify as an audit committee financial experts, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC, which generally is any person who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. 
 - 22 - 

Table of Contents 
 Nominating Committee We have established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Kevin Lowdermilk, George McNellage and Scott Metzger, each of whom is an independent director under the Nasdaq listing standards. Scott Metzger is the Chairperson of the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 
 should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 
 should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. 
 The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Messrs. Kevin Lowdermilk, George McNellage, and Frank Cuifo, each of whom is an independent director under the Nasdaq listing standards. George McNellage is the Chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 
 reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 
 reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 
 implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 
 assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 
 approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 
 if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 
 reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment of 10,000 per month to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial, administrative and other services, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. You will be able to review our Code of Ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge 
 - 23 - 

Table of Contents 
 upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Employment Agreements We have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. Executive Officers and Director Compensation No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth as of April 7, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of April 7, 2023, we had 4,176,123 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March X, 2023. 

Number of Shares Percentage of Beneficially Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Owned Shares Scott Wolf (2) 175,000 4.19 Daniel Sullivan 75,000 1.80 Kevin Lowdermilk 
 - 24 - 

Table of Contents 
 Frank Ciufo 8,625 George McNellage 8,625 Scott Metzger 8,625 All executive officers and directors as a group 275,875 6.61 (6 individuals) Digital Health Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) (3) 2,630,250 62.98 Spring Creek Capital, LLC (4) 241,100 5.77 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the following individuals or entities is 980 N Federal Hwy #304, Boca Raton, FL 33432. (2) All common stock owned of record by the Scott J. and Kelley H. Wolf Family Trust. Mr. Wolf and his wife, Kelley H. Wolf, are trustees of the Scott J. and Kelley H. Wolf Family Trust and may be deemed to have shared voting and investment discretion with respect to shares of common stock held by the Scott J. and Kelley H. Wolf Family Trust. The address of the Scott J. and Kelley H. Wolf Family Trust is 319 Trenton Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025. (3) Our sponsor is the record holder of the shares of common stock reported herein. Our affiliate, Mr. Lawrence Sands, is the manager of our sponsor and as such may be deemed to have sole voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held by our sponsor. Mr. Sands disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by Digital Health Sponsor LLC other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. (4) Based on a Schedule 13G filed February 10, 2023, Spring Creek Capital LLC Spring Creek has the sole voting power over, and may deemed to be the beneficial owner of, 241,100 shares of Common Stock, and Koch Industries, Inc. Koch Industries has the sole voting power over, and may deemed to be the beneficial owner of, 241,100 shares of Common Stock. Koch Industries, SCC Holdings, LLC SCC ), KIM, LLC KIM ), Koch Investments Group, LLC KIG ), and Koch Investments Group Holdings, LLC KIGH may be deemed to beneficially own the Public Shares held by Spring Creek by virtue of (i) Koch Industries beneficial ownership of KIGH, (ii) KIGH s beneficial ownership of KIG, (iii) KIG s beneficial ownership of KIM, (iv) KIM s beneficial ownership of SCC and (v) SCC s beneficial ownership of Spring Creek. The address of the foregoing reporting persons is c/o 4111 E. 37th Street North, Wichita, KS 67220. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Founder Shares On June 7, 2021, our sponsor, along with certain of our directors, officers and advisors purchased 4,312,500 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On October 26, 2021, our sponsor, officers and certain advisors forfeited an aggregate of 1,437,500 shares of common stock. Such shares are referred to herein as founder shares or insider shares . Sponsor Note Payable On June 7, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 625,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. These notes were non-interest bearing and any outstanding balance on the notes was due immediately following our Initial Public Offering. There were 602,720 amounts borrowed under the Note. The Note was repaid on November 12, 2021. Borrowing under this loan is no longer available. Advance from related party As of November 8, 2021, the Sponsor paid for 402,936 on expenses on behalf of us. The advance was repaid on November 12, 2021. On November 12, 2021, we advanced additional 43,900 which remain payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 
 - 25 - 

Table of Contents 
 The Working Capital Loans would be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest. As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Promissory Note - Related Party On October 26, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 350,000 to Digital Health Sponsor LLC, the Company s sponsor. The Company deposited to the trust account all of the loan amount and extended the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination from November 8, 2022 to February 8, 2023. The promissory note does not bear interest and will be repaid only upon closing of a business combination by the Company. Promissory Note In January 2023, SCS Capital LLC issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 250,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and shall be used to pay for general operating expenses. Administrative Services Agreement We agreed, commencing on November 3, 2021, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space and secretarial, administrative, and other services. The monthly fees will cease upon completion of an initial business combination or liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 120,000, of which 10,550 is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 2022. For the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred 20,000 in fees for these services, of which 10,000 is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet at December 2021. General We will reimburse our officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the Trust Account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. The audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial stockholder or member of the management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of the audit committee will be reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. No compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of the initial stockholders, officers or directors who owned the shares of common stock prior to the Initial Public Offering, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with respect to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any compensation, will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested independent directors (to the extent we have any) or the members of the board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent directors (or, if there are no independent directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Related Party Policy Our code of ethics, which we adopted upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering, requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest 
 - 26 - 

Table of Contents 
 (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial stockholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial stockholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see - Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 - 27 - 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. Audit Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 84,200 and 24,700, respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Audit-Related Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. Tax Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 - 28 - 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 100) F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-29 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Second Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2022, by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., DHAC Merger Sub I, Inc., DHAC Merger Sub II, Inc., VSee Lab, Inc., and iDoc Virtual Telehealth Solutions, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by Registrant on October 7, 2022). 2.2 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2022, by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., DHAC Merger Sub I, Inc., DHAC Merger Sub II, Inc., VSee Lab, Inc., and iDoc Virtual Telehealth Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by Registrant on November 3, 2022). 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2022). 3.3 By Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 28, 2021). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 28, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 28, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 28, 2021). 
 - 29 - 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 4.5 Description of Securities. 10.1 Unit Subscription Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 10.2 Form of Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 28, 2021). 10.3 Letter Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, directors, and advisors, the Company s sponsor, Digital Health Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 10.4 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 10.5 Amendment to Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2022). 10.6 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and between the Company, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 10.7 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 10.8 Administrative Support Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and between the Company and Digital Health Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 10.9 Indemnification Agreements, dated November 3, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 8, 2021). 10.10 Second Amended and Restated Transaction Support Agreement dated October 6, 2022 by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., VSee Lab, Inc., iDoc Virtual Telehealth Solutions, Inc. and certain stockholders of VSee and iDoc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 7, 2022). 10.11 Support Agreement dated June 15, 2022 by and among Digital Health Sponsor LLC, certain other stockholders of Digital Health Acquisition Corp., Digital Health Acquisition Corp., VSee Lab, Inc., and iDoc Virtual Telehealth Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on June 16, 2022). 10.12 Leak-Out Agreement dated August 9, 2022 by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., and certain stockholders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 11, 2022). 10.13 First Amendment to Leak-Out Agreement dated October 6, 2022 by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., and certain stockholders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 7, 2022). 10.14 First Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 6, 2022 by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., and certain PIPE investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 7, 2022). 
 - 30 - 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 10.15 Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 5, 2022 by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., VSee Lab, Inc. and iDoc Virtual Telehealth Solutions, Inc., and the Bridge investor named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 7, 2022). 10.16 Promissory Note dated October 5, 2022 issued to the investor named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 7, 2022). 10.17 Warrant dated October 5, 2022 in favor the investor named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 7, 2022). 10.18 Registration Rights Agreement dated October 5, 2022 by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp. and the investor named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 7, 2022). 10.19 Lock-Up Agreement in connection with the bridge financing transaction dated October 5, 2022 with investor named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 7, 2022). 10.20 Security Agreement dated October 5, 2022 by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., VSee Lab, Inc. and iDoc Virtual Telehealth Solutions, Inc., and the investor named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 filed with the Form S-4 filed by the Registrant on November 4, 2022). 10.21 Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement dated October 5, 2022 by and among Digital Health Acquisition Corp., VSee Lab, Inc., iDoc Virtual Telehealth Solutions, Inc., the subsidiaries named therein and the investor named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 filed with the Form S-4 filed by the Registrant on November 4, 2022). 10.22 Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2022 by and between Digital Health Acquisition Corp. and A.G.P/Alliance Global Partners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 3, 2022). 10.23 Backstop Agreement dated January 18, 2023 by and between Digital Health Acquisition Corp., and Digital Health Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2023). 10.24 First Amendment to Backstop Agreement, dated April 11, 2023 but effective as of March 31, 2023, by and between Digital Health Acquisition Corp., and Digital Health Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 12, 2023) 10.25 Form of Amendment No. 1 to First Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 12, 2023). 14 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 28, 2021). 21.1 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 filed with the Registration Statement on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on March 29, 2022). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 - 31 - 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: April 12, 2023 DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. By: /s/ Scott Wolf Name: Scott Wolf Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Scott Wolf Chief Executive Officer and Chairman April 12, 2023 Scott Wolf (Principal Executive Officer) and Secretary /s/ Daniel Sullivan Chief Financial Officer April 12, 2023 Daniel Sullivan (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Kevin Lowdermilk Director April 12, 2023 Kevin Lowdermilk /s/ Frank Ciufo Director April 12, 2023 Frank Ciufo /s/ George McNellage Director April 12, 2023 George McNellage /s/ Scott Metzger Director April 12, 2023 Scott Metzger 
 - 32 - 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Digital Health Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Digital Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by the close of business on May 8, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. April 11, 2023 PCAOB Number 100 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Investments held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Income taxes payable Bridge Note, net of discount Promissory note - related party Advances from related parties Bridge Note - Bifurcated Derivative PIPE Forward Contract Derivative Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities Commitments Common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Stockholders Deficit Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from March 30, 2021 (Inception) Year Ended through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Formation and operational costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expenses): Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account Interest expenses - Bridge Note ) Change in fair value of Bridge Note - Bifurcated Derivative ) Change in fair value of PIPE Forward Contract Derivative ) Total other income, net Loss before provision for income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes ) Net loss ) ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per share The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 30, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance March 30, 2021 (Inception) Issuance of common stock to Sponsor Sale of Private Placement Units Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance Accretion of common stock subject to redemption value ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Accretion of common stock subject to redemption value ) ) Issuance of shares issued with Bridge Note, net of offering costs Issuance of warrants issued with Bridge Note, net of offering costs Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from March 30, 2021 For the Year Ended (Inception) through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account ) ) Change in fair value of Bridge Note - Bifurcated Derivative Change in fair value of PIPE Forward Contract Derivative Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest expense - Bridge Note Income taxes payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash into Trust Account ) ) Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemptions Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units Advances from related party Proceeds from Bridge Note Payment of Financing Cost in Bridge Note ) Proceeds from promissory note related party Repayment of promissory note related party ) Redemption of common stock ) Payment of offering costs ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net Change in Cash ) Cash Beginning of period Cash End of period Non-cash investing and financing activities: Warrants issued as financing cost in Bridge Promissory Note Common stock issued as financing cost in Bridge Promissory Note Offering costs paid through promissory note Deferred underwriting fee payable Operating cost paid through advances ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 or more businesses (the Business Combination ). On June 9, 2022, DHAC Merger Sub I, Inc. Merger Sub I ), a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was formed. On June 9, 2022, DHAC Merger Sub II, Inc. Merger Sub II ), a Texas corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was formed. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any significant operations. All activity for the period from inception, date which operations commenced, through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the Company s Initial Public Offering (as defined below), and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on November 3, 2021. On November 8, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. On October 20, 2022, In connection with the stockholders meeting to approve the extension, shares of DHAC s common stock were redeemed leaving shares subject to redemption. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (each, a Private Placement Unit and, collectively, the Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Digital Health Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. As of November 8, 2021, the Company received from the proceeds of the Private Placement and recorded in subscription receivable. The Sponsor paid the subscription in full on November 12, 2021. Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. In addition, cash of was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on November 8, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as currently extended and as may be further extended in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as currently extended and as may be further extended in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), the Company s return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the Company s public stockholders as part of the Company s redemption of the public shares. On October 20, 2022, stockholders of DHAC approved a proposal to amend DHAC s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (a) extend the date by which DHAC has to consummate a business combination (the Extension for an additional 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 (3) additional times for three (3) months each time, for a maximum of nine (9) additional months if the Sponsor pays an amount equal to for each three-month extension (the Extension Fee ), which amount shall be deposited in the trust account of DHAC; provided, that if as of the time of an extension DHAC has filed a Form S-4 registration statement in connection with its initial business combination, then no Extension Fee would be required in connection with such extension, and (c) allow for DHAC to provide redemption rights to DHAC s public stockholders in accordance with the requirements of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation without complying with the tender offer rules. The Company s Business Combination must be with or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide the Company s public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their common shares in connection with the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require the Company to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations. The amount in the Trust Account was Initially anticipated to be per public share. On October 26, 2022, in connection with the approval of the extension, the Sponsor deposited into the Trust Account for the first three-month extension, as such the amount in the Trust Account is anticipated to be per public share. On February 2, 2023 the Company announced a second extension of the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from February 8, 2023 to May 8, 2023 (as extended, the Combination Period ). The February extension is the first of three additional three-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial business combination. In connection with such stockholder vote, an aggregate of shares of DHAC s common stock were redeemed leaving shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote as of October 20, 2022. However, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. The shares of common stock subject to redemption are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, and in accordance with the closing conditions set forth in the Company s business Combination Agreement (as defined below), the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 of the Company s public shares if the Company have not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fail to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fail to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. The Company s Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believe that the Company s Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. On June 15, 2022, DHAC, entered into a business combination agreement, by and among DHAC Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of DHAC Merger Sub I ), DHAC Merger Sub II, Inc., a Texas corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of DHAC Merger Sub II and together with Merger Sub I, the Merger Subs ), VSee Lab, Inc., a Delaware corporation VSee and iDoc Virtual Telehealth Solutions, Inc., a Texas corporation iDoc (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the Business Combination were unanimously approved by the boards of directors of each of DHAC, VSee and iDoc on June 15, 2022. On August 9, 2022, DHAC, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc entered into the First Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement to provide for the concurrent execution of financing documents for a PIPE consisting of convertible notes and warrants and delivery of the Cassel Salpeter s opinion to the Board. On October 6, 2022, DHAC, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc entered into the Business Combination Agreement to make the consideration payable to VSee and iDoc stockholders DHAC common stock and to provide for the concurrent execution of amended PIPE Financing documents providing for the issuance of the PIPE Shares and the PIPE Warrants further described on Note 6. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub I will merge with and into VSee (the VSee Merger ), with VSee surviving the VSee Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of DHAC, and Merger Sub II will merge with and into iDoc (the iDoc Merger and, together with the VSee Merger, the Mergers ), with iDoc surviving the iDoc Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of DHAC. At the effective time of the Mergers (the Effective Time ), DHAC will change its name to VSee Health, Inc. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. The Company may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or its stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers and directors and the Sponsor may but are not obligated to (except as described above), loan the Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company directors to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or at least one year from the date that the financial statements were issued. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance of and a working capital deficiency of net of of allowable interest withdraws from trust to cover income and franchise taxes. In addition, in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities of the Company as of December 31, 2022. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Less: Proceeds Allocated to Public Warrants ) Common stock issuance costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Less: Redemptions ) Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. common stocks in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stocks and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net loss per common stock is the same as basic net loss per common stock for the periods presented. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents) ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock ) ) 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at a purchase price of per unit. Each unit consists of common share and warrant. Each warrant will entitle the holder to purchase (1) share of common stock at a price of per whole share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Each warrant will become exercisable after the completion of the initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering and will expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. units, at per unit for a total purchase price of in a private placement. As of November 8, 2021, the Company received from the proceeds of the Private Placement and recorded in subscription receivable. The Sponsor paid the subscription in full on November 12, 2021. The private placement units are identical to the units sold in the Initial Public Offering. There will be underwriting fees or commissions with respect to the private placement units. The proceeds from the private placement were added to the proceeds of Initial Public Offering and placed in a Trust Account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. If the Company does not complete its initial business combination within 18 months (as currently extended and as may be further extended in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), the Sponsor will waive any and all rights and claims to any proceeds and interest thereon in respect to the private placement units and the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units will be included in the liquidating distribution to the holders of the Company s public shares. The Sponsor, advisors, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 shares for an aggregate purchase price of . In October 2021, the Sponsor, officers and certain advisors forfeited an aggregate of shares of common stock, resulting in founder shares outstanding. Such shares are referred to herein as founder shares or insider shares . Sponsor Note Payable On June 7, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. These notes were non-interest bearing and any outstanding balance on the notes was due immediately following the Company s Initial Public Offering. There was an amount of borrowed under the Notes. The Notes were repaid on November 12, 2021. Advance from Related Party As of November 8, 2021, the Sponsor paid for on expenses on behalf of the Company. The advance was repaid on November 12, 2021. Borrowing under the note are no longer available. On November 12, 2021, the Sponsor advanced an additional which remains payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Working Capital Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Promissory Note Related Party On October 26, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor, the Company s sponsor. The Company deposited to the trust account all of the loan amount and extended the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination from November 8, 2022 to February 8, 2023. The promissory note does not bear interest and will be repaid only upon closing of a business combination by the Company. Administrative Services Agreement The Company agreed, commencing on November 3, 2021, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of per month for office space and secretarial, administrative, and other services. The monthly fees will cease upon completion of an initial business combination or liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred , of which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. For the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred in fees for these services, of which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The Company will reimburse its officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by the Company; provided, however, 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 demands that the Company registers such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggyback registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. Underwriters Agreement The Representative is entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The Company executed a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Series B Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2022 with A.G.P. whereby A.G.P. subscribed for and will purchase, and DHAC will issue and sell, at the closing of the Business Combination, shares of Series B Preferred Stock Series B Shares convertible into shares of DHAC common stock. The purchase price for the Series B Shares will be paid by conversion of A.G.P. s deferred underwriting fee into such Series B Shares. The Certificate of Designation of the Series B Preferred Stock establishes the terms and conditions of the Series B Preferred Stock. The Company reviewed the Series B Preferred Stock under ASC 480 and ASC 815 and concluded that Series B Preferred Stock did not include any elements that would preclude them from equity treatment and therefore are not subject to the liability treatment under ASC 480 or derivative guidance under ASC 815. The Business Combination Agreement On June 15, 2022, Digital Health Acquisition Corp DHAC entered into the Business Combination Agreement, with Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc. On August 9, 2022, DHAC, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc entered into the First Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement to provide for the concurrent execution of financing documents for a PIPE consisting of convertible notes and warrants and delivery of the Cassel Salpeter s opinion to the Board. On October 6, 2022, DHAC, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, VSee and iDoc entered into the Business Combination Agreement to make the consideration payable to VSee and iDoc stockholders DHAC common stock and to provide for the concurrent execution of amended PIPE Financing 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 million. At the Closing, each of VSee and iDoc will convert each share of VSee and iDoc capital stock (excluding shares of the holders who perfect rights of appraisal under Delaware or Texas law, as the case may be) into the right to receive the applicable merger consideration as further described below. VSee Merger Consideration The aggregate merger consideration that the holders of VSee Stock as of the Effective Time are entitled to receive in the Business Combination, referred to as the VSee Closing Consideration, is an amount equal to (1) , minus (2) an amount equal to the Effective Time Option Grants multiplied by , minus (3) the aggregate amount of VSee s transaction expenses. Effective Time Option Grants refers to the stock options with an exercise price of per share pursuant to the Incentive Plan to the individuals, in the amounts, and on the terms set forth on Exhibit E to the Business Combination Agreement. of the VSee Closing Consideration will be paid in shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and subject to deductions for the VSee Indemnity Escrow Amount as described below. The VSee Per Share Consideration refers to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (a) (1) the VSee Closing Consideration, divided by (2) the total number of VSee Outstanding Shares, divided by (b) 10. VSee Outstanding Shares refers to the total number of shares of VSee Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, expressed on a fully-diluted and as-converted to VSee Common Stock basis, and including, without limitation or duplication, the number of shares of VSee Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the VSee Preferred Stock. Aggregate Transaction Proceeds refers to an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate cash proceeds available for release from the Trust Account in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (after, for the avoidance of doubt, giving effect to all of the redemptions of the Public Shares) and (ii) the Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds. iDoc Merger Consideration The aggregate merger consideration that the holders of iDoc Stock as of the Effective Time are entitled to receive in the Business Combination, referred to as the iDoc Closing Consideration, is an amount equal to (1) , minus (2) the aggregate amount of iDoc s transaction expenses. of the iDoc Closing Consideration will be paid in shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and subject to deductions for the iDoc Indemnity Escrow Amount as described below. The iDoc Per Share Consideration refers to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (a) (1) the iDoc Closing Consideration, divided by (2) the total number of iDoc Outstanding Shares, divided by (b) 10. iDoc Outstanding Shares refers to the total number of shares of iDoc Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, expressed on a fully diluted and as-converted to iDoc Common Stock basis. VSee Health, Inc. Incentive Plan DHAC has agreed to approve and adopt the VSee Health, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan to be effective as of one day prior to the closing Business Combination and in a form mutually acceptable to DHAC, VSee and iDoc. The Incentive Plan shall provide for an initial aggregate share reserve equal to of the number of shares of DHAC Common Stock outstanding following the closing after giving effect to the Business Combination, including without limitation, the PIPE Financing. Subject to approval of the Incentive Plan by DHAC s Stockholders, DHAC has agreed to file a Form S-8 Registration Statement with the SEC following the Effective Time with respect to the shares of DHAC Common Stock issuable under the Incentive Plan. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 of net tangible assets immediately after the Effective Time and (vi) the delivery of applicable closing deliverables. In addition, the obligations of VSee and iDoc to consummate the Business Combination are subject to the fulfillment of other closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the approval by the Nasdaq Capital Market of DHAC s listing application in connection with the Business Combination and (ii) the DHAC board of directors consisting of the number of directors, and comprising the individuals, as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, DHAC executed an Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (as amended, the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement or PIPE Forward Contract dated October 6, 2022 with certain PIPE Investors whereby the PIPE Investors subscribed for and will purchase, and DHAC will issue and sell, (i) shares of Series A Preferred Stock Initial PIPE Shares convertible into shares of DHAC common stock and (ii) warrants Initial PIPE Warrants exercisable for shares of DHAC Common Stock (such transactions, the Initial PIPE Financing for aggregate proceeds of at least . The PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement also provides that at any time after the date of the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement and including (x) with respect to the PIPE Investors right to purchase Additional Offering Securities further to an Additional Offering (as each term is defined below) the earlier to occur of (I) the first anniversary of the date of the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement and (II) the date of the consummation of one or more Subsequent Placements (as defined in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement) with the PIPE Investors on terms identical to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement and the other PIPE Financing documents in all material respects with an aggregate purchase price of at least million (the Additional Offering , and the securities thereof, the Additional Offering Securities and (y) with respect to Buyer s right to participate in a Subsequent Placement other than an Additional Offering the earlier to occur of (I) the initial date after the Closing that no PIPE Shares remain outstanding, and (II) the date of the consummation of a Subsequent Placement by the Company with gross proceeds, paid in cash, of at least , in either case, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, effect any Subsequent Placement unless the Company shall have first complied with the PIPE Investors participation right described herein and set forth in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement. With respect to (i) Additional Offerings, DHAC is required to offer of the Additional Offering Securities to the PIPE Investors; and (ii) Subsequent Placements, DHAC is required to offer of the Offered Securities to the PIPE Investors. The Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds will be a part of the aggregate cash proceeds available for release to DHAC, Merger Sub I, and Merger Sub II in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. The PIPE Warrants are exercisable into shares of DHAC Common Stock at a price of per share and expire from the date of issuance. The PIPE Shares are convertible into shares of DHAC Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock establishes the terms and conditions of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Company reviewed the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement s underlying securities under ASC 480 and ASC 815 and concluded that Series Preferred A Stock includes a contingent redemption that would require temporary equity treatment at issuance and the warrants do not have any elements that would preclude them from equity treatment and therefore are not subject to the Derivative guidance under ASC 815. However under ASC 480-10-55-33 a forward contract that permits the holder to purchase redeemable shares (the Series A Preferred Stock) is a liability pursuant to ASC 480 because (1) the forward contract itself is indexed to an underlying share (i.e., the option s value varies with the fair value of the share) that embodies the issuer s obligation to repurchase the share and (2) the issuer has a conditional obligation to transfer assets if the shares are put back. Accordingly, the Company determined the fair value of the PIPE Forward Contract and noted the value at the October 6, 2022, the executed date of agreement was zero. As of December 31, 2022, the value of the PIPE Forward Contract was (see Note 10. Fair Value Measurements for additional disclosure on the PIPE Forward Contract). 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 of the sum of the number of shares of DHAC Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the PIPE Shares and upon exercise of the PIPE Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities within after the closing of the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement; (ii) to use DHAC s best efforts to have such registration statement to be declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, but no later than earlier of (a) the th calendar day (or th calendar day if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the registration statement) and (b) the 2nd business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review and (iii) to use DHAC s best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement with respect to the Registrable Securities at all times until the date all of the securities covered hereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. PIPE Lock-Up Agreement Pursuant to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement, certain of DHAC s stockholders will enter into a lock-up agreement (the PIPE Lock-Up Agreement with DHAC. Pursuant to the PIPE Lock-Up Agreement, such stockholders will not (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase, make any short sale or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of DHAC Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as defined in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement), or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to any shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities owned directly by the PIPE Investors (including holding as a custodian) or with respect to which each PIPE Investor has beneficial ownership within the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the PIPE Investor Shares ), or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the PIPE Investor Shares, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of DHAC Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration of any shares of DHAC Common Stock or Convertible Securities or (iv) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. Under the PIPE Lock-Up Agreement, the PIPE Lock-Up Period means the period beginning on the date of the Lock-Up Agreement and ending on the earliest of (i) after the Closing Date, or (ii) on the trading day after DHAC s Common Stock exceeds (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations recapitalizations and similar events) for a period of consecutive trading days after the Closing Date. Bridge Securities Purchase Agreement and Bifurcated Derivative On October 6, 2022, in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, DHAC, VSee and iDoc entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Bridge Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor, who is also an investor in the Sponsor, pursuant to which DHAC, VSee and iDoc each issued and sold to such investor original issue discount senior secured promissory notes due October 5, 2023 in the aggregate principal amount of (the Bridge Notes ). of the Bridge Note was allocated to DHAC. The Bridge Notes will be assumed by DHAC in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The Bridge Notes bear guaranteed interest at a rate of per annum. In connection with the purchase of the Bridge Notes, DHAC issued the investor (i) warrants, each representing the right to purchase share of DHAC common stock at an initial exercise price of , subject to certain adjustments (the Bridge Warrants and (ii) shares of DHAC common stock as additional consideration for the purchase of the Bridge Notes and Bridge Warrants. If the PIPE Financing closes in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, of all unpaid principal under the Bridge Notes and guaranteed interest of are due and payable at the closing of the PIPE Financing. The Company reviewed the warrants and common stock issued in connection with the Securities Purchase agreement under ASC 815 and concluded that the Warrants are not in scope of ASC 480 and are not subject to the Derivative guidance under ASC 815. The 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 instruments. As the Warrants were issued with various instruments the purchase price needs to be allocated using the relative fair value method (i.e., warrant at its fair value and the common stock at its fair value the Promissory note at its principal value allocated using the relative fair value of the proceeds received an applied proportionally to the equity classified stock, warrants and Promissory Note). The Company reviewed the contingent early repayment option granted in the Bridge Note under ASC 815 and concluded that as a result of the significant discount granted in the note the contingent repayment provision is therefore considered an embedded derivative that should be bifurcated from the debt host. Accordingly, in accordance with ASC 470-20, the Company allocated the Bridge Note proceeds between the Bridge Note and the Bifurcated Derivative, using the residual method by allocating the principal first to fair value of the embedded derivative and then to the debt. Accordingly, the fair value of the embedded derivative at issuance was and the residual value of was allocated to the principal balance of the note (see Note 10. Fair Value Measurements for additional disclosure on the derivative). DHAC as a result received cash proceeds of net of of direct cost attributable to the financing. The warrants and shares issued to investors were analyzed under ASC 815 and noted there were no elements that would preclude equity treatment. As such the Company recorded the fair value of the Bridge Warrants of , net of of offering cost allocated based on the relative value basis and Bridge Shares of , net of of offering cost allocated based on the relative value basis. As a result, of the bifurcated derivative discussed above, the offering cost allocated to the debt, and the value of the share and warrants granted, the Company recorded amortizable debt discount of consisting of in financing cost allocated to the Bridge Note, the issuance date fair value of the Bridge Warrants, the fair value of the Bridge Shares and originally issued discount. As of December 31, 2022, the Bridge Note net of unamortized debt discount was . The Company recognized of amortized debt discount and in accrued interest for a total Bridge Note interest expense of . In connection with the Bridge Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Bridge investor, dated October 5, 2022, which provides that the Company will file a registration statement to register the shares of Common Stock underlying the Bridge Warrants and the commitment shares. Legal Claims On September 26, 2022, the Company was notified of a lawsuit filed against the Company. The plaintiff s claims arose out of an alleged breach of a purported employment agreement with iDoc and VSee that was to become DHAC s obligation at the closing of the business combination, and the plaintiff s alleged wrongful termination related thereto. The plaintiff sought unpaid compensation, back and front pay, compensatory damages, unreimbursed business expenses, an award equal to alleged promised stock, an award of prejudgment and post judgment interest, punitive damages, and taxable costs and reasonable attorneys fees. The lawsuit is currently pending before the Superior Court of the State of Arizona in and for the County of Maricopa. The parties began engaging in settlement discussions shortly after the complaint was served. The Company has not appeared in the action, but denies liability. On February 1, 2023, the parties came to a global resolution and executed a confidential settlement agreement. On February 3, 2023, Plaintiff s counsel filed a notice of settlement with the court, requesting that the matter be placed on the inactive calendar for at least 30 days to allow the parties time to effectuate the terms of the settlement agreement. The parties filed a stipulation to dismiss the entire case with prejudice on April 7, 2023. of common shares with a par value of per share. On June 7, 2021, the Sponsor, along with certain of the Company s directors, officers and advisors purchased shares for an aggregate purchase price of . In October 2021, the Sponsor, officers and certain advisors forfeited an aggregate of shares of common stock, resulting in founder shares outstanding. At the closing of the Initial Public Offering, shares were issued as part of the Private Placement sale. On October 6, 2022 in connection with the Bridge Purchase Agreement shares were issued to the Bridge Financing investor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, common shares issued and outstanding, excluding and , respectively, shares subject to redemption which were classified outside of permanent equity on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve the Company s initial business combination, the initial stockholders, insiders, officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to this offering, including both the insider shares and any shares acquired in this offering or following this offering in the open market, in favor of the proposed business combination. The Company will consummate its initial business combination only if it has net tangible assets of at least and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Pursuant to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if the Company does not consummate its initial business combination within from the closing of this offering (as currently extended and as may be further extended in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), it will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Company s insiders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution with respect to their insider shares. The stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to the Company in any tender offer or have their shares of common stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the Trust Account if they vote on the proposed business combination and the business combination is completed. If the Company holds a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of the certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which it has to complete a business combination), it will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. In either of such events, converting stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion of the Trust Account promptly following consummation of the business combination or the approval of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation. If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment is not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts. warrants issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase (1) share of common stock at a price of per whole share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of after the completion of an initial business combination or from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the event of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of the completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Private Placement Warrants is identical to the warrants underlying the units in the Initial Public Offering. The Company may call the warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant, at any time after the warrants become exercisable; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. 
 The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. The redemption criteria for the warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of the redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. If the Company call the warrants for redemption as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and the Company. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or to make any other change that does not adversely affect the interests of the registered holders. For any other change, the warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants if such amendment is undertaken prior to or in connection with the consummation of a business combination or at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants if the amendment is undertaken after the consummation of a business combination. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. If (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Company s Sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issue the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Value. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to the Company, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of of the shares of common stock outstanding. fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Bridge Warrants On October 6, 2022, warrants were issued pursuant to the Bridge Purchase Agreement. The purchase right represented by the Bridge Warrants shall terminate on or before 5:30 p.m., Pacific Time, on the date from the date of issuance (the Expiration Date ). The exercise price at which the Bridge Warrants may be exercised shall be per share of Common Stock. If at any time after the date of issuance of the Bridge Warrants there is no effective registration statement available for the resale of shares of Common Stock held by the holder, the Bridge Warrants may be exercised by cashless exercise. In lieu of any fractional share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall make a cash payment equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by such fraction. Except as provided in the Bridge Warrant, the Bridge Warrant does not entitle its holder to any rights of a stockholder of the Company. During the term the Bridge Warrants are exercisable, the Company will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of the Bridge Warrant and, from time to time, will take all steps necessary to amend its Certificate of Incorporation to provide sufficient reserves of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Bridge Warrants. All shares that may be issued upon the exercise of rights represented by the Bridge Warrants and payment of the Exercise Price will be free from all taxes, liens and charges in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously or otherwise specified in the Bridge Warrants). Prior to the Expiration Date, the Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Bridge Warrants are subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of any of the following events: (a)In the event that the Company shall at any time after the date of issuance of the Bridge Warrants (i) declare a dividend on Common Stock in shares or other securities of the Company, (ii) split or subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issue by reclassification of its Common Stock any shares or other securities of the Company, then, in each such event, the Exercise Price in effect at the time shall be adjusted so that the holder shall be entitled to receive the kind and number of such shares or other securities of the Company which the holder would have owned or have been entitled to receive after the happening of any of the events described above had such Bridge Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the happening of such event (or any record date with respect thereto). (b)No adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stock receivable upon exercise of the Bridge Warrant shall be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of all Bridge Warrants; provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. (c)If at any time, as a result of an adjustment, the holder of any Bridge Warrant thereafter exercised shall become entitled to receive any shares of the Company other than shares of Common Stock, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents) Start-up/organization Expenses Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of allowance The income tax provision consists of the following: Deferred ) ) State Current Deferred ) ) Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has and of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income, respectively. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Change in fair value of Bridge Note- bifurcated derivative ) Change in fair value of PIPE forward contract derivative ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Income tax provision ) The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. in money market funds. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew as a result of an aggregate of shares of common stock redeemed on October 20, 2022 and the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. On December 31, 2021, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of in cash and in U.S. Treasury securities. During the period from March 30, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. The following table present information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis on December 31, 2022 and 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. The gross holding loss and fair value of held-to-maturity securities on December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 ) Bridge Note Bifurcated Derivative Measurement Bridge Note Bifurcated Derivative The Company established the initial fair value for the Bridge Note Bifurcated Derivative as of October 5, 2022, which was the date the Bridge Note was executed. On December 31, 2022 the fair value was remeasured. As such, the Company used a Probability Weighted Expected Return Method PWERM that fair values the early termination/repayment features of the debt. The PWERM is a multi-step process in which value is estimated based on the probability-weighted present value of various future outcomes. The PWERM was used to value the Bridge Note Bifurcated Derivative for the initial periods and subsequent measurement periods. The Bridge Note Bifurcated Derivative was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the initial measurement dates and as of December 31, 2022 due to the use of unobservable inputs. The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the Bridge Note Bifurcated Derivative were as follows at October 5, 2022, initial value and at December 31, 2022: Probability of early termination/repayment -business combination not completed Probability of early termination/repayment -business combination completed or PIPE completed Probability of completing a business combination by March 31, 2023 Probability of completing a business combination by June 30, 2023 PIPE Forward Contract The Company established the initial fair value for the PIPE Forward Contract as of October 6, 2022, which was the date of the PIPE Securities Purchas Agreement was executed. On December 31, 2022 the fair value was remeasured. As such, the Company utilizing a PWERM. The PWERM is a multistep process in which value is estimated based on the probability-weighted present value of various future outcomes to value the PIPE Forward Contract for the initial periods and subsequent measurement periods. The PIPE Forward Contract was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the initial measurement dates and as of December 31, 2022 due to the use of unobservable inputs. The key inputs into the PWERM for the PIPE Forward Contract were as follows at October 6, 2022, initial value and at December 31, 2022: 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 Expected term (years) Probability of completing a business combination The change in the fair value of the level 3 financial liabilities for the period from contract inception through December 31, 2022 is summarized as follows: Fair value at October 6, 2022 (Initial measurement) Change in fair value Fair value at December 31, 2022 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. There were no transfers to or from the various Levels during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. . The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and shall be used to pay for general operating expenses. On January 18, 2023 DHAC and the Sponsor, entered into a Backstop Agreement (the Backstop Agreement pursuant to which DHAC agreed to offer on or prior to the closing of the Business Combination the PIPE Investors the option to purchase up to an additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock initially convertible into shares of DHAC common stock (the Additional PIPE Shares and together with the Initial PIPE Shares, the PIPE Shares ), together with additional warrants to purchase up to shares of DHAC common stock (the Additional PIPE Warrants and together with the Initial PIPE Warrants, the PIPE Warrants the Additional PIPE Shares and Additional PIPE Warrants are referred to as the Additional PIPE Securities pursuant to a participation right granted to the PIPE Investors under the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement, in each case, on the same terms and conditions set forth in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement for an aggregate purchase price of up to (such proceeds together with the proceeds from the Initial PIPE Financing, as increased pursuant to the amendment to the Backstop Agreement described below, the Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds ). Pursuant to the Backstop Agreement, if the PIPE Investors do not elect to purchase all of the Additional PIPE Securities, the Sponsor has agreed to purchase any such unsubscribed Additional PIPE Securities concurrent with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement on the same terms and conditions set forth in the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement. The Backstop Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and agreements of the Company and the Sponsor and is subject to customary closing conditions and termination rights. If the conditions to the consummation of the Backstop Commitment contemplated by the Backstop Agreement are triggered, the closing of the sale of the Remaining Securities is expected to occur substantially concurrently with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the PIPE SPA. On February 2, 2023 the Company has extended the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination (the Deadline Date for an additional three months from February 8, 2023 to May 8, 2023. The extension is the first of additional three -month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial business combination. On February 1, 2023, the parties entered into a confidential settlement agreement. On February 3, 2023, Plaintiff s counsel filed a notice of settlement with the court, requesting that the matter be placed on the inactive calendar for at least 30 days to allow the parties time to effectuate the terms of the settlement agreement. The parties filed a stipulation to dismiss the entire case with prejudice on April 7, 2023. See Note 6, Legal Claims for further detail. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A), which is required for continued listing of the Company s Securities on Nasdaq Global. The Letter is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s Securities on Nasdaq Global. In accordance with Nasdaq listing rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company has 180 calendar days, or until September 27, 2023, to regain compliance. The Letter notes that to regain compliance, the Company s Securities must trade at or above a level such that the Company s MVLS closes at or above for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during the compliance period, which ends September 27, 2023. The Letter further notes that if the Company is unable to satisfy the MVLS requirement prior to such date, the Company may be eligible to transfer the listing of its Securities to The Nasdaq Capital Market (provided that it then satisfies the requirements for continued listing on that market). If the Company does not regain compliance by September 27, 2023, Nasdaq staff will provide written notice to the Company that its Securities are subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal any such delisting determination to a hearings panel. On April 11, 2023 but effective March 31, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement to, among other things, (a) amend and restate the form of Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock to provide the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issuable thereunder shall not exceed 15,000, (b) amend and restate the form of PIPE Warrant to correct an error in the redemption provision of the PIPE Warrants, and (c) revise certain closing conditions for the PIPE Financing. On April 11, 2023 but effective March 31, 2023, the Sponsor and DHAC entered into an amendment to the Backstop Agreement to increase the Additional PIPE Shares that may be purchased pursuant to the Backstop Agreement from shares of Series A Preferred Stock to shares of Series A Preferred Stock, for an aggregate additional PIPE financing of up to , increasing the Aggregate Closing PIPE Proceeds to a total of . Pursuant to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement and the Backstop Agreement, each as amended, any purchaser of Additional PIPE Securities will enter into a lock up agreement with the Company pursuant to which such purchaser will agree not to, subject to certain limited exceptions, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase, make any short sale or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Additional PIPE Securities, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to any Additional PIPE Securities owned directly by the purchaser (including holding as a custodian) or with respect to which the purchaser has beneficial ownership within the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the purchaser s Additional PIPE Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of DHAC Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise, (3) make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration of any Additional PIPE Securities or (4) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. 
 F-30 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 dhacu-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EXHIBIT-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 As of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Digital Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company, we, us, or our had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s units, common stock, and warrants. The following description of the Company s capital stock and provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the text of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Copies of these documents have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description has been filed as an exhibit. General Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 51,000,000 shares consisting of (a) 50,000,000 shares of common stock (the Common Stock ), and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 4,176,123 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding and no preferred shares are issued and outstanding. The following description summarizes all of the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Units Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of one year after the closing of the IPO, or November 8, 2022, or 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination and will expire five years after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. The shares of common stock and warrants comprising the units became separately traded on or about December 30, 2021. Common Stock Our holders of record of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our insiders, officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to the IPO, including both the insider shares and any shares acquired in the IPO or following the IPO in the open market, in favor of the proposed business combination. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we do not consummate our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (as currently extended and as may be further extended in accordance with our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our insiders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution with respect to their insider shares. Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in any tender offer or have their shares of common stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination and the business combination is completed. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. In either of such events, converting stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion of the trust account promptly following consummation of the business combination or the approval of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation. If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment is not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts. Warrants There are 12,230,913 warrants issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Public and Private Placement Warrants Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one (1) share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO. 

 However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the event of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of the completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the units in the IPO. The Company may call the warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, at any time after the warrants become exercisable, upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or to make any other change that does not adversely affect the interests of the registered holders. For any other change, the warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants if such amendment is undertaken prior to or in connection with the consummation of a business combination or at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants if the amendment is undertaken after the consummation of a business combination. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. If (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to our Sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which we issue the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the Market Value. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the shares of common stock outstanding. 

 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. We note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Bridge Warrants DHAC executed the Bridge Securities Purchase Agreement with the Bridge Investor pursuant to which, among other things, DHAC issued to the Bridge Investor warrants exercisable for 173,913 shares of Common Stock of the Combined Company (collectively, the Bridge Warrants ). Exercise The Bridge Warrants are exercisable for shares of Common Stock of the Combined Company at a price of 11.50 per share of Common Stock (the Exercise Price ), and expire at 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time five years after the date of issuance (the Expiration Date ). Cashless Exercise If at any time after the date of issuance of the Bridge Warrants there is no effective registration statement available for the resale of shares of Common Stock held by the holder, then in lieu of exercising the Bridge Warrant by payment of cash or check, the holder may elect to receive the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the value of the Bridge Warrant, or the portion thereof being exercised, by surrender of the Bridge Warrant to the Combined Company or its transfer agent, after which the holder will receive shares of Common Stock in accordance with the following formula: X = Y(A-B) A Where, X = The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the holder; Y = The number of shares of Common Stock for which the Bridge Warrant is being exercised; A = The fair market value of one share of Common Stock; and B = The Exercise Price. No Fractional Shares In lieu of any fractional share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Combined Company shall make a cash payment equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by such fraction. No Rights of Shareholders Except as provided in the Bridge Warrant, the Bridge Warrant does not entitle its holder to any rights of a shareholder of the Combined Company. Reservation of Common Stock During the term the Bridge Warrants are exercisable, the Combined Company will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of the Bridge Warrant and, from time to time, will take all steps necessary to amend its Certificate of Incorporation to provide sufficient reserves of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Bridge Warrants. Taxes All shares that may be issued upon the exercise of rights represented by the Bridge Warrants and payment of the Exercise Price will be free from all taxes, liens and charges in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously or otherwise specified in the Bridge Warrants). Adjustments Prior to the Expiration Date, the Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Bridge Warrants are subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of any of the following events: a) In the event that the Combined Company shall at any time after the date of issuance of the Bridge Warrants (i) declare a dividend on Common Stock in shares or other securities of the Combined Company, (ii) split or subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issue by reclassification of its Common Stock any shares or other securities of the Combined Company, then, in each such event, the Exercise Price in effect at the time shall be adjusted so that the holder shall be entitled to receive the kind and number of such shares or other securities of the Combined Company which the holder would have owned or have been entitled to receive after the happening of any of the events described above had such Bridge Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the happening of such event (or any record date with respect thereto). b) No adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stock receivable upon exercise of the Bridge Warrant shall be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 0.1 in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of all Bridge Warrants; provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. 

 c) If at any time, as a result of an adjustment, the holder of any Bridge Warrant thereafter exercised shall become entitled to receive any shares of the Combined Company other than shares of Common Stock, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon exercise of any Bridge Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the Common Stock receivable upon execution of the Bridge Warrant. d) Whenever the Exercise Price payable upon exercise of each Bridge Warrant is adjusted, the Warrant Shares shall be adjusted by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock receivable upon execution of the Bridge Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment, and the denominator of which shall be the Exercise Price as adjusted. e) In the event of any capital reorganization of the Combined Company, or of any reclassification of the Common Stock, or in case of the consolidation of the Combined Company with or the merger of the Combined Company with or into any other corporation or of the sale of the properties and assets of the Combined Company as, or substantially as, an entirety to any other corporation, each Bridge Warrant shall, after such capital reorganization, reclassification of Common Stock, consolidation, merger or sale, and in lieu of being exercisable for shares of Common Stock of the Combined Company, be exercisable, upon the terms and conditions specified in the Bridge Warrant, for the number of shares of stock or other securities or assets to which holder of the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercisable of such Bridge Warrant immediately prior to such capital organization, reclassification of Common Stock, consolidation, merger or sale would have been entitled upon such capital organization, reclassification of Common Stock, consolidation, merger or sale. The Company shall not effect any such consolidation, merger or sale, unless prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, the successor corporation (if other than the Combined Company) resulting from such consolidation or merger or the corporation purchasing such assets or the appropriate corporation or entity shall assume, by written instrument, the obligation to deliver to holder of each Bridge Warrant the shares of stock, securities or assets to which, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, such holder may be entitled and all other obligations of the Combined Company under the Bridge Warrant. f) If the Combined Company in any manner issues or sells or enters into any agreement to issue or sell, any Common Stock, options or convertible securities (any such securities, Variable Price Securities after the issuance of the Bridge Warrants that are issuable pursuant to such agreement or convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock at a price which varies or may vary with the market price of the shares of Common Stock, including by way of one or more reset(s) to a fixed price, but exclusive of such formulations reflecting customary anti-dilution provisions (such as share splits, share combinations, share dividends and similar transactions) (each of the formulations for such variable price being herein referred to as, the Variable Price ), the Combined Company shall provide notice thereof to the holder on the date of such agreement and the issuance of such convertible securities or options. From and after the date the Combined Company enters into such agreement or issues any such Variable Price Securities, the holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion to substitute the Variable Price for the Exercise Price upon exercise of the Bridge Warrant by designating in the exercise form delivered upon any exercise of the Bridge Warrant that solely for purposes of such exercise the holder is relying on the Variable Price rather than the Exercise Price then in effect. g) In case any event shall occur as to which the other provisions above are not strictly applicable or the failure to make any adjustment would result in an unfair enlargement or dilution of the purchase rights represented by the Bridge Warrants in accordance with the essential intent and principles hereof, then, in each such case, the independent auditors of the Combined Company shall give an opinion as to the adjustment, if any, on a basis consistent with the essential intent and principles above, necessary to preserve, without enlargement or dilution, the purchase rights presented by the Bridge Warrants. Upon receipt of such opinion, the Combined Company shall promptly make the adjustment described therein. Governing Law The Bridge Warrants are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The Combined Company and the holders of the Bridge Warrants consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts of the United States sitting in Delaware. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our shares of common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

 A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Special meeting of stockholders Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called by resolution of the Board of Directors, or by the Chief Executive Officer, or by the holders of not less than one-quarter of all of the shares entitled to vote at the meeting. Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Authorized but unissued shares Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the inclusion of such provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not be deemed to be a waiver by our stockholders of our obligation to comply with federal securities laws, rules and regulations, and the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Furthermore, the enforceability of choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 dhacu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Scott Wolf, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Health Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 12, 2023 /s/ Scott Wolf Scott Wolf Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 dhacu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Daniel Sullivan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Health Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 12, 2023 /s/ Daniel Sullivan Daniel Sullivan Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 dhacu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Digital Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Scott Wolf, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: April 12, 2023 /s/ Scott Wolf Scott Wolf Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 dhacu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Digital Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Daniel Sullivan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: April 12, 2023 /s/ Daniel Sullivan Daniel Sullivan Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dhacu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dhacu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dhacu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dhacu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

