<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1450307_0001654954-23-004804.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24849192</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>216628</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>21820739</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>939504</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>834379</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>961792</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-23-004804.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417115435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-23-004804
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CORPORATE UNIVERSE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001450307
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				852005645
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56271
		FILM NUMBER:		23823283

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE - 8334
		CITY:			CLAYMONT
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		302-273-1150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE - 8334
		CITY:			CLAYMONT
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inicia Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-23-004804.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 couv_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

couv_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter). (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered N/A N/A N/A Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022 was based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock of 0.0071 on the OTC Markets as of that date. The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 1,655,595 as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal quarter, based upon the closing sale price on the OTC:BB reported for such date. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director, and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock, have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of April 14, 2023, the Registrant had outstanding shares of its common stock, 0.0001 par value. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. Item 1. Business. 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 14 Item 2. Properties. 14 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 14 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 15 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 16 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 17 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 18 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks. 21 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 22 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 38 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 38 Item 9B. Other Information. 38 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 39 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 40 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 43 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 44 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 45 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 46 Page 2 of 48 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to Corporate Universe, Inc, we, us, our, or the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report refer to the current Corporate Universe, Inc and its subsidiaries. The Company makes forward-looking statements in this Report and in documents incorporated herein by reference. All statements, other than statements of present or historical fact included in or incorporated by reference in this Report, regarding the Company s future financial performance, as well as the Company s strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues, and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Report, the words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, will, would the negative of such terms and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations, assumptions, hopes, beliefs, intentions and strategies regarding future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. The Company cautions you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of the Company and incident to its business. These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Report, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements in this Report and in any document incorporated herein by reference should not be relied upon as representing the Company s views as of any subsequent date, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable laws. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Company s actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include the below: delays in or the inability to achieve our technology development objectives, including high volume production of supercapacitor cells at commercial size with acceptable quality, consistency, throughput and cost for successful commercialization of our technologies; delays in implementing or the inability to successfully implement the manufacturing processes, related automation, and technologies necessary for development efforts, volume production and successful commercialization of our technologies; the inability to establish supply relationships for necessary components or being required to pay higher than anticipated supply costs; the failure of our super capacitor to perform as expected; delays in starting up the expected operations of our current and planned facilities, including the addition of a pre-pilot line and dryroom facility in Oxfordshire, the inability to attract and retain customers during the development stage or for high volume commercial production; the inability to attract and retain sufficiently qualified staff to complete technology development the inability to find suitable partnerships to augment technology development, demonstration and deployment efforts the Company s future financial and business performance, including financial projections and business metrics; changes in the Company s strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects and plans; the Company s ability to scale in a cost-effective manner; the Company s ability to raise capital; developments relating to the Company s competitors and industry; the outcome of any known and unknown litigation and regulatory proceedings; and any changes to regulations; the impact of worldwide economic, political, industry, and market conditions, including the continued effects of the global COVID-19 pandemic; and the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and the implementation of our new enterprise resource planning system. Page 3 of 48 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Corporate History and Background Corporate Universe, Inc ("COUV ), or the "Company, we, us, or our was incorporated in Delaware on May 28, 1986 as Cross Atlantic Capital Inc. On January 5, 1998, the Company changed its name to Elgin e2 Inc. On June 16, 1999 the Company changed its name to Elgin Technologies Inc. On September 30, 2008, the Company changed its name to Inicia Incorporated Inicia ). On August 9, 2010, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The filing with the Secretary of State changed the name from Inicia to Corporate Universe, Inc. On June 29, 2011, the Company changed its name to Carrier Alliance Group Inc. On July 17, 2020, the Company changed its name back to Corporate Universe, Inc. Carbon-ion Energy, Inc Carbon Ion is a special purpose vehicle incorporated in Delware on December 29, 2020 that acquired Oxcion Limited Oxcion located in the UK as a wholly-owned subsidiary effective March 11, 2021 pursuant to a share exchange agreement. Oxcion had previously acquired certain assets and liabilities of ZapGo Ltd ZapGo out of bankruptcy in the UK from the bankruptcy administrator on September 11, 2020. ZapGo can trace its history back to 2013, with the mission to revolutionize energy storage to enable a sustainable future. On April 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Carbon Ion in order to complete the Reverse Merger Acquisition in the Binding Letter of Intent dated December 10, 2020. On November 12, 2021 (the Closing Date ), the Company, used as a special purpose acquisition company, consummated the Business Combination Agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement and other related documents dated April 13, 2021, by and among COUV and Carbon Ion. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, a business combination between COUV and Carbon Ion was effected through the merger with Carbon Ion as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of COUV (the Acquisition and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Share Purchase Agreement and related documents, the Business Combination ). Accordingly, following consummation of this agreement, the business of Carbon-ion became our main business. References to the Company include Carbon-ion or its busines following consummation of this agreement. Having satisfied the SEC with their enquiries over our filings (Form 10 A), we were able to close the acquisition on November 12, 2021, the Company consummated the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement with Carbon Ion and the holders (the Carbon Ion Shareholders of Carbon Ion s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.000001 per share Carbon Ion Common Shares ), pursuant to which the Carbon Ion Shareholders exchanged 100 of the outstanding Carbon Ion Common Shares, for (i) 100,000 shares of Series D preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share Series D Preferred Stock ), of the Company, and (ii) 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share of the Company Common Stock , and together with Series D Preferred Stock, the Exchange Shares , and the foregoing exchange of Carbon Ion Common Shares for Exchange Shares being the Share Exchange ). A copy of the Share Exchange Agreement was filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current on Form 8-K filed November 16, 2021. This was followed up by filing Schedule 14 F-1 on November 23, 2021. All these documents are shown as Exhibits for this 10 K filing. Overview Based on recent world events, the need for energy security is a top of the geo-political agenda, furthering the need for sustainable, renewable energy. This has been recently highlighted by the US Government s recent investment of 30 billion in renewable energy development, which is expected to be replicated by other governments across the world. Carbon-Ion is dedicated to the development of sustainable energy systems based on its proprietary supercapacitor technology. Page 4 of 48 Table of Contents The Company is positioning itself to lead its chosen markets in the UK and US by 2030 to keep pace with the worldwide goal of carbon-neutrality, initially through the development and deployment in grid services applications. Carbon-Ion will work collaboratively to become the go-to partner in the industry for projects where improved management of power enables the optimization of current and future energy storage and delivery systems across a range of applications, from power grids to transportation. Carbon Ion is developing next generation supercapacitor technology aimed at the grid and other energy storage applications. We see both pure supercapacitor and hybrid solutions, by combining (the best in class battery solutions with supercapacitors), as the ways forward to deliver sustainable energy for the next three decades and a grid which is fit for the future. Supercapacitors are different but complimentary technology to batteries. We are at the beginning of a forecasted once-in-a-century shift in moving away from fossil fuels to power our energy requirements across all demands for electricity. Key to this is the stability of the grid. Energy storage will be key to success in this transition with long, short and medium duration energy stores required to buffer the intermittency of renewable generation. Supercapacitors can, not only ensure stable frequency of the grid using short duration pulse power, but also support lifetime (improving capex and opex) of medium duration storage and provide a bridge to long duration storage which may be slow to start. Our super capacitor technology has applicability in these large and changing markets, enabling the transition to clean electricity generation without the fluctuations in frequency and supply which are inherent in renewable technologies. We have spent the last decade developing a proprietary supercapacitor technology to meet these challenges. We believe that our technology enables a new category of supercapacitor that meets the requirements for broader market adoption. The Carbon-ion (C-ion) Supercapacitor technology that we are developing is being designed to offer greater energy density and safety when compared to today s conventional super capacitors and longer life and faster charging than batteries. Supercapacitors are best used when you need energy fast. While current battery technology has demonstrated the benefits of Electric Vehicles EVs ), principally in the premium passenger car market, there are fundamental limitations inhibiting widespread adoption of battery technology. They can catch fire easily, they use rare earth materials and have limited life span and the power delivery is compromised. They are not a universally applicable energy store. Lamborghini recognised this in their recently launched supercar costing 2.5M the Sian that has adopted regenerative braking using super capacitors as their first move to electric powertrains. Supercapacitors can deliver more power, more quickly than a battery solution. As part of the VW Group, Lamborghini elected to go a different route to the rest with their first ever hybrid car, and not follow the industry orthodoxy of a Lithium battery solution. As a result, we believe a hybrid solution using new super capacitor technology with complimentary battery technology represents the most promising path to unlock a mass market shift. A super capacitor can provide that immediate fast delivery (instant kick) mechanism and then once momentum and velocity is achieved the system moves over to battery power. In this way, the system can be better optimised for both cost and performance. After 30 years of gradual improvements in conventional lithium-ion batteries we believe (like others in the industry) the market needs a step change in battery technology to make mass market EVs competitive with the fossil fuel alternative. We have gone, like Lamborghini s terzo millenio does, down a direct route to achieve this goal. Carbon-Ion was founded to develop a new class of energy storage device with considerable functional improvements over commercially available supercapacitors and we have spent the last decade developing a proprietary supercapacitor technology to meet a range of challenges. We believe that our technology enables the realisation of a new category of supercapacitor that meets the requirements for broader market adoption. The Carbon-ion (C-ion) Supercapacitor technology that we are developing is being designed to offer greater energy density and safety when compared to today s conventional super capacitors and longer life and faster charging than batteries. Supercapacitors are best used when you need energy fast. The C-Ion cell will provide specific power characteristics much higher than a typical Li-ion cell. It is designed to be classified as non-flammable and non-hazardous for transport, allowing the product to be shipped easily and to comply with both current and future regulations. Due to the method of energy storage, the cell has fewer moving parts electrochemically and can go through significantly more charge/discharge cycles and/or operate for many years of normal use. Page 5 of 48 Table of Contents The C-Ion cell is being designed for manufacture using technologies well known in high volume manufacture. This will enable Carbon-Ion to quickly scale-up production. Carbon-ion allows new products to be made and extra functions to be added to existing products, for example: Improved energy storage allows the cell to be used as the principal method of energy storage in a far wider range of technologies than conventional supercapacitors; High specific power allows very fast charging; High specific power enables the extension of Li-ion battery lifetimes and reduction in battery size through peak shaving in hybrid applications; Improved safety protects customers, allows easy shipping and opens up applications in hazardous areas; and Long cycle life allows energy storage to be installed for the entire lifetime of the device, reducing design complexity, eliminating service intervals and saving money We will continue developing our C-ion super capacitor technology with the goal of beginning transfer to commercial production in 2026. We have evaluated each of the elements required for initial success and calculated the high performance which we expect from their combination. We are now working to combine and optimize all components of the cell. We will then further develop volume manufacturing processes to enable high volume manufacturing and minimize manufacturing costs. We are looking to raise funds that will enable us to expand and accelerate research and development activities and undertake additional initiatives. As well as continuing to develop our scientific and engineering capabilities at Milton Park Abingdon England, we will use third party pilot lines, to achieve our goal of being prepared to begin the transition to high volume manufacturing capability from 2026. We intend to work closely with original equipment manufacturers OEMs to make our cells widely available over time. We recognize that our supercapacitor technology has applicability in other large and growing markets including energy storage and other electricity grid type environments such a frequency response. We expect that the heavy transport industries such as shipping, trains, planes and nascent charging infrastructure will also be featured. Our technology enables a variety of business models. In addition to joint ventures, we may look to operate solely-owned manufacturing facilities or license technology to other manufacturers. Where appropriate, we may sell know how, electrodes or other subassemblies rather than complete super capacitor cells. We intend to continue to invest in research and development beyond Gen 4.0 to improve super capacitor cell performance, improve manufacturing processes, and reduce cost subject to having raised sufficient funds to do this. Carbon-Ion was founded to develop a new class of energy storage device with considerable functional improvements over commercially available supercapacitors. The C-Ion cell will provide specific power characteristics much higher than a typical Li-ion cell. It is designed to be classified as non-flammable and non-hazardous for transport, allowing the product to be shipped easily and to comply with both current and future regulations. Due to the method of energy storage, the cell has fewer moving parts electrochemically and can go through significantly more charge/discharge cycles and/or operate for many years of normal use. The C-Ion cell is being designed for manufacture using technologies well known in high volume manufacture. This will enable Carbon-Ion to quickly scale-up production. Carbon-ion allows new products to be made and extra functions to be added to existing products, for example: Improved energy storage allows the cell to be used as the principal method of energy storage in a far wider range of technologies than conventional supercapacitors; High specific power allows very fast charging; High specific power enables the extension of Li-ion battery lifetimes and reduction in battery size through peak shaving in hybrid applications; Improved safety protects customers, allows easy shipping and opens up applications in hazardous areas; and Long cycle life allows energy storage to be installed for the entire lifetime of the device, reducing design complexity, eliminating service intervals and saving money Industry Background We believe that governmental action on climate change and the consequent drive to zero-carbon energy generation must lead to adoption of a rapidly increasing percentage of renewables in electricity generation markets. Legislation, regulation and consumer preferences coupled with growing government incentives are necessitating a once-in-a-century shift towards transient generation with basedload replaced by a range of innovative energy storage solutions. Countries around the world are promoting a shift to renewable energy generation. The dependence on fossil fuels to power electricity is one of the largest environmental concerns, and has created reliance among industrialized and developing nations on large oil and gas imports. In turn this has exposed consumers to unstable fuel and electricity prices and health concerns related to heightened emissions. Page 6 of 48 Table of Contents Adding more renewables to the grid makes for an increasingly transient generation and provides challenges with frequency regulation which can be met by using high power energy storage such as C-Ion. Stand-alone supercapacitor and Hybrid energy storage systems on the grid can provide a range of services which address changes to transmission, distribution, supply (renewables) and demand (e.g. EVs) sides of the equation. Furthermore, governments and consumers are increasingly considering alternative grid management solutions for a variety of reasons including better performance, deferring infrastructure upgrade costs, significantly lighter environmental impact, and lower maintenance and operating costs. Mass roll-out of EVs will nececitate much more of the energy we use to be transmitted through electrical grids and stored in vehicle batteries. Automakers such as Tesla, Inc. have demonstrated that premium EVs can deliver a compelling alternative to fossil fuels and as EVs become more competitive and more affordable, we believe that they will continue to take market share from internal combustion engine ICE vehicles. Bloomberg estimates that the world demand for lithium-ion batteries could reach 400GWh (Giga Watt hours) by 2025, not only as demand for electric vehicles grows, but also as battery systems are added to grids to meet the challenges that brings. The mass roll-out of EVs will challenge national grid infrastructure. In both Grid and EV, we think stand-alone supercapacitor and Hybrid solutions (using both Supercapacitors and batteries in combination) will be the future. Areas where Hybridisation with Supercapacitors boosts and protects other power and energy systems In particular, we highlight four areas where hybridisation will drive broad adoption of energy storage solutions: Right Sizing (Energy for Energy, Power for Power). Today s battery systems are generally either oversized (Grid) or run at the limit of their capability (EV) in terms of power. This leads to additional cost or shortened lifetimes and safety concerns. Our view is that, in a hybrid system, when you want power use Carbon-Ion and when you want energy use the battery. This means that the system can be optimised to maximise beneficial aspects of each technology while mitigating others. Safety (nonflammable). Carbon-Ion cells are not flammable and will not catch fire. It is also possible that they could reduce the risk of fire in a hybrid system. Carbon-ion is also more tolerant of temperature fluctuation and limits the requirement for costly cooling systems. Supply, Demand and Frequency. Short term imbalances in supply and demand cause significant challenges for frequency stabilisation on electrical grids. Left unchecked, these can result in significant power quality reductions, damage and outages. With increasingly intermittent supply (as we move to renewables) as well as intermittent demand, frequency stability is challenged. Short term power, such as that supplied or taken by supercapacitors can ensure frequency stability and their long cycle life makes them more appropriate than many battery technologies which are used for this purpose. Cycle life and cost. By taking on the high power peaks and troughs of a typical drive cycle (either EV or Grid), Carbon-Ion cells can protect batteries when hybridised resulting in longer lifetimes. Carbon-Ion cells are capable of many fast cycles thus reducing the number of cycles experienced by the battery. By right sizing and simplification of cooling and safety systems, more options are available for cost optimisation at a system level. Improvements in lifetime also lower total cost of ownership. Supercapacitor technologies on the market today provide some of the qualities necessary for the game changing systems we imagine above but are limited in terms of Energy Density and make compromises in terms of safety and sustainability. Carbon Ion aims to increase energy density more than threefold over it s own previous generation of technology (industry leading performance measured in prototype pouches) Carbon Ion does not use the commonly used but flammable and harmful solvent, Acetonitrile (methyl cyanide) in its electrolytes. Our Product Strategy The Company is developing and bringing to market the next generation of capacitive energy storage. These C-Ion cells use improved materials and efficient design to solve global problems in (i) delivery of power-on-demand, (ii) grid management and (iii) enabling technology for electric vehicles. A very wide range of energy storage technologies will be needed in order to transition from a fossil-fuel based energy system to a system fueled by renewable energy sources. We believe that solutions where best available technologies work together will become increasingly essential. We are developing C-Ion products fit for this renewable age. Page 7 of 48 Table of Contents Power-on-Demand The world is in the midst of a potential transition to fully electric living, which transition would disrupt nearly every industry on the planet. As a result, there is a critical need for better and more diverse energy storage in order for many industries to provide more impactful solutions to consumers of all kinds. We intend to bridge this gap in a groundbreaking way by delivering fast and clean power on demand to a broad range of applications from infrastructure to individual products. The C-Ion cells that we are developing have unique properties that allow them to charge and discharge extremely quickly, while still retaining meaningful energy storage. These unique C-Ion cells deliver a powerful boost with potential applications in enhanced grid revenue stacking or even powering take-off in electric-powered aviation. The Company s proposed technology and unique material properties enable an extremely fast response time that adds more value to the entire power system. C-Ion cells are designed to deliver high cycle life and ramping capabilities, along with repeated high cyclic storage with no performance degradation. This creates significant efficiencies in energy systems that will, in turn, save money, time, and resources. Grid Market Management (Dynamic Containment) Adding more renewables to the grid make for an increasingly transient generation and provides challenges with frequency regulation which can be met by using high power energy storage such as C-Ion. C-Ion and also hybrid systems on the grid can provide a range of services which address changes to supply (renewables) and demand (e.g., EVs) sides of the equation. Significant loss of grid inertia has led to more numerous frequency deviations than before, and a range of technologies is needed to move toward a grid that is fully supplied by sustainable generation. For example, in August 2019 more than a million people across the UK were plunged into darkness during one of the worst power blackouts in more than a decade after the frequency of the grid fell to 48.88Hz against its benchmark 50.00Hz. The task of keeping the electrical frequency of the grid steady is becoming more challenging because of the UK s growing renewable energy projects that do not use the same giant spinning turbines that typically help to keep frequency stable. This need to plug the gap in grid inertia will be true in every country in the world if the goal of net-zero is adopted. The technology that we are developing can perform several roles to address issues in sustainable generation. C-Ion technology harnesses the ability to perform fast-responding, short-term energy storage to take energy from or provide energy to the grid and can provide support to improve the round-trip efficiency of renewable energy generation assets. There are major problems with grid management in: (i) access to raw energy on short notice, and (ii) maintaining the frequency of the alternating current within the narrow 50Hz bandwidth. Supercapacitors can provide both the amount of power-on-demand (as in the case of an off-line power station), and the ability to balance the frequency required by all electrical equipment. As the world moves away from fossil and nuclear fuels toward green energy like solar and wind, the energy input into the grid will require energy management to keep the various fluctuations of grid systems balanced. Supercapacitors offer the speed and the volume of energy required to keep grid systems up and running in the case of a sudden loss of energy input. Electric Vehicles Many national and regional regulatory bodies have adopted legislation to incentivize or require a shift to lower-emission and zero-emission vehicles. For example, over a dozen countries including the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sweden, Germany, France and Norway have announced intentions to either increase applicable environmental targets or outright ban the sale of new ICE vehicles in the next two decades. In 2020, California passed regulations requiring half of trucks sold in the state to be zero-emissions by 2035 and 100 by 2045. In 2021, the United States outlined the target of 50 EV sales share by 2030 and the European Union proposed an effective ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2035. This global push to transition from ICE vehicles, aided by favorable government incentives and regulations, is accelerating the growth in lower- and zero-emission vehicle markets. Bloomberg estimates that the world demand for Li-ion batteries could reach 400GWh (Gigawatt hours) by 2025 as demand for electric vehicles grows. At the same time, the mass roll-out of electric vehicles will challenge grid infrastructures. We believe that our technology could address growing energy demands for electric vehicles by storing energy at low power from the grid and delivering it quickly and at high power to vehicles. Certain car manufacturers are developing next-generation electric vehicles that may support extremely fast charging. This allows charging stations to operate at megawatt rates of charge ten times faster than the current Tesla superchargers, according to TransportXtra. At these rates, recharging an electric vehicle for a 300-mile (450 km) range would be possible in just five minutes. C-Ion technology is well suited for upgrading the power output of recharging stations where the grid infrastructure is limited. Furthermore, governments and consumers are increasingly considering alternative energy storage solutions for a variety of reasons including better performance, deferring infrastructure upgrade costs, significantly lighter environmental impact, and lower maintenance and operating costs. Automakers such as Tesla, Inc. have demonstrated that premium EVs can deliver a compelling alternative to fossil fuels. As EVs become more competitive and more affordable, we believe that they will continue to take market share from ICE vehicles. Bloomberg estimates that the world demand for lithium-ion batteries could reach 400GWh (Giga Watt hours) by 2025 as demand for electric vehicles grows. We believe that this shift will occur across the entire electricity chain and market segments. However, the inherent limitations of lithium-ion battery technology continue to impede improvements in EV competitiveness and cost. At the same time the mass roll-out of EVs will challenge national grid infrastructure. Page 8 of 48 Table of Contents In both Grid and EV, we think Hybrid solutions using both Supercapacitors and batteries in combination will be the future and highlight the following four areas where hybridization will drive broad adoption of energy storage solutions: Right Sizing (Energy for Energy, Power for Power). Today s battery systems are generally either oversized (Grid) or run at the limit of their capability (EV) in terms of power. This leads to additional cost or shortened lifetimes and safety concerns. Our view is that, in a hybrid system, when you want power use Carbon-Ion and when you want energy to use the battery. This means that the system can be optimized to maximize beneficial aspects of each technology while mitigating others. Safety (nonflammable). Carbon-Ion cells are not flammable and will not catch fire. It is also possible that they could reduce the risk of fire in a hybrid system. Carbon-ion is also more tolerant of temperature fluctuation and limits the requirement for costly cooling systems. Supply, Demand and Frequency. Short term imbalances in supply and demand cause significant challenges for frequency stabilisation on electrical grids. Left unchecked, these can result in significant power quality reductions, damage and outages. With increaseingly intermittent supply (as we move to renewables) as well as intermittent demand, frequency stability is challenged. Short term power, such as that supplied or taken by supercapacitors can ensure frequency stability and their long cycle life makes them more appropriate than many battery technologies which are used for this purpose. Cycle life and Cost. By taking on the high-power peaks and troughs of a typical drive cycle (either EV or Grid), Carbon-Ion cells can protect batteries when hybridized resulting in longer lifetimes. Carbon-Ion cells are capable of many fast cycles thus reducing the number of cycles experienced by the battery. By right sizing and simplification of cooling and safety systems, more options are available for cost optimization at a system level. Improvements in lifetime also lower total cost of ownership. Our Growth Strategy Continue to Develop our Gen4 Carbon-ion technology We will continue developing our carbon-ion technology with the goal of beginning transfer to commercial production in 2026. We have evaluated each of the elements required for initial success and calculated the high performance which we expect from their combination. We are now working to combine and optimize all components of the cell. We will then further develop volume manufacturing processes to enable high volume manufacturing and minimize manufacturing costs. As can be seen below Gen4 (and subsequently 4.1 and 5.0) development activities represent a significant improvement over the existing technology, Gen 3. Page 9 of 48 Table of Contents Benefits of our technology C-ion technology is being developed to enable significant benefits across super capacitor capacity, cycle life, cell safety, unit cost and charging speed. We believe these benefits will provide significant value to customers and enable greater customer adoption by addressing key metrics, filling technology gaps and enabling mass market adoption of a wider range of energy storage solutions: Right Sizing (Energy for Energy, Power for Power) Our cell design is intended to significantly increase volumetric energy density over traditional supercapacitor cells. By eliminating as much inactive material as possible at a cell level, energy storage is maximised - initially increasing volumetric energy by around 50 . Technology strategy is then targeted to further increase each subsequent development cycle. These high-power devices have a longer duration than conventional supercapacitors and can thus be used in a wider range of circumstances. Increased safety Our cells use a non-flammable, non-toxic electrolyte and are designed to be stable to a wide range of temperature (-40 to 80 degrees Celsius). A nail penetration test was carried out and shows no reaction in the case of a Gen3 cell, we expect this to be no different for Gen4. Many other supercapacitors use solvents such as Acetonitrile (Methyl Cyanide) in their electrolytes which are flammable and harmful. Cost Our technology is being developed for mass manufacture and using materials which provide value for money. Enabling mass market adoption will bring with it the economies of scale necessary to provide cost effective solutions in a range of markets. As a hybrid system, the extra longevity of battery components within the hybrid can lower the total cost of ownership. When our technology is used to buffer inadequate infrastructure, cost can be saved in deferring upgrades. Cycle life The inherently longer cycle life of electrostatic vs electrochemical energy storage gives an opportunity for longer life of systems either through hybridisation or alone. The extra energy storage afforded by C-Ion cells gives an advantage over some supercapacitors in that fewer cycles are needed for the same energy transferred, thus increasing lifetime of systems. Page 10 of 48 Table of Contents Strategic Partnerships. Carbon-Ion is currently doing the groundwork with a view to forming key strategic research partnerships to seed the development of enabling technologies for future product generations. Where it provides good value for our shareholders, we will seek to capture intellectual property from these relationships. This kind of external innovation program not only provides benefits in terms of creating new intellectual property, but also enables thought leadership and encourages doctoral students to be trained in areas relevant for Carbon-Ion, providing a workforce for the future. Commercially, a Chief Technical Strategist with particular experience in regional and national electrical grids has been brought on board to explore strategic relationships with a range of stakeholders in electrical grids. This will provide input to our technology development and could yield strategic investments, orders etc. Develop Solutions Our technology is being designed to enable a variety of business models, but must gain a good understanding of the total cost of ownership, interfacing with grids and other external systems as well as the management of hybrid systems where appropriate. In addition to scientific research we will also undertake applications engineering and management systems development at a fundamental level in order to better understand, and meet, customer needs. Where appropriate, we may build and sell cell layers rather than complete cells. Expand Target Markets In addition to grid market development through our Chief Technical Strategist, we are entering into discussions with stakeholders in autonomous electric vehicles, aerospace, shipping, and mass transit and will continue to gather information from these sources in order to present compelling propositions to these markets. Should any market propositions prove compelling, we will engage sales and marketing professionals with particular expertise in that field to work on our behalf. Employees We currently have a team of eight (8) scientists, engineers, and other staff. We are also being assisted by third-party contractors that are providing additional support. We expect to expand our management as well as the product and intellectual-property development teams in the future in oder to maintain more control over the development of our products and to meet our business plan goals. Intellectual Property The original Zapgo technology includes multi-layer supercapacitor cells made on commercial Li-Ion battery manufacturing lines (for Mobile phone and EV batteries) in commercially relevant sizes (again Phone/EV). Our focus has been to produce core intellectual property with a focus on nano-carbons, electrolyte, and integration of C-ion, which has resulted in high density super capacitors and high voltage super capacitors. In the next phase of development, we intend to focus on the following initiatives: Self-supporting electrodes, which allow separation of current collection and physical stability in the manufacturing process; Gel electrolytes, which improve energy density and safety in the cell; New manufacturing routes, which will combine well known, high volume processes in a novel way to bring down manufacturing costs; and Continued improvements in pseudo capacitance, which creates future innovations for new technologies. Our Milton Park, Abingdon laboratory and engineering facility has been designed to serve these purposes. First, the laboratory and engineering facility provides a sufficient quantity of supercapacitor cells for internal development. And, second, our Milton Park, Abingdon laboratory will have small scale manufacturing technology elements which can be configured to develop scalable new processes. This provides the basis for limited at scale manufacturing process development with third parties at Pilot Facilities. Without this capability, retention of intellectual property in manufacturing would be difficult or costly and so any delays in subsequent buildouts of our facility may impact both our development and timelines. Capturing our forecasted cost (performance) advantage at scale as compared to conventional super capacitor cells will require our team to continue process development to achieve rates of throughput, use of electricity and consumables, yield, and rate of automation demonstrated of mature super capacitor manufacturing processes. Notably, removal of water is a process step in carbon-ion manufacturing critical to both quality and product cost. We believe achieving required process cost advances is possible; our processes are designed around some tools which are already used at scale in the battery industries with the addition of alternative processing methods that may further increase the capital efficiency of the process. However, delay or failure on these fronts, and in particular with respect to water removal, would result in a higher cost of goods sold, which may limit our ability to profitably sell our super capacitors. Page 11 of 48 Table of Contents We intend to protect and enhance the proprietary technology and inventions that are commercially important to our business, including seeking, maintaining, and defending patent rights. We plan to protect our proprietary position through a combination of intellectual property rights in the United States and globally, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and internal procedures. Our commercial success will depend, in large part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies and all respective rights to such intellectual property and proprietary technologies therein. As of the date hereof, our patent portfolio consists of 106 patents that have been filed worldwide, of which 41 have been issued, 3 are allowed and 62 are pending. Below is a breakdown of patents filed and issued by jurisdiction. Territory Filed Issued/Allowed USA 17 12 UK 11 7 EU 16 5 India 8 1 China 11 4 Hong Kong 1 0 Korea 9 4 Taiwan 12 7 Japan 11 4 PCT 10 0 Total 106 44 Our issued patents will expire commencing in December 2030 and run through to 2038. In addition, we plan to continue expanding and strengthening our IP portfolio with additional patent applications in the future. This team has focused on our technical expertise and identified over twenty (20) areas of interest where we now intend to file for numerous additional patents, subject to availability of sufficient funding. During this exercise we identified over forty (40) areas of know-how, with particular emphasis on manufacturing and performance. We may not be able to obtain protection for our intellectual property, and our existing and future patents, trademarks, know-how, and other intellectual property rights may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. Our pending patent applications and future applications may not result in the issuance of patents, and any resulting issued patents may have claims narrower than those in our patent applications. Additionally, our current and future patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights may be contested, circumvented, or found unenforceable or invalid, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing them. Our internal controls may not always be effective at preventing unauthorized parties from obtaining our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. Other companies that own patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights related to our technology-related industries frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, and other violations of intellectual property or other rights. Third parties, including our competitors, may make claims from time to time that we have infringed their patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights. As our business grows and competition rises, the risk of facing claims related to intellectual property and litigation matters will likely increase. Page 12 of 48 Table of Contents Competition In order to differentiate our Company from competitors, we will work in the following ways and according to the following principles: Targeting best in class supercapacitor energy density without adding Lithium In order to differentiate our Company from competitors, our goal is to develop a new cell architecture which increases energy density compared to its current supercapacitor (already high in this field) and introduce new material combinations to boost this further. Our technology approach should maintain high cycle life and safety characteristics while storing progressively more energy per unit volume. High barriers to entry and extensive patent and intellectual property portfolio . Since inception, we have generated nearly 100 patents and patent applications including patents around our core technology and patents around application of technology. We have a range of patents/applications, including nano-carbons, electrode structures, cell operation and applications of our technology. A portfolio of future filings is already planned covering those topics and additionally manufacturing, hybridization, battery management, conditioning and others. Strong network within battery and electrochemical communities . Being located in Oxfordshire, combined with strong networks in the Midlands and London give our R D personnel the contacts and partnerships to find new collaborators and talent. The previous UK business collaborated with the likes of Oxford University, Imperial College London and Williams Advanced Engineering and Warwick Manufacturing Group (among others). Former staff can be found in other exciting energy storage businesses and communicate regularly with current team members. Designed for volume production. Our cells are designed to use materials and processes suitable for high volume production. While our Gen3 technology was designed to be made on a Lithium ion production line, Gen4 will include higher volume elements from other industries in order to reduce cost and increase quality and throughput. An increased level of automation should be possible, allowing a very wide range of geographies to be attractive for manufacture. The addition of different processes is expected to provide a range of novel intellectual property. Hybridization driving Industry cost trends. As we have discussed, hybridization using C-Ion cells could unlock far wider and faster adoption of novel energy storage technologies. This in turn could not only reduce costs through the larger size of that market but also dramatically reduce the cost of new energy storage technologies in the way we have seen with Lithium Ion technology. There are currently several companies that are focused on the development of supercapacitors, and we expect several more competitors to enter into this market in the next few years. These competitors include Maxwell Technologies, Skeleton Technologies, Superdielectrics and NAWA Technologies. Many other companies develop or manufacture supercapacitors as part of a wider range of electronic components or batteries and also form part of the competitive landscape for the Company. Many of our competitors have greater financial resources, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition and stability, larger customer bases and significantly greater technical, sales, and marketing, and other resources than us. We expect to encounter new competitors as we enter new markets as well as increased competition, both domestically and internationally. Being a technology forward company, continued advancements, innovative new services, and new products from other competitors that are introduced may reduce demand for our solutions or make them obsolete. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties and rapidly acquire significant market share. Despite our differentiators, increased competition could also result in price reductions and loss of market share, any of which could result in lower revenue and negatively affect our ability to grow our business. Process Development Though our C-ion design is unique, its manufacturing relies on well-established, high-volume production processes currently deployed globally in other industries at large scale. We plan to outsource to OEM s to manufacture cells, but will develop the process to a point which retains significant intellectual property. Government Regulation and Compliance There are government regulations mandated by the U.S. Department of Transportation pertaining to battery safety, transportation of batteries, disposal of batteries and to some extent this also pertains to super capacitors. We will comply with these regulations if we sell our supercapacitor into the U.S. market and have confidence that the ability to fully discharge our cells and their non-flammable, non-toxic electrolyte components will make this process more straightforward than for Lithium containing cells. Hybrid systems will, of course, comply fully with all applicable safety, transportation and disposal requirements. The license and sale of our super capacitor abroad may be the subject to export regulations in the future. Page 13 of 48 Table of Contents Employees As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 8 employees, based primarily in our R D Facility in Abingdon, Oxfordshire UK. 5 of those employees are engaged in research and development and related functions, and more than three quarters of these employees hold engineering and scientific degrees at postgraduate level. We value diversity as a key enabler of novel thinking and recognize the importance of building a positive, inclusive culture to achieve a diverse and innovative workforce. Our human resource strategy is centered around the retention and development of employees which is necessary to achieve our stated aims. Other Corporate Information General information Our corporate business address is 2093 Philadelphia Pike #8334, Claymont, DE 19703. Our phone number is (302) 273-1150. Our website is www.corpuniverse.com. Our email address is info@corpuniverse.com. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual Report. Reports to Security Holders The Company s common stock is registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and will comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and file all reports required unde the Exchange Act. The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC in the SEC s Public Reference Section, Room 1580, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Section by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Risk Factors Not required for smaller reporting companies. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We maintain our current principal office at 2093 Philadelphia Pike #8334, Claymont, DE 19703. Our telephone number at this office is (302) 273-1150. The Company leases this virtual space on a month-to-month basis in a multi-tenant facility for 200 per month. The lease also provides for conference room space, co-working space and other services on an as-needed basis for an additional charge. This facility lease can be terminated upon 30 days written notice by the Company. We maintain our Research and Development Laboratory at 154c ii Brook Drive, Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxforshire England OX14 4SD. We entered into a five year non-cancellable operating lease for this laboratory space on August 2, 2021 with an average monthly rent of approximately 8,500 over the lease term, including VAT, plus utilities and a pro-rated share of any joint charges as reasonably determined by the landlord. We maintain a sales office at 8500 One World Trade Center, New York, 10007 Item 3. Legal Proceedings Other than as described below, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our Company s or our Company s subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. Page 14 of 48 Table of Contents On February 9, 2021, the Company received notice of a ten-day temporary trading suspension from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC s release on February 9, 2021 cited questions regarding the accuracy and adequacy of information in the marketplace related to publicly available information concerning COUV including: (a) a statement made by COUV on December 1, 2020 that it is currently selling a mask proven to filter 98 of COVID-19 particles and is scientifically proven to kill COVID-19 particles; and (b) a statement made by COUV on December 16, 2020 that it has entered into a definitive letter of intent to acquire a company that holds 30 patents related to Carbon-Ion supercapacitor technology. The temporary trading suspension of our Common Stock commenced on February 10, 2021 and ended on February 24, 2021. Since that time, the OTC Markets Group has discontinued the public display of quotes for this security because it has been labeled Caveat Emptor (Buyer Beware). The OTC Markets Group designates certain securities as Caveat Emptor and places a skull and crossbones icon next to the stock symbol when there may be reason for investors to exercise additional caution and perform thorough due diligence before making an investment decision in that security. In addition, COUV is delinquent with its SEC reporting requirements. The OTC Markets Group will resume the public display quotes if they are able to confirm that the company is eligible to be designated as Current Information and believe that a public interest concern no longer exists. Investors are encouraged to use caution and due diligence in their investment decisions. On October 13, 2020, we filed a Complaint in the United States District Court of Maryland (the Court under Case No. 1:20-cv-02925-ELH against three corporate entities which are shareholders of the Company s Common Stock, related to issuances of 56,666,660 common shares to them in 2010, by former management. On September 9, 2021 the Company was successful in this action and unauthorised shares issued were cancelled. On October 28, 2020, we filed an Amended Complaint which added a fourth shareholder, who holds 10,000,000 shares of our Common Stock as a defendant. This case has now been moved over jurisdiction related issues and is now before the Courts in New York, pending resolution. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. Page 15 of 48 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock was qualified for quotation on the OTC Markets-OTC Pink under the symbol COUV and was quoted on the OTC Pink until the temporary trading suspension, which began on February 10, 2021. Since the expiration of the temporary trading suspension on February 24, 2021, the OTC Markets Group has discontinued the public display of quotes for this security because it has been labeled Caveat Emptor (Buyer Beware) and placed a skull and crossbones icon next to the stock symbol to advise there may be reason for investors to exercise additional caution and perform thorough due diligence before making an investment decision in COUV. The following table sets forth the range of the high and low bid prices per share of our common stock for each quarter as reported in the over-the-counter markets. These quotations represent interdealer prices, without retail markup, markdown or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. There currently is no liquid trading market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a significant active trading market in our common stock will develop, or if such a market develops, that it will be sustained. The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for our Common Stock per quarter as reported by the OTC Markets Pink Sheets for the quarterly periods as indicated below. These prices represent quotations between dealers without adjustment for retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Period High Low First Quarter (January 1, 2021 March 31, 2021) 0.84 0.09 Second Quarter (April 1, 2021 June 30, 2021) 0.14 0.04 Third Quarter (July 1, 2021 September 30, 2021) 0.19 0.05 Fourth Quarter (October 1, 2021 December 31, 2021) 0.03 0.01 First Quarter (January 1, 2022 March 31, 2022) 0.065 0.03 Second Quarter (April 1, 202 June 30, 2022) 0.037 0.005 Third Quarter (July 1, 2022 September 30, 2022) 0.022 NIL Fourth Quarter (October 1, 2022 December 31, 2022) 0.020 NIL There was no stock price published until October 30, 2020 as a consequence of the business being not current with its filings until that date as per Form 1-U filed on relating to matters of the business dated July 15, 2020, a gap of some ten (10) years. The ability of individual stockholders to trade their shares in a particular state may be subject to various rules and regulations of that state. A number of states require that an issuer s securities be registered in their state or appropriately exempted from registration before the securities are permitted to trade in that state. Presently, we have no plans to register our securities in any particular state. Further, our shares may be subject to the provisions of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. Section 15(g) sets forth certain requirements for transactions in penny stocks and Rule 15g-9(d)(1) incorporates the definition of penny stock as that used in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. The SEC generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Rule 3a51-1 provides that any equity security is considered to be a penny stock unless that security is: registered and traded on a national securities exchange meeting specified criteria set by the SEC; authorized for quotation on The NASDAQ Stock Market; issued by a registered investment company; excluded from the definition on the basis of price (at least 5.00 per share) or the issuer s net tangible assets; or exempted from the definition by the SEC. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally persons with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 by an individual, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse), are subject to additional sales practice requirements. For transactions covered by these rules, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and must have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the first transaction, of a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock market. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent to clients disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, these rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade and/or maintain a market in our common stock and may affect the ability of stockholders to sell their shares. Shares sold pursuant to exemptions from registration are deemed to be restricted securities as defined by the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, out of a total of 2,500,000,000 shares authorized, 331,810,648 shares are issued as restricted securities and can only be sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from registration. Of such restricted shares, 175,289,220 shares are held by affiliates (directors, officers and 5 holders), with the balance of restricted shares being held by non-affiliates. In general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, a person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who has beneficially owned restricted shares of a reporting company for at least six months, including any person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the company (as the term affiliate is defined under the Securities Act), is entitled to sell, within any three-month period, an amount of shares that does not exceed the greater of (i) the average weekly trading volume in the company s common stock, as reported through the automated quotation system of a registered securities association, during the four calendar weeks preceding such sale or (ii) 1 of the shares then outstanding. In order for a stockholder to rely on Rule 144, adequate current public information with respect to the company must be available. A person who is not deemed to be an affiliate of the company and has not been an affiliate for the most recent three months, and who has held restricted shares for at least one year is entitled to sell such shares without regard to the various resale limitations under Rule 144. Under Rule 144, the requirements of paragraphs (c), (e), (f), and (h) of such Rule do not apply to restricted securities sold for the account of a person who is not an affiliate of an issuer at the time of the sale and has not been an affiliate during the preceding three months, provided the securities have been beneficially owned by the seller for a period of at least one year prior to their sale. For purposes of this registration statement, a controlling stockholder is considered to be a person who owns 10 or more of the company s total outstanding shares, or is otherwise an affiliate of the Company. No individual person owning shares that are considered to be not restricted owns more than 10 of the Company s total outstanding shares. Page 16 of 48 Table of Contents Holders As of December 31, 2022 we had 252 shareholders of common stock per transfer agent s shareholder list. There are over 9,500 Nominee shareholders of record held with their respective stockbrokers. Dividends The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the growth of the Registrant s business. Equity Compensation Plan Information The Company has not yet adopted an equity compensation plan. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities On December 31, 2021, our wholly owned subsidiary CIE, executed a promissory note in the amount of 585,000 due to an entity that is beneficially owned and controlled by the President of the COUV, who is also a director and stockholder, and received proceeds in the same amount for working capital purposes. This note is unsecured, accrues interest at a rate of 1.9 per annum, and is payable on demand. This note was sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On various dates from February 16, 2022 through October 26, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary CIE, issued promissory notes in amounts totaling 190,000 due to an unrelated third party and received proceeds in the same amount for working capital purposes. These notes are unsecured, accrue interest at rates ranging from 3 to 15 per annum and have maturity dates ranging from on demand to June 23, 2023. These notes were sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On various dates from July 26, 2022 through November 29, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary CIE, issued a series of promissory notes in amounts totaling 206,500 due to unrelated third parties and received proceeds of 199,866 for working capital purposes. The difference of 6,634 relates to transaction fees which were immediately expensed and classified in general and administrative expenses. These notes are unsecured, accrue interest at the rate of 10 per annum, and mature on June 15, 2024. These notes were sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On August 10, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary CIE, issued a promissory note in the amount of 125,000 due to an unrelated third party and received proceeds in the same amount for working capital purposes. This note is unsecured, accrues interest at the rate of 15 per annum, and matures on June 28, 2023. This note was sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On various dates from December 22, 2022 through December 27, 2022, we issued a series of promissory notes in amounts totaling 530,000 due to unrelated third parties and received proceeds in the same amount for working capital purposes. These notes are unsecured, accrue interest at the rate of 10 per annum, and mature on various dates from December 22, 2023 through December 27, 2023. Under the terms of this financing, we also issued 13,250,000 shares of its common stock. These notes and shares were sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On various dates from January 9, 2023 through April 16, 2023, we issued a series of promissory notes in amounts totaling 448,750 due to unrelated third parties for working capital purposes. These notes are unsecured, accrue interest at the rate of 10 per annum, and mature on various dates from January 9, 2024 through April 16, 2024. Under the terms of this financing, we also issued 11,215,750 shares of its common stock. These notes and shares were sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. Not applicable because we are a smaller reporting company. Page 17 of 48 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as anticipate, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks and estimates and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and summary of selected financial data for Corporate Universe, Inc. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management. Management s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition MD A is a supplement to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and provides additional information on Corporate Universe, Inc. s COUV or the Company business, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Description Of The Company Based on recent world events, the need for energy security is a top of the geo-political agenda, furthering the need for sustainable, renewable energy. This has been recently highlighted by the US Government s recent investment of 30 billion in renewable energy development, which is expected to be replicated by other governments across the world. Carbon-Ion is dedicated to the development of sustainable energy systems based on its proprietary supercapacitor technology. The Company is positioning itself to lead its chosen markets in the UK and US by 2030 to keep pace with the worldwide goal of carbon-neutrality, initially through the development and deployment in grid services applications. Carbon-Ion will work collaboratively to become the go-to partner in the industry for projects where improved management of power enables the optimization of current and future energy storage and delivery systems across a range of applications, from power grids to transportation. Carbon Ion is developing next generation supercapacitor technology aimed at the grid and other energy storage applications. We see both pure supercapacitor and hybrid solutions, by combining (the best in class battery solutions with supercapacitors), as the ways forward to deliver sustainable energy for the next three decades and a grid which is fit for the future. Supercapacitors are different but complimentary technology to batteries. We are at the beginning of a forecasted once-in-a-century shift in moving away from fossil fuels to power our energy requirements across all demands for electricity. Key to this is the stability of the grid. Energy storage will be key to success in this transition with long, short and medium duration energy stores required to buffer the intermittency of renewable generation. Supercapacitors can, not only ensure stable frequency of the grid using short duration pulse power but also support lifetime (improving capex and opex) of medium duration storage and provide a bridge to long duration storage which may be slow to start. Our super capacitor technology has applicability in these large and changing markets, enabling the transition to clean electricity generation without the fluctuations in frequency and supply which are inherent in renewable technologies. We have spent the last decade developing a proprietary supercapacitor technology to meet these challenges. We believe that our technology enables a new category of supercapacitor that meets the requirements for broader market adoption. The Carbon-ion (C-ion) Supercapacitor technology that we are developing is being designed to offer greater energy density and safety when compared to today s conventional super capacitors and longer life and faster charging than batteries. Supercapacitors are best used when you need energy fast. While current battery technology has demonstrated the benefits of EVs, principally in the premium passenger car market, there are fundamental limitations inhibiting widespread adoption of battery technology. They can catch fire easily, they use rare earth materials and have limited life span and the power delivery is compromised. They are not a universally applicable energy store. Lamborghini recognised this in their recently launched supercar costing 2.5M the Sian that has adopted regenerative braking using super capacitors as their first move to electric powertrains. Supercapacitors can deliver more power, more quickly than a battery solution. As part of the VW Group, Lamborghini elected to go a different route to the rest with their first ever hybrid car, and not follow the industry orthodoxy of a Lithium battery solution. As a result, we believe a hybrid solution using new super capacitor technology with complimentary battery technology represents the most promising path to unlock a mass market shift. A super capacitor can provide that immediate fast delivery (instant kick) mechanism and then once momentum and velocity is achieved the system moves over to battery power. In this way, the system can be better optimised for both cost and performance. After 30 years of gradual improvements in conventional lithium-ion batteries we believe (like others in the industry) the market needs a step change in battery technology to make mass market EVs competitive with the fossil fuel alternative. We have gone, like Lamborghini s terzo millenio does, down a direct route to achieve this goal. Page 18 of 48 Table of Contents We will continue developing our C-ion super capacitor technology with the goal of beginning transfer to commercial production in 2026. We have evaluated each of the elements required for initial success and calculated the high performance which we expect from their combination. We are now working to combine and optimize all components of the cell. We will then further develop volume manufacturing processes to enable high volume manufacturing and minimize manufacturing costs. We are looking to raise funds that will enable us to expand and accelerate research and development activities and undertake additional initiatives. As well as continuing to develop our scientific and engineering capabilities at Milton Park Abingdon England, we will use third party pilot lines, to achieve our goal of being prepared to begin the transition to high volume manufacturing capability from 2026. We intend to work closely with original equipment manufacturers OEMs to make our cells widely available over time. We recognize that our supercapacitor technology has applicability in other large and growing markets including energy storage and other electricity grid type environments such a frequency response. We expect that the heavy transport industries such as shipping, trains, planes and nascent charging infrastructure will also be featured. Our technology enables a variety of business models. In addition to joint ventures, we may look to operate solely-owned manufacturing facilities or license technology to other manufacturers. Where appropriate, we may sell know how, electrodes or other subassemblies rather than complete super capacitor cells. We intend to continue to invest in research and development beyond Gen 4.0 to improve super capacitor cell performance, improve manufacturing processes, and reduce cost subject to having raised sufficient funds to do this. Carbon-Ion was founded to develop a new class of energy storage device with considerable functional improvements over commercially available supercapacitors. The C-Ion cell will provide specific power characteristics much higher than a typical Li-ion cell. It is designed to be classified as non-flammable and non-hazardous for transport, allowing the product to be shipped easily and to comply with both current and future regulations. Due to the method of energy storage, the cell has fewer moving parts electrochemically and can go through significantly more charge/discharge cycles and/or operate for many years of normal use. The C-Ion cell is being designed for manufacture using technologies well known in high volume manufacture. This will enable Carbon-Ion to quickly scale-up production. Carbon-ion allows new products to be made and extra functions to be added to existing products, for example: Improved energy storage allows the cell to be used as the principal method of energy storage in a far wider range of technologies than conventional supercapacitors High specific power allows very fast charging High specific power enables the extension of Li-ion battery lifetimes and reduction in battery size through peak shaving in hybrid applications Improved safety protects customers, allows easy shipping and opens up applications in hazardous areas Long cycle life allows energy storage to be installed for the entire lifetime of the device, reducing design complexity, eliminating service intervals and saving money Critical Accounting Policies Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by our management, and such judgments are reflected in the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. In applying these policies, our management uses judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of estimates. Those estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of market trends, information provided by our strategic partners and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. Actual results may differ significantly from the estimates contained in our consolidated financial statements. Page 19 of 48 Table of Contents Results of Operations Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 Revenues Revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 0 as compared with 0 for the comparable prior year period, a change of 0, or 0 . The lack of revenue is due to the fact that the Company did not generate any sales in 2022 and 2021 from its supercapacitor technology. Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 2,166,103 as compared with 3,066,229 for the comparable prior year period, a decrease of 900,126 or 29 . The decrease in operating expenses is primarily attributable to decreases in officers salaries and general salaries and wages of 458,278 and 867,625, respectively, directly related to continuing payment obligations made during 2021 related to the purchase of the business assets out of bankruptcy in 2020 and was offset by an increase in legal and professional fees of 274,364 primarily related to the cost of bringing the Company current with it s public company filing requirements. Operating Loss The net operating loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 2,166,103 as compared with 3,066,229 for the comparable prior year period, a decrease of 900,126 or 29 . The decrease in net operating loss is directly attributable to the decrease in operating expenses described above. Other Income (Expenses) Our other income (expenses) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was expense of 319,320 as compared to income of 51,693 for the comparable prior year period, a change of 371,013. This change was primarily related to the recording of a loss on intellectual property of 210,814 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and the gain related to the settlement of the ZapGo rent obligation during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 of 121,718. Income Tax Credits Income tax credits for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 330,183 as compared to 437,994 for the comparable period prior year period, a decrease of 107,811 or 25 . These credits are R D tax credits allowed in the UK for certain payroll and related costs incurred by Oxion. The credit for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 is less than the credit for the comparable prior year period due a reduced level of payroll in the UK. Net Loss Our net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 2,155,240 as compared with 2,576,542 for the comparable prior year period, a decrease of 421,302 or 16 . This decrease is attributable to the decrease in operating expenses of 900,126 offset by the decrease in other income (expense) of 371,013 and the decrease in income tax credits of 107,811 as described above. Current Liquidity and Capital Resources for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 2022 2021 Summary of Cash Flows: Net cash used in operating activities (1,625,540 (1,806,494 Net cash used in investing activities (819,295 (278,854 Net cash provided by financing activities 3,036,645 2,054,375 Foreign currency translation (130,791 26,668 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 461,019 (4,305 Beginning cash and cash equivalents 3,208 7,513 Ending cash and cash equivalents 464,227 3,208 Page 20 of 48 Table of Contents Operating Activities Cash used in operations of 1,625,540 during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily a result of our 2,155,240 net loss reconciled with our net non-cash expenses relating to amortization of right of use assets and loss on impairment of intellectual property as well as changes in prepaid expenses, income tax credits receivable, security deposits, accounts payable and accrued expenses, payroll taxes payable, and operating lease liabilities. Cash used in operations of 1,806,494 during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily a result of our 2,576,542 net loss reconciled with our net non-cash expenses relating to amortization of right of use assets as well as changes in deferred legal fees, prepaid expenses, income tax credits receivable, COVID-19 HM furlough support, security deposits, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and payroll taxes payable. Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities of 819,295 during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily a result of 697,570 for the acquisition of property and equipment for the new laboratory as well as 121,725 for additional purchases of intellectual property. Cash used in investing activities of 278,854 during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily a result of 265,961 used in the acquisition of intellectual property. Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities of 3,036,645 during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 1,446,999, notes payable of 770,597, convertible notes payable of 206,500 and advances from stockholders of 605,049. Cash provided by financing activities of 2,054,375 during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock of 1,754,160, notes payable issued to related parties of 585,000, and repayment of loan obligations of 191,268. Future Capital Requirements Our capital requirements for 2023 will depend on numerous factors, including management s evaluation of the timing of projects to pursue. Subject to our ability to generate revenues and cash flow from operations and our ability to raise additional capital (including through possible joint ventures, acquisitions, and/or partnerships), we expect to incur substantial expenditures to carry out our business plan, as well as costs associated with our capital raising efforts and being a public company. The sale of additional equity or debt securities may result in additional dilution to our shareholders. Any such required additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. If we were unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of, delay or eliminate some or all of our planned activities and limit our operations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Inflation The amounts presented in our consolidated financial statements do not provide for the effect of inflation on our operations or financial position. The net operating losses shown would be greater than reported if the effects of inflation were reflected either by charging operations with amounts that represent replacement costs or by using other inflation adjustments. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Going Concern We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive activities. For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report on our audited financial statements that they have substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern without further financing. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risks We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Page 21 of 48 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data CORPORATE UNIVERSE, INC. Index To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 And 2021 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID # 23 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 25 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 26 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 27 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 28 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 29 Page 22 of 49 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Corporate Universe, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Corporate Universe, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company has incurred operating losses and has no product sales. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plans raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 3001 N. Rocky Point Dr. East, Suite 200 Tampa, Florida 33607 813.367.3527 Page 23 of 49 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets As described in Note 2 to the Company s financial statements, when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of revenues and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. If the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds fair value. We identified the Company s application of impairment of long-lived assets as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: We obtained management s impairment analysis on the intangibles and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed the analysis and determined if the Company assessed the intangible assets at the appropriate level. - Reviewed the qualitative factors analyzed by the Company and performed an assessment of any possible indicators of impairment. - Assessed and tested the assumptions used by management and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of whether an impairment exists. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. April 17, 2023 Page 24 of 49 Table of Contents CORPORATE UNIVERSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash Inventory Leasehold improvements refund receivable Prepaid expenses Income tax credits receivable TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS FIXED ASSETS Property and equipment TOTAL FIXED ASSETS OTHER ASSETS Intellectual property, net of impairment Security deposits Right-of-use assets, net of accumulated amortization TOTAL OTHER ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable and accrued expenses Payroll taxes payable Due to stockholders Note payable related party Notes payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Convertibles note payable TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized Series E: authorized, issued and outstanding Series F: authorized, issued and outstanding Series G: authorized, shares issued and outstanding Series C: authorized, shares issued and outstanding Series D: authorized, issued and outstanding Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit Cumulative translation adjustment TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) Page 25 of 49 Table of Contents CORPORATE UNIVERSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 2022 2021 SALES COST OF SALES GROSS PROFIT OPERATING EXPENSES Officers' salaries Salaries and wages Payroll taxes Legal and professional fees General and administrative expenses TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES OPERATING LOSS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) Settlement of ZapGo rent obligation Interest income Loss on impairment of intellectual property Interest expense LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX CREDITS Income tax credits NET LOSS OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS Foreign currency translation adjustment COMPREHENSIVE LOSS LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: Basic and diluted WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES: Basic and diluted (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) Page 26 of 49 Table of Contents CORPORATE UNIVERSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 Additional Cumulative Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated Translation Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Adjustment Total Balance, January 1, 2021 Common stock issued in reverse merger Foreign currency translation adjustment - - Net loss - - Balance, December 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock for cash - Issuance of common stock related to debt - Issuance of Series G preferred stock - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - Net loss - - Balance, December 31, 2022 (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) Page 27 of 49 Table of Contents CORPORATE UNIVERSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Amortization of right-of-use assets Amortization of note payable discount Loss on impairment of intellectual property Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventory Deferred legal fees Prepaid expenses Income tax credits receivable COVID-19 HM furlough support Security deposits Accounts payable and accrued expenses Payroll taxes payable Operating lease liabilities Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows used in investing activities: Acquisition of property and equipment Additions to intellectual property Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments on operating lease obligations Repayment of loan obligations Advances from (repayments to) stockholders Proceeds from (payments of) convertible notes Proceeds from note payable related party Proceeds from (payments of) notes payable Contributed capital Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash at beginning of the period Cash at end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Stockholder loans reclassified to additional paid-in capital in exchange for equity Operating lease right-of-use assets exchanged for operating lease liabilities Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) Page 28 of 49 Table of Contents Corporate Universe, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Use of Estimates Cash Inventory Property and Equipment Page 29 of 49 Table of Contents likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of general and administrative expenses. The Company s federal tax return and any state tax returns are not currently under examination. OXC accrues research and development R D tax credits payable by the HM Revenue and Customs HMRC in England based on 14.50 of qualified R D payroll costs. OXC, at it s sole dicretion, can elect to forego the tax credit and carryforward the qualified R D payroll costs to offset future taxable income in England. Intellectual Property Impairment of Long-lived Assets and , respectively Revenue Recognition Stock Based Compensation Expense Page 30 of 49 Table of Contents Leases Foreign Currency Translation Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share Recent Accounting Pronouncements and , respectively, has yet to commence operations, and has no product sales related to its patented battery storage technology that was acquired on September 11, 2020, all of which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. However, the Company is currently addressing its liquidity issues by continually seeking investment capital through private placement of common stock and debt. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete any additional sales of equity securities or be able to arrange for other financing to fund planned business activities. Page 31 of 49 Table of Contents Laboratory equipment Other equipment Total Property and equipment has not been placed in service and, as such, there was no depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. and , respectively, are net of reserves for impairment of and , respectively, as of those dates. The intellectual property includes various super capacitor technology patents that were acquired on September 11, 2020 as part of the ZapCo Ltd acquisition, plus legal fees subsequently incurred directly related to these patents and additional patent applications. The Company has deferred amortizing the intellectual property until it begins revenue operations in order to more accurately match the expense with the revenue. As such, there was no amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. and , respectively. On July 31, 2021, the Company entered into a three-year operating lease agreement for laboratory equipment. The lease runs through July 31, 2024 with monthly rental payments of approximately , including VAT, plus utilities and a pro-rata share of any joint charges as reasonably determined by the landlord. On August 2, 2021, the Company entered into a five-year operating lease agreement for laboratory in Oxfordshire, England. The lease runs through August 2, 2026 with average monthly rental payments of approximately , including VAT, plus utilities and a pro-rata share of any joint charges as reasonably determined by the landlord. Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value is the Company s incremental borrowing rate is estimated to be as the interest rate implicit in most of the Company s leases is not readily determinable. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company recorded and as operating lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such expense was classified in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Right-of-use assets consisted of the following at December 31: Less accumulated amortization Total Page 32 of 49 Table of Contents Long-term portion Total The maturity of lease liabilities for the years ending each December 31st is as follows: 2024 2025 2026 Total Less imputed interest Lease liabilities at June 30, 2021 plus approximately for the July payroll tax liability. Payments are to be made in five monthly installments of approximately beginning in October 2021 with the final installment due in March 2022 of approximately plus any interest that will be due. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 related to this installment payment arrangement was , which is included in payroll taxes payable on the consolidated balance sheets and was paid off in 2022. On April 2, 2022, OXC entered into an additional installment payment arrangement with HMRC for payroll taxes liabilities of approximately , including the balance due from the previous installment payment arrangement. Payments were to be in made in four monthly installments of approximately each beginning in May 2022 through August 2022, but were put on hold while the R D income tax credits through March 31, 2022 were being processed by the HM Revenue Customs. Although the R D income tax credits were finalized and remitted to OXC on August 24, 2022, an updated installment payment arrangement has yet to be established with HM Revenue Customs. Payroll taxes payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. On January 13, 2023, OXC entered into an additional installment payment arrangement with HMRC as described in Note 17, Subsequent Events . and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The balance as of December 31, 2022 represents monies advanced to CIE for working capital purposes by the President of COUV, who is also a director and stockholder. The balance as of December 31, 2021 represents monies advanced to CIE for working capital purposes by the Chief Financial Officer of COUV, who is also a stockholder. These amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and payable upon demand. due to an entity that is beneficially owned and controlled by the President of COUV, who is also a director and stockholder, and received proceeds in the same amount for working capital purposes. This note is unsecured, accrues interest at a rate of per annum, and is payable on demand. Principal outstanding in connection with this note totals as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accrued interest outstanding in connection with this note totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included within accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense in connection with this note totals and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Page 33 of 49 Table of Contents due to an unrelated third party and received proceeds in the same amount for working capital purposes. These notes are unsecured, accrue interest at rates ranging from to per annum, and have maturity dates ranging from on demand to . Principal outstanding in connection with these notes totals 190,000 and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest outstanding in connection with these notes totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included within accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense in connection with these notes totals and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On April 5, 2022, CIE executed a promissory note in the amount of due to an unrelated third party and received proceeds of for working capital purposes. This note is unsecured, accrues interest at the rate of per annum, and matures on . The difference of was recorded as a debt discount and is being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis through the maturity date of the note. Principal outstanding in connection with this note totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest outstanding in connection with this note totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included within accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense in connection with this note totals and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of debt discount expense in connection with this note totals and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unamortized debt discount in connection with this note is and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which results in a discounted note balance of and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On August 10, 2022, CIE executed a promissory note in the amount of due to an unrelated third party and received proceeds in the same amount for working capital purposes. This note is unsecured, accrues interest at the rate of per annum, and matures on . Principal outstanding in connection with this note totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest outstanding in connection with this note totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included within accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense in connection with this note totals and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On various dates from December 22, 2022 through December 27, 2022, COUV executed a series of promissory notes in various face amounts totaling due to unrelated third parties and received proceeds in the same amount for working capital purposes. These notes are unsecured, accrue interest at the rate of per annum, and mature on various dates from through December 27, 2023. Under the terms of this financing, COUV issued shares of its common stock. Such shares were valued at utilizing per share based upon COUV s most recent issuance of common shares in exchange for cash. Therefore, the proceeds from this transaction were allocated equally between the issuance of the promissory notes and the shares for accounting purposes. This resulted in a debt discount associated with the promissory notes which is being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis through the maturity date of the notes. Principal outstanding in connection with these notes totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest outstanding in connection with these notes totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included within accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense in connection with these notes totals and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of debt discount expense in connection with these notes totals and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unamortized debt discount in connection with this note is and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which results in discounted note balances of and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. due to unrelated third parties and received proceeds of for working capital purposes. The difference of relates to transaction fees which were immediately expensed and classified in general and administrative expenses. These notes are unsecured, accrue interest at the rate of per annum, and mature on . Principal outstanding in connection with these notes totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest outstanding in connection with these notes totals and zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest expense in connection with these notes totals and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These notes will convert into CIE common shares upon the completion of the COUV reorganization and the occurrence of one of the following: a) A CIE equity financing of or more. In this scenario, the notes and accrued interest will convert into shares of CIE common stock at the price per share paid by new investors in such equity financing discounted by . b) The maturity of the notes on June 15, 2024. In this scenario, the notes and accrued interest will convert into shares of CIE common stock at a price per share equal to the average of the last reported sales price for each of the ten trading days immediately prior to the maturity date. If the shares of CIE common stock are not listed on a securities exchange at that time, then the fair market value per share shall be determined by the CIE Board of Directors. Page 34 of 49 Table of Contents shares of common stock. On April 13, 2021, CIE entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with COUV whereby COUV would receive 100 of the common stock of CIE in exchange for the issuance by COUV of shares of newly issued common stock to the stockholders of CIE. The closing of the exchange took place on November 12, 2021 (the Closing Date ). In addition, the stockholders of CIE received shares in a newly created Series D Convertible Preferred Stock in COUV on a pro-rata basis, which can be convertible into an additional 60 of issued and outstanding shares of the COUV common stock from the Closing Date at the option of the holder. This would result in the issuance of approximately additional shares of COUV common stock upon conversion. In accordance with FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations and FASB ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections , when an accounting change results in financial statements that are, in effect, the statements of a different reporting entity, the change shall be retrospectively applied to the financial statements of all prior periods presented to show financial information for the new reporting entity for those periods. The financial statements of the receiving entity shall report results of operations for the period in which the transfer occurs as though the transfer of net assets or exchange of equity interests had occurred at the beginning of the period. Results of operations for that period will thus comprise those of the previously separate entities combined from the beginning of the period to the date the transfer is completed and those of the combined operations from that date to the end of the period. Shares of Preferred Stock authorized with a par value of . The Company has allocated Shares for Series C Preferred, Shares for Series D Preferred, Shares for Series E Preferred, Shares for Series F Preferred and Shares for Series G Preferred. Series E As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares issued and outstanding. The Series E Preferred has the following designations: Convertible at option of holder; The holders are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared. The Series E holders are entitled to receive liquidation in preference to the common holders or any other class or series of preferred stock. Voting: The Series E Holders are entitled to vote together with the common holders with an amount of votes equal to the amount of shares of common stock into which their shares are convertible. Series F As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were shares issued and outstanding. The Series F Preferred has the following designations: Convertible at option of holder; The holders are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared. The Series F holders are entitled to receive liquidation in preference to the common holders but not above the Series E preferred stock. Voting: The Series F Holders are entitled to vote together with the common holders with an amount of votes equal to the amount of shares of common stock into which their shares are convertible. Page 35 of 49 Table of Contents shares issued and outstanding. The Series G Preferred has the following designations: Each share is convertible at option of holder into common shares The holders are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared. The Series G holders are entitled to receive liquidation in preference to the common holders and any subsequent issuances of preferred stock. Voting: Each share of the Series G Holders are entitled to vote together with the common holders with an amount of votes equal to the amount of shares of common stock into which their shares are convertible. Series C As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Series C shares outstanding. The Series C Preferred has the following designations: Convertible into common upon the Company completing a reverse stock split upon which the amount converted will equal of the issued and outstanding common shares per the reverse split. The holders are entitled to receive dividends on par with common on an as converted basis. In the event of reorganization this Class of Preferred will not be affected by any such capital reorganization. Voting: The holder of this Series of Preferred shall be entitled to vote representing of the votes eligible to be cast in the matter. Series D As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were shares issued and outstanding. The Series D Preferred has the following designations: Each share is convertible at option of holder into common shares Voting: Each share of the Series D holders is entitled to votes on all matters before the common stock shareholders. The Company has evaluated each series of the Preferred Stock for proper classification under FASB ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and FASB ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging . FASB ASC 480 generally requires liability classification for financial instruments that are certain to be redeemed, represent obligations to purchase shares of stock or represent obligations to issue a variable number of common shares. The Company concluded that each series of Preferred Stock was not within the scope of ASC 480 because none of the three conditions for liability classification was present. FASB ASC 815 generally requires an analysis of embedded terms and features that have characteristics of derivatives to be evaluated for bifurcation and separate accounting in instances where their economic risks and characteristics are not clearly and closely related to the risks of the host contract. However, in order to perform this analysis, the Company was first required to evaluate the economic risks and characteristics of each series of the Preferred Stock in its entirety as being either akin to equity or akin to debt. The Company s evaluation concluded that each series of Preferred Stock was more akin to an equity-like contract largely due to the fact the financial instrument is not mandatorily redeemable for cash and the holders are not entitled to any dividends. Other features of the Preferred Stock that operate like equity, such as the conversion option and voting feature, afforded more evidence, in the Company s view, that the instrument is more akin to equity. As a result, the embedded conversion features are clearly and closely related to their equity host instruments. Therefore, the embedded conversion features do not require bifurcation and classification as derivative liabilities. that may be available to reduce future years taxable income in varying amounts through 2037. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these consolidated financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and, accordingly, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance equal to the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards of approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets, and adjusts the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by the valuation allowance to the extent the future realization of the deferred tax assets is not judged to be more likely than not. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of its deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income or loss, the carryforward periods available to the Company for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors. Page 36 of 49 Table of Contents and , respectively. The balance due from the HMRC for these R D income tax credits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. per annum paid in equal monthly installments, less applicable withholdings and deductions as required by law. The Company shall review the base salary on an annual basis and has the right, but not the obligation to increase it, but has no right to decrease the base salary. This agreement automatically extends for additional terms of one year unless either party gives at least six months prior written notice of non- renewal during the initial term or the then current renewal term. In addition, the CEO is entitled to receive an annual bonus up to if the Company meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on an annual basis. On April 12, 2021, CIE entered into an employment agreement with the Chief Financial Officer CFO who is also a director, for an initial term of one year with a base salary of per annum paid in equal monthly installments, less applicable withholdings and deductions as required by law. The Company is also obligated to increase the base salary on an annual basis between and at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The CFO is also entitled to receive a car allowance of per month and five weeks paid vacation per year. This agreement automatically extends for additional terms of one year unless either party gives at least six months prior written notice of non-renewal during the initial term or the then current renewal term. In addition, the CFO is entitled to receive a bonus determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on an annual basis. The two employment agreements described above were replaced by new agreements effective March 1 and March 14, 2023 as disclosed on Note 17, Subsequent Events . On February 21, 2022, OXC entered into consulting agreement with an unrelated third-party company and the associated consultant on a non-exclusive basis. Pursuant to terms of the agreement, the consultant company is entitled to receive 15,000 per month, plus qualified expenses, until it is terminated by either party giving to the other no less than three months written notice. However, OXC can immediately terminate this agreement, without prejudice, if the consultant commits a material breach or various other forms of misconduct as defined. As additional compensation, the Company s intends to recommend to the Board of Directors that the consultant be issued a stock grant equal to 3 of the post reorganized shares of CIE s common stock, when effective, on a fully diluted basis. The Company intends this grant, when issued, will vest over a three term at 1 per year as defined. Furthermore, it is the Company s intention to offer the consultant a seat on the Board of Directors, without compensation. On February 23, 2022, OXC formally settled a legal dispute with the two former executives and directors of ZapGo Limited for compensation obligations post acquisition and agreed to an Ex Gratia Payment of each. The total balance of was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 and in salaries and wages on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. These amounts were paid in full during the year ended December 31, 2022. On July 1, 2022, CIE entered into consulting agreement with an individual, who is also a major shareholder of the Company, on a non-exclusive basis. Pursuant to terms of the agreement, the consultant is entitled to receive per month, plus qualified expenses, until it is terminated by either party giving to the other no less than three months written notice. However, CIE can immediately terminate this agreement, without prejudice, if the consultant commits a material breach or various other forms of misconduct as defined. Page 37 of 49 Table of Contents as of December 31, 2022 and none of which exceeded federally insured limits as of December 31, 2021. The Company has not experienced any losses in any of its accounts and management believes not to be exposed to any significant credit risk on cash. , which is net of R D income tax credits due from HMRC of approximately as of December 31, 2022. . On various dates from January 9, 2023 through April 16, 2023, COUV executed a series of promissory notes in amounts totaling due to unrelated third parties for working capital purposes. Such notes were issued under terms identical to those described in Note 10. Effective March 1, 2023, CIE entered into a new Employment Agreement (the Agreement with the CEO, which supersedes his employment agreement dated March 31, 2021. The initial term of this Agreement is for two years and it shall automatically extend for an additional term of one year unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to the expiration of the term then in effect. Under the provisions of this Agreement, the CEO shall be paid a base salary of per annum plus annual cash bonuses and an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in amounts to be determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Concurrent with the execution of this Agreement, the CEO waived all amounts due to him under the previous employment agreement totaling as of December 31, 2022. As such, the Company wrote-off this accrued balance against compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Effective March 14, 2023, CIE entered into a new Employment Agreement (the Agreement with the CFO, which supersedes his employment agreement dated April 12, 2021. The initial term of this Agreement is for two years and it shall automatically extend for an additional term of one year unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to the expiration of the term then in effect. Under the provisions of this Agreement, the CFO shall be paid a base salary of per annum plus annual cash bonuses and an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in amounts to be determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Concurrent with the execution of this Agreement, the CFO waived all amounts due to him under the previous employment agreement totaling as of December 31, 2022. As such, the Company wrote-off this accrued balance against compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management has evaluated subsequent events through April 17, 2023, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, and has determined that there are no other events that would require an adjustment to, or disclosure in, the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. Page 38 of 49 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Registrant files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures must ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Registrant's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial and other required disclosures. At December 31, 2022, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) of the Exchange Act) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of Andrew Sispoidis our Chief Executive Officer and Adrian Jones our Chief Financial Officer. Based on this evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that at December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective due to material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting discussed directly below. Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Based on the evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; (iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and (iv) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions may occur or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management has conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of Andrew Sispoidis our Chief Executive Officer and Adrian Jones our Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, Internal Control-Integrated Framework. This Report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission do not require an attestation of the Management's report by our registered public accounting firm in this annual report. Changes in Internal Controls There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Page 39 of 49 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth information with respect to each of our directors and executive officers including their positions and age as of the date of this Annual Report. Name Age Position Jack Jeb Brooks 55 President and Director Adrian Jones 68 Director and CFO Andrew Sispoidis 56 Director and CEO Jack Jeb Brooks began his professional career in 1990 at the Management Associate training program at Citicorp. He was then assigned to Citi s branch in Taiwan, managing the relationships of multi-national corporations doing business in Taiwan. Later, he moved to London as A.V.P. of equity sales from Asia to European institutional investors. In 1997, Jeb moved to Texas where he worked at a retail bank, substantially improving net income and successfully selling the bank in 1999. Jeb then founded Merlin Engine, a private portfolio management and consulting firm. In 2017, Jeb founded the Jack Brooks Foundation as an apolitical non-profit focused on increasing citizen participation in the voting process. Brooks educational background includes a master s degree from University of Chicago and a B.A. from Wesleyan University. Jeb was an early investor in ZapGo and a major influencer in the recent journey to establish Carbon-Ion. Adrian H Jones has served in multiple Finance and General Management roles in NASDAQ listed Companies since 1987, including Avant Garde Computing, Inc, Boole and Babbage Inc, IntelliCorp, Intergraph Inc, Via Networks Inc and InfoNet Services Corporation. Mr Jones was the founding Director and CEO and the sole Shareholder of Solutions for Start-Up Ventures Limited in 2009 that was the acquiring business of the ZapGo assets from the Administrator Buchler, Phillips on 11 September 2020. Mr Jones qualified as a Chartered Accountant in England and Wales with KPMG (formerly Thomson McLintock and Co, London) in November 1982. Andrew Sispoidis is the Chief Executive Officer at Carbon-Ion Energy. As a seasoned business operator, Andrew s leadership and development skills have led 10 high-growth, middle-market and start-up companies (series A through mezzanine). With a demonstrated ability to improve performance of multi-million-dollar businesses, Andrew has a strong record of revenue and profit growth. He has managed up to 180 direct-reports and 132MM in revenue with a 52MM operating budget. Andrew has previously sold 3 companies, raised more than 250 million in capital, and returned over 1.4 billion in value. Andrew has been recognized as an Innovator by the Connecticut Technology Council and the MIT Enterprise Forum. Andrew is an accomplished speaker as a TEDx speaker on cybersecurity and has been a guest lecturer at: Fordham, Columbia, Stanford, Yale, NYU, and the University of Connecticut. Independence of the Board of Directors As of the date of this Annual Report, none of our directors are independent. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings Other than as disclosed below, there have been no events under any bankruptcy act, any criminal proceedings and any judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company during the past five years. Page 40 of 49 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation As a smaller reporting company under SEC rules, our named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (collectively, the Named Executive Officers were as follows: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary( (3) Bonus( Stock Awards( Option Awards( Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation( Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation( Total ) Jack Jeb Brooks, 2022 - - - - - - - - President and Director (1) 2021 - - - - - - - - Adrian Jones, 2022 202,852 - - - - - - 202,850 Director and CFO (1,2) 2021 188,255 - - - - - - 188,255 Andrew Sispoidis, 2022 153,000 - - - - - - 153,000 Director and CEO (1,2) 2021 348,750 - - - - - - 348,750 (1) Messrs. Brooks, Jones and Sispoidis became President, CFO and CEO, respectively, on November 12, 2021. (2) Messrs. Jones and Sispoidis salary for 2022 and 2021 was paid by Carbon-ion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and from the inception of their respective contracts with Carbon-Ion through December 31, 2021 as detailed in the Employment Agreements section below. Pay Versus Performance Table As required by Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, the following table provides information regarding the relationship between executive compensation and certain financial metrics commonly used to gauge the Company s performance during the two years ended December 31, 2022. The table below summarizes compensation values previously reported in the Summary Compensation Table above and compensation actually paid to our Principal Executive Officer (the PEO and our Named Executive Officer (the NEO ). Those amounts are identical since the former does not include stock-based compensation or any other form of non-cash compensation. Notes 1) The PEO during 2022 was Andrew Sispoidis and during 2021 the PEO was Andrew Sispoidis and Isaac Sutton who each served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 2) The NEO during 2022 and 2021 was Adrian Jones who served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 3) Amounts are based upon the closing stock prices of 0.3291, 0.0470, and 0.0250 for December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively and the assumption of the investment of 100 in the Company s stock on December 31, 2020. Page 41 of 49 Table of Contents Discussion Regarding the Relationship Between Executive Pay and Financial Metrics Total PEO and NEO pay increased from 627,005 during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 715,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 87,995 or 14 . During those two years ended December 31, 2022, the total shareholder return on an investment of 100 in the Company s stock declined during that period to 0.76, a decrease of 99.24 or 99 . During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company experienced net losses of 2,130,485 and 2,576,542, respectively. The above comparisons between total PEO and NEO pay and total shareholder return and net losses are not particularly meaningful as the two years ended December 31, 2022 was an unusual period for the Company. Specifically, it effected a reverse merger during 2021 with CIE, a company which is developing next generation supercapacitor technology with applications from power grids to transportation. Further, as the combined companies are in the pre-revenue stage of their activities, they are naturally experiencing operating losses. Total PEO and NEO pay identified above actually reflects relatively frugal compensation amounts paid to the only two officers of the Company who accomplished the reverse merger, were charged with managing the technology development activities, and simultaneously continue to raise financing to sustain such technology development. Employment Agreements On March 31, 2021, Carbon-Ion entered into an employment agreement with Andrew Sispoidis pursuant to which Mr. Sispoidis shall serve at the Chief Executive Officer CEO for an initial term of one year with a base salary of 465,000 per annum paid in equal monthly installments, less applicable withholdings and deductions as required by law. Carbon-Ion shall review the base salary on an annual basis and has the right but not the obligation to increase it, but has no right to decrease the base salary. This agreement automatically extends for additional terms of one year unless either party gives at least six months prior written notice of non- renewal during the initial term or the then current renewal term. In addition, Mr.Sispoidis is entitled to receive an annual bonus up to 400,000 if Carbon-Ion meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the compensation committee of the board of directors on an annual basis. Effective March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a new Employment Agreement (the Agreement with the CEO, which supersedes his employment agreement dated March 31, 2021. The initial term of this Agreement is for two years and it shall automatically extend for an additional term of one year unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to the expiration of the term then in effect. Under the provisions of this Agreement, the CEO shall be paid a base salary of 200,000 per annum plus annual cash bonuses and an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in amounts to be determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Concurrent with the execution of this Agreement, the CEO waived all amounts due to him under the previous employment agreement totaling 371,600 as of December 31, 2022. As such, the Company wrote-off this accrued balance against compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. On April 12, 2021, Carbon-Ion entered into an employment agreement with Adrian Jones pursuant to which Mr. Jones shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer for an initial term of one year with a base salary of 250,000 per annum paid in equal monthly installments, less applicable withholdings and deductions as required by law. Carbon-Ion is also obligated to increase the base salary on an annual basis between 15,000 and 30,000 at the discretion of the compensation committee of the board of directors. Mr. Jones is also entitled to receive a car allowance of 1,000 per month and five weeks paid vacation per year. This agreement automatically extends for additional terms of one year unless either party gives at least six months prior written notice of non-renewal during the initial term or the then current renewal term. In addition, Mr. Jones is entitled to receive a bonus determined by the compensation committee of the board of directors on an annual basis. Effective March 14, 2023, the Company entered into a new Employment Agreement (the Agreement with the CFO, which supersedes his employment agreement dated April 12, 2021. The initial term of this Agreement is for two years and it shall automatically extend for an additional term of one year unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to the expiration of the term then in effect. Under the provisions of this Agreement, the CFO shall be paid a base salary of 180,000 per annum plus annual cash bonuses and an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in amounts to be determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Concurrent with the execution of this Agreement, the CFO waived all amounts due to him under the previous employment agreement totaling 196,570 as of December 31, 2022. As such, the Company wrote-off this accrued balance against compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Page 42 of 49 Table of Contents Bonuses and Deferred Compensation We do not have any bonus, deferred compensation or retirement plan. All decisions regarding compensation are determined by our Board of Directors. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans We did not have any equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. Outstanding Equity Awards at End of 2022 We had no outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. Compensation of Directors We did not pay compensation to any of our directors in the year ended December 31, 2022. Payment of Post-Termination Compensation We do not have change-in-control agreements with our director or executive officer, and we are not obligated to pay severance or other enhanced benefits to our executive officer upon termination of his employment. Director Agreements The Company has not currently entered into any formal written agreements with members of its Board of Directors. Board of Directors Our directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The board of directors acts as the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors has no separate committees. The Company has no qualified financial expert at this time because it has not been able to hire a qualified candidate. The Company intends to continue to search for a qualified individual for hire. Independence of the Board of Directors As of the date of this Annual Report, none of our directors are independent. Page 43 of 49 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Security Ownership The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock and Preferred Stock as of March 31, 2023, post Close on such date by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each director and each of our Named Executive Officers and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. Name of Beneficial Owner (1) Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percentage of Common Stock (2) Percentage of Total Voting Power (3) Jack Brooks(4) 766,562,500 59.87 39.12 Adrian Jones(5) 209,062,500 27.40 10.67 Andrew Sispoidis(6) 209,062,500 27.40 10.67 All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (3 people) 11,184,687,500 71.00 60.46 5 Shareholders Robert DelVecchio(7) 139,375,000 19.96 7.11 Seacor Capital Inc(8) 103,511,000 16.45 5.32 Equity Markets Advisory(9) 70,068,000 11.20 3.60 Primo Ianieri (10) 29,950,990 5.27 1.53 The number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under the rules of the SEC and the information in the following table is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which such person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. ) - Less than 1 . (1) Except as otherwise below, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Corporate Universe, Inc, 2093 Philadelphia Pike, #8334, Claymont, DE 19703. (2) Applicable percentage ownership is based on (i) 568,849,670 shares of Common Stock outstanding; (ii) 100,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock outstanding; (iii) 81,032 shares of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding; (iv) 100,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock outstanding and (v) 19.675 shares of Series G Preferred Stock oustanding as of March 9, 2023, together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of March 9, 2023, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 12,937.50 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 1,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 40 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Each shares of Series G Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 4,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares into which each share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock and Series G Preferred Stock shall be entitled to 100 votes on any matter presented to common stockholders. Each share of Series G Preferred Stock shall be entitled to 4,000,000 votes on any matter presented to common stockholders. Page 44 of 49 Table of Contents (3) Percentage of Total Voting Power is based on 1,959,402,870 votes and include (i) 568,849,670 voting rights attached to common stock; (ii) 1,293,750,000 votes attached to Series D Preferred Stock; (iii) 8,103,200 voting rights attached to Series E Preferred Stock; (iv) 10,000,000 voting rights attached to Series F Preferred Stock and (v) 78,700,000 voting rights attached to Series G Preferred Stock. The Series D, E, F and G Preferred Stock all vote based on the amount of shares into which their shares are convertible. (4) Includes 711,562,500 shares of Common Stock underlying 55,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock held in the name of Merlin Engine LLC, a limited liability company beneficially controlled by Jack Brooks, issued in connection with the Share Exchange. (5) Includes 194,062,500 shares of Common Stock underlying 15,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by Mr. Jones, issued in connection with the Share Exchange. (6) Includes 194,062,500 shares of Common Stock underlying 15,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by Mr. Sispoidis, issued in connection with the Share Exchange. (7) Includes 129,375,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 10,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by Mr. DelVecchio, issued in connection with the Share Exchange. (8) Includes (i) 40,611,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 40,611 shares of Series E Preferred Stock, (ii) 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 50,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock, and (iii) 30,900,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 7.73 shares of Series G Preferred Stock issued to Seacor Capital. (9) Includes (i) 33,268,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 33,268 shares of Series E Preferred Stock, (ii) 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 50,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock, and (iii) 34,800,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 8.70 shares of Series G Preferred Stock issued to Equity Markets Advisory. (10) Includes 2,995,100 shares of Common Stock held as Nominee for an unrelated third party. SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors to file with the SEC reports of ownership on Form 3 and changes in ownership on Form 4 and Form 5. Officers and directors are required by Commission regulations to furnish to us copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, to our knowledge none of the Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers and directors were filed filed during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Other than as disclosed below, there have been no transactions involving the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. The balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 610,908 and 5,859, respectively, represent monies advanced to the Company by two stockholders, who are also officers and directors, for working capital purposes. These amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. On December 31, 2021, Oxion executed a promissory note with an entity that is beneficially owned and controlled by the President of the Company, who is also a director and stockholder, in the amount of 585,000. This note is unsecured, accrues interest at a rate of 1.9 per annum, and it is payable on demand. Page 45 of 49 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The following is a summary of the fees billed to us by Accell Audit Compliance for professional services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Audit Fees 38,500 26,000 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - 38,500 26,000 Audit Fees - Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements and review of interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit Related Fees - Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees . Tax Fees - Consists of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation of federal and state income tax returns. All Other Fees - Consists of fees for product and services other than the services reported above. Board of Directors' Pre-Approval Policies Our Board of Directors' policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit related services, tax services, and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to the Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date. The Board of Directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed with Accell, our audited consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Board of Directors also has discussed with the matters required to be discussed pursuant to SAS No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU Section 380), which includes, among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of our consolidated financial statements. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Board of Directors determined that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for filing with the SEC. Page 46 of 49 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) List the following documents filed as part of this report (1) Financial Statements: The consolidated financial statements required by this Item are included beginning at page F-1. (2) Financial Statement Schedules: All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021). 3.2 By-laws, (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021) 3.3 Certificate of Designation for the Series C Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 30, 2021). 3.4 Certificate of Designation for the Series D Preferred Stock, dated November 12, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(ii) to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2021). 3.5 Certificate of Designation for the Series E Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 30, 2021). 3.6 Certificate of Designation for the Series F Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 30, 2021). 3.7 Certificate of Designation for the Series G Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 30, 2021). 3.8 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series E Preferred Stock, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 3.9 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series F Preferred Stock, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 3.10 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series G Preferred Stock, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 4.1 Description of the Company s Capital Stock 4.2 3 Promissory Note dated February 16, 2022 in the amount of 75,000 issued by Carbon-Ion filed as an Exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on July 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 4.3 15 Promissory Note dated April 9, 2022 in the amount of 275,000 issued by Carbon-Ion filed as an Exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on July 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 4.4 15 Promissory Note dated June 28, 2022 in the amount of 125,000 issued by Carbon-Ion filed as an Exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on July 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 4.5 15 Promissory Note dated June 24, 2022 in the amount of 100,000 issued by Carbon-Ion 4.6 15 Promissory Note dated October 26, 2022 in the amount of 15,000 issued by Carbon-Ion 4.7 Form of Convertible Promissory Note issued by Carbon-Ion from July 26, 2022 through November 29, 2022 4.8 Form of Promissory Note issued by Corporate Universe beginning in December 2022. 10.1+ Consulting Agreement with Sutton Global Associates, Inc. dated July 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021). 10.2 Share Exchange Agreement with Carbon Ion dated April 13, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021) Page 47 of 49 Table of Contents 10.3 Promissory Note issued by Carbon Ion dated April 13, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021) 10.4 Security Agreement issued by Carbon Ion and Oxcion dated April 13, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021) 10.5 Termination Agreement dated April 13, 2021 and Prior Notes Replaced by April 13, 2021 Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021) 10.6 Binding Letter of Intent dated December 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021) 10.7+ Employment Agreement dated March 31, 2021 between Carbon-Ion Energy, Inc. and Andrew Sispoidis, filed as an Exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on July 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.8+ Employment Agreement dated April 12, 2021 between Carbon-Ion Energy, Inc. Company and Adrian Jones filed as an Exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on July 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.9 + Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2023 between Carbon-Ion Energy, Inc. and Andrew Sispoidis 10.10 + Employment Agreement dated March 14, 2023 between Carbon-Ion Energy, Inc. and Adrian Jones 10.11 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement issued by Corporate Universe beginning in December 2022. 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant filed as an Exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on July 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 99.1 List of Zapgo Patents (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form 10 filed on April 26, 2021) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted in Inline XBRL + Filed herewith Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Item 16. Form 10 K Summary Not applicable. Page 48 of 49 Table of Contents SIGNATURES SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Corporate Universe, Inc. Date: April 17, 2023 By /s/ Jack Brooks Jack Brooks, President Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on April 17, 2023. Signature Capacity /s/ Jack Brooks President and director Jack Brooks (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Adrian Jones Chief Financial Officer and director Adrian Jones (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Andrew Sispoidis Chief Executive Officer and director Andrew Sispoidis Page 49 of 49 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 couv_ex41.htm
 EX-4.1
 
 couv_ex41.htm EXHIBIT 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Our authorized capital stock consists of 2,500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value and 1,00,000,shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. As of December 31, 2022, there were 568,849,670 shares of our common stock outstanding that were held of record by approximately 252 stockholders of record. The following description is only a summary. You should also refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, both of which have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit forms a part. Common Stock Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors, and each holder does not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they so choose. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock which we may designate in the future. Preferred Stock The Company has 1,000,000 Shares of Preferred Stock authorized with a par value of 0.0001. The Company has allocated 100,000 Shares for Series C Preferred, 100,000 Shares for Series D Preferred, 81,100 Shares for Series E Preferred, 100,000 Shares for Series F Preferred and 25 Shares for Series G Preferred. Series E As of December 31, 2022, there were 81,032 shares issued and outstanding, respectively. The Series E Preferred has the following designations: Convertible at option of holder; 1 preferred share is convertible into 1,000 common shares The holders are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared. The Series E holders are entitled to receive liquidation in preference to the common holders or any other class or series of preferred stock. Voting: The Series E Holders are entitled to vote together with the common holders with an amount of votes equal to the amount of shares of common stock into which their shares are convertible. Series F As of December 31, 2022 there were 100,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively. The Series F Preferred has the following designations: Convertible at option of holder; 1 preferred share is convertible into 0.25 per share (4,000,000 common shares) The holders are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared. The Series F holders are entitled to receive liquidation in preference to the common holders but not above the Series E preferred stock. Voting: The Series F Holders are entitled to vote together with the common holders with an amount of votes equal to the amount of shares of common stock into which their shares are convertible.. -1- Series G As of December 31, 2022 there were 20 shares issued and outstanding, respectively. The Series G Preferred has the following designations: Each share is convertible at option of holder into 4,000,000 common shares The holders are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared. The Series G holders are entitled to receive liquidation in preference to the common holders and any subsequent issuances of preferred stock. Voting: Voting: The Series G Holders are entitled to vote together with the common holders with an amount of votes equal to the amount of shares of common stock into which their shares are convertible.. Series C As of December 31, 2022, there are no Series C shares outstanding. The Series C Preferred has the following designations: Convertible into common upon the Company completing a reverse stock split upon which the amount converted will equal 20 of the issued and outstanding common shares per the reverse split. The holders are entitled to receive dividends on par with common on an as converted basis. In the event of reorganization this Class of Preferred will not be affected by any such capital reorganization. Voting: The holder of this Series of Preferred shall be entitled to vote representing 20 of the votes eligible to be cast in the matter. Series D As of December 31, 2022 there were 100,000 shares issued and outstanding. The Series D Preferred has the following designations: Each share is convertible at option of holder into 12,937.50 common shares Voting: Voting: The Series D Holders are entitled to vote together with the common holders with an amount of votes equal to the amount of shares of common stock into which their shares are convertible.. Options As of December 31, 2022, we have not issued any options. Warrants As of December 31, 2022, we have no warrants issued. Effect of Certain Provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and the Delaware Anti-Takeover Provisions Some provisions of Delaware law and our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make our acquisition by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, and the removal of incumbent officers and directors more difficult. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to promote stability in our management. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws provide for the following: Preferred Stock . The ability to authorize preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of the Company. These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of us. -2- Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations. Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors. Stockholder Meetings . Our charter documents provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by resolution adopted by the majority board of directors, the chairman of the board of directors or the chief executive officer. Amendment of Bylaws. Our board of directors have the sole power to amend the bylaws. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law We are not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 will not apply to us. Transfer Agent and Registrar We have engaged the services of Pacific, Inc. as our transfer agent and registrar -3- 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 couv_ex45.htm
 EX-4.5
 
 couv_ex45.htm EXHIBIT 5.1 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.6>
 4
 couv_ex46.htm
 EX-4.6
 
 couv_ex46.htm EXHIBIT 4.6 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-4.7>
 5
 couv_ex47.htm
 EX-4.7
 
 couv_ex47.htm EXHIBIT 4.7 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-4.8>
 6
 couv_ex48.htm
 EX-4.8
 
 couv_ex48.htm EXHIBIT 4.8 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-10.9>
 7
 couv_ex109.htm
 EX-10.9
 
 couv_ex109.htm EXHIBIT 10.9 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered into as of this 1st day of March 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between Carbon-Ion Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation with offices at One World Trade Center, 85 th Floor, New York, NY 10007 (the Corporation ), and Andrew Sispoidis, an individual residing at 7 Gay St, New York, NY 10014 (the Executive ), under the following circumstances: RECITALS: A. The Corporation desires to secure the services of the Executive upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; B. The Executive desires to render services to the Corporation upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and C. The Corporation and the Executive desire for this Agreement to constitute and embody their full and complete understanding and agreement with respect to the Executive s employment by the Corporation. NOW, THEREFORE, the parties mutually agree as follows: 1. Employment . The Corporation hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby accepts employment as an executive officer of the Corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 2. Duties . The Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, with such duties, responsibilities, and authority as are commensurate and consistent with his position, and such other duties, responsibilities and authority as may be, from time to time, reasonably assigned to him by the Board of Directors (the Board or Chairman of the Board of the Corporation. In this capacity the Executive shall be responsible to lead and manage all of the operations of the Corporation. During the Term (as defined herein), the Executive shall report directly to the Board of the Corporation. The Executive shall obey the lawful directions of the Board to whom the Executive reports and shall use his diligent efforts to promote the interests of the Corporation and to maintain and promote the reputation thereof. 3. Term of Employment . The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for two (2) years (the Initial Term from such date and shall automatically be extended for additional terms of one (1) year each (each a Renewal Term unless either party gives prior written notice of non-renewal to the other party no later than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term Non-Renewal Notice ), or the then current Renewal Term, as the case may be. For purposes of this Agreement, the Initial Term and any Renewal Term are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Term . 1 4. Compensation of Executive . (a) The Corporation shall pay the Executive as compensation for his services hereunder, in equal monthly installments during the Term, the sum of 200,000 per annum (as in effect from time to time, the Base Salary ), less such deductions as shall be required to be withheld by applicable law and regulations. The Corporation shall review the Base Salary on an annual basis and has the right but not the obligation to increase it, but has no right to decrease the Base Salary. (b) In addition to the Base Salary set forth in Section 4(a) above, the Executive shall be entitled to receive an annual cash bonus Annual Bonus in an amount set at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee if the Corporation meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee for earning bonuses, which criteria shall be adopted by the Compensation Committee annually after consultation with the Executive and which criteria must be reasonably likely to be attainable. Annual Bonuses shall be paid by the Corporation to the Executive promptly after the year end, it being understood that the Compensation Committee s determinations concerning attainment of any financial targets associated with any bonus determination shall not be determined until following the completion of the Corporation s annual audit, if any, but in no event later than April 15 th of the year following the year for which it is being paid (and if the Executive was employed as of last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates, then the Executive shall be entitled to the Annual Bonus for such year, even if he is not employed by the Corporation on the date the Annual Bonus is paid for such last year). The Compensation Committee may provide for lesser or greater percentage Annual Bonus payments for Executive upon achievement of partial or additional criteria established or determined by the Compensation Committee from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, if Executive is employed upon expiration of the Term of this Agreement, he shall be entitled to the Annual Bonus for such last year on a pro-rata basis through the last date of employment, even if he is not employed by the Corporation on the date the Annual Bonus is paid for such last year. In his sole discretion and subject to applicable law, the Executive may elect to receive such annual bonus in shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), of the Corporation at the basis determined by the Compensation Committee in good faith. (c) Subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee, the Executive will be granted an option (the Option to purchase up to _____________ shares of the Corporation s Common Stock at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Corporation s Common Stock on the date of grant, under the Corporation s Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, as set forth in the Plan and the applicable Incentive Stock Option Agreement. (d) The Corporation shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses actually incurred or paid by the Executive in the course of his employment, consistent with the Corporation s policy for reimbursement of expenses from time to time. (e) The Corporation shall execute and deliver in favor of the Executive an indemnification agreement on the same terms and conditions entered into with the other officers and directors of the Corporation. Such agreement shall provide for the indemnification of the Executive for the Term of his employment and for a period of at least six (6) years thereafter. The Corporation shall maintain directors and officers insurance during the Term and for a period of at least six (6) years thereafter. 5. Termination . (a) This Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate upon the happening of any of the following events: 2 (i) Termination by the Corporation for Cause, Upon Death or Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean: (i) Executive s grossly negligent or willful disregard of the lawful and reasonable directives of the Board clearly communicated to Executive and which remains uncured after thirty (30) days written notice from the Corporation notifying Executive of such gross negligence or willful misconduct in reasonable detail; (ii) Executive s material breach of the terms of this Agreement which remains uncured after thirty (30) days written notice from the Corporation notifying Executive of such breach in reasonable detail (and if such breach is of a nature that it cannot reasonably be cured within thirty (30) days, as long as the cure is commenced and continuing within such thirty (30) day period, Executive shall have a reasonable period of time to cure such breach); (iii) engages in misconduct that cause material harm to the financial condition or reputation of the Corporation or any of its affiliates; or (iv) Executive pleads guilty or no contest to or is indicted for or convicted of a felony under federal or state law or as a crime under federal or state law which involves Executive s fraud or dishonesty, for which such termination shall be immediate. The Corporation may terminate Executive s employment for Cause immediately. The Corporation may terminate Executive immediately upon death or upon Disability (as defined herein) in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 5(a)(iii) below. In the event of a termination for Cause, upon Disability (as defined herein) or death, Executive shall be paid: (i) his then Base Salary accrued up to and including the date of termination, paid within thirty (30) days, (ii) unreimbursed business expenses, paid in accordance with this Agreement and the Corporation s policies, and (iii) any accrued benefits under any Corporation benefit plan, paid pursuant to the terms of such benefit plan (collectively, the Accrued Obligations ). (ii) Termination by the Corporation other than for Cause or Resignation by the Executive . The Corporation may, or Executive for Good Reason (as hereinafter defined) may, terminate the Term at any time and for any reason upon sixty (60) days written notice. If the Corporation or the Executive terminates the Term pursuant to this Section, Executive shall be paid the Accrued Obligations, and the Severance Payment. For purposes hereof, the term Severance Payment shall mean 200,000, which is an amount equal to one year of Base Salary as a lump sum, paid within thirty (30) days from the date of termination, or in equal monthly installments for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months, immediately following the date of termination. For purposes hereof, the term Good Reason shall mean the termination of this Agreement by the Executive following (i) any involuntary reduction in the Base Salary, vacation or benefits opportunity; (ii) any involuntary material diminution in the responsibilities, authority or duties of the Executive, except in the event of a termination for Cause or due to death, Disability or resignation without Good Reason; (iii) any non-consensual required relocation of Executive s principal place of employment beyond a fifteen (15) mile radius of Executive s then principal place of employment (which, for purposes of clarification, is a material change in the geographic location of which the Executive must provide services); or (iv) a Substantial Breach if such Substantial Breach shall not have been cured by the Company within 15 days of receipt by the Board of written notice from the Employee of the occurrence of such Substantial Breach (as hereinafter defined), describing such Substantial Breach in reasonable detail and identifying such occurrence or circumstance as a Substantial Breach under this Agreement. For purposes hereof, the term Substantial Breach means any material breach by the Corporation of its obligations to compensate the Executive pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided , however , that Substantial Breach shall not include a termination of the Executive s employment for Cause or due to death or Disability; and provided , further , that no Substantial Breach shall be deemed to exist at any time that a basis for termination for Cause exists. (iii) Definition of Disability . For the purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean that Executive has become physically or mentally unable to perform his duties for the Corporation hereunder and such incapacity has continued for a total of ninety (90) consecutive days or for any one hundred eighty (180) days in a period of three hundred sixty-five (365) consecutive days. 3 6. Intentionally Omitted . 7. Intentionally Omitted . 8. Disclosure of Confidential Information . The Executive recognizes, acknowledges and agrees that he has had and will continue to have access to secret and confidential information regarding the Corporation, including but not limited to, its products, formulae, patents, sources of supply, customer dealings, data, know-how, and business plans, provided such information is not in or does not hereafter become part of the public domain, or become known to others through no fault of the Executive. The Executive acknowledges that such information is of great value to the Corporation, is the sole property of the Corporation, and has been and will be acquired by him in confidence. In consideration of the obligations undertaken by the Corporation herein, the Executive will not, at any time, during or after his employment hereunder, reveal, divulge, or make known to any person any information acquired by the Executive during the course of his employment, which is treated as confidential by the Corporation, and not otherwise in the public domain. The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. All references to the Corporation in Section 8 hereof shall include any subsidiary of the Corporation. 9. Intentionally Omitted . 10. Miscellaneous . (a) The Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special, unique, and extraordinary character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach by him of Section 8 of this Agreement shall entitle the Corporation, in addition to all other legal remedies available to it, to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties understand and intend that each restriction agreed to by the Executive hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from every other restriction, that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability, in whole or in part, of any other restriction, and that one or more or all of such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant. In the event that any restriction in this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Corporation seeks enforcement thereof, such restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set forth shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights or remedies that the Corporation may have at law or in equity. (b) Neither the Executive nor the Corporation may assign or delegate any of their rights or duties under this Agreement without the express written consent of the other; provided, however, that the Corporation shall have the right to delegate its obligation of payment of all sums due to the Executive hereunder, provided that such delegation shall not relieve the Corporation of any of its obligations hereunder. (c) This Agreement constitutes and embodies the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the Executive s employment by the Corporation, supersedes, as of the Effective Date, all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between the Executive and the Corporation with respect to such employment, and shall not be amended, modified, or changed except by an instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged. The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time. 4 (d) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and enforceable against, the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs, beneficiaries, and permitted assigns. (e) The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. (f) All notices, requests, demands, and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered, sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by private overnight mail service (e.g. Federal Express) to the party at the address set forth above or to such other address as either party may hereafter give notice of in accordance with the provisions hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date actually received or the third (3 rd business day after sending. (g) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without reference to principles of conflicts of laws and each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts located in the State of New York. (h) This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. CORPORATION: Carbon-Ion Energy, Inc. /s/ Jack Brooks By: Jack Brook Title: Chairman and President EXECUTIVE: /s/ Andrew Sispoidis By: Andrew Sispoidis 5 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 8
 couv_ex1010.htm
 EX-10.10
 
 couv_ex1010.htm EXHIBIT 10.10 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered into as of this 14 th day of March 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between Carbon-Ion Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation with offices at One World Trade Center, 85 th Floor, New York, NY 10007 (the Corporation ), and --Adrian Jones, an individual residing at The Old Cottage, Winterbourne, Newbury, RG20 8BB, England (the Executive ), under the following circumstances: RECITALS: A. The Corporation desires to secure the services of the Executive upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; B. The Executive desires to render services to the Corporation upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and C. The Corporation and the Executive desire for this Agreement to constitute and embody their full and complete understanding and agreement with respect to the Executive s employment by the Corporation. NOW, THEREFORE, the parties mutually agree as follows: 1. Employment . The Corporation hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts employment as an executive officer of the Corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 2. Duties . The Executive shall serve as the Chief Finance Officer of the Corporation, with such duties, responsibilities, and authority as are commensurate and consistent with his position, and such other duties, responsibilities and authority as may be, from time to time, reasonably assigned to him by the Board of Directors (the Board or Chairman of the Board of the Corporation. In this capacity the Executive shall be responsible to lead and manage all of the operations of the Corporation. During the Term (as defined herein), the Executive shall report directly to the Board of the Corporation. The Executive shall obey the lawful directions of the Board to whom the Executive reports and shall use his diligent efforts to promote the interests of the Corporation and to maintain and promote the reputation thereof. 3. Term of Employment . The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for two (2) years (the Initial Term from such date and shall automatically be extended for additional terms of one (1) year each (each a Renewal Term unless either party gives prior written notice of non-renewal to the other party no later than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term Non-Renewal Notice ), or the then current Renewal Term, as the case may be. For purposes of this Agreement, the Initial Term and any Renewal Term are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Term . 1 4. Compensation of Executive . (a) The Corporation shall pay the Executive as compensation for his services hereunder, in equal monthly installments during the Term, the sum of 180,000 per annum (as in effect from time to time, the Base Salary ), less such deductions as shall be required to be withheld by applicable law and regulations. The Corporation shall review the Base Salary on an annual basis and has the right but not the obligation to increase it, but has no right to decrease the Base Salary. (b) In addition to the Base Salary set forth in Section 4(a) above, the Executive shall be entitled to receive an annual cash bonus Annual Bonus in an amount set at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee if the Corporation meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee for earning bonuses, which criteria shall be adopted by the Compensation Committee annually after consultation with the Executive and which criteria must be reasonably likely to be attainable. Annual Bonuses shall be paid by the Corporation to the Executive promptly after the year end, it being understood that the Compensation Committee s determinations concerning attainment of any financial targets associated with any bonus determination shall not be determined until following the completion of the Corporation s annual audit, if any, but in no event later than April 15 th of the year following the year for which it is being paid (and if the Executive was employed as of last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates, then the Executive shall be entitled to the Annual Bonus for such year, even if he is not employed by the Corporation on the date the Annual Bonus is paid for such last year). The Compensation Committee may provide for lesser or greater percentage Annual Bonus payments for Executive upon achievement of partial or additional criteria established or determined by the Compensation Committee from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, if Executive is employed upon expiration of the Term of this Agreement, he shall be entitled to the Annual Bonus for such last year on a pro-rata basis through the last date of employment, even if he is not employed by the Corporation on the date the Annual Bonus is paid for such last year. In his sole discretion and subject to applicable law, the Executive may elect to receive such annual bonus in shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), of the Corporation at the basis determined by the Compensation Committee in good faith. (c) Subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee, the Executive will be granted an option (the Option to purchase up to _____________ shares of the Corporation s Common Stock at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Corporation s Common Stock on the date of grant, under the Corporation s Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, as set forth in the Plan and the applicable Incentive Stock Option Agreement. (d) The Corporation shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses actually incurred or paid by the Executive in the course of his employment, consistent with the Corporation s policy for reimbursement of expenses from time to time. (e) The Corporation shall execute and deliver in favor of the Executive an indemnification agreement on the same terms and conditions entered into with the other officers and directors of the Corporation. Such agreement shall provide for the indemnification of the Executive for the Term of his employment and for a period of at least six (6) years thereafter. The Corporation shall maintain directors and officers insurance during the Term and for a period of at least six (6) years thereafter. 5. Termination . (a) This Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate upon the happening of any of the following events: 2 (i) Termination by the Corporation for Cause, Upon Death or Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean: (i) Executive s grossly negligent or willful disregard of the lawful and reasonable directives of the Board clearly communicated to Executive and which remains uncured after thirty (30) days written notice from the Corporation notifying Executive of such gross negligence or willful misconduct in reasonable detail; (ii) Executive s material breach of the terms of this Agreement which remains uncured after thirty (30) days written notice from the Corporation notifying Executive of such breach in reasonable detail (and if such breach is of a nature that it cannot reasonably be cured within thirty (30) days, as long as the cure is commenced and continuing within such thirty (30) day period, Executive shall have a reasonable period of time to cure such breach); (iii) engages in misconduct that cause material harm to the financial condition or reputation of the Corporation or any of its affiliates; or (iv) Executive pleads guilty or no contest to or is indicted for or convicted of a felony under federal or state law or as a crime under federal or state law which involves Executive s fraud or dishonesty, for which such termination shall be immediate. The Corporation may terminate Executive s employment for Cause immediately. The Corporation may terminate Executive immediately upon death or upon Disability (as defined herein) in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 5(a)(iii) below. In the event of a termination for Cause, upon Disability (as defined herein) or death, Executive shall be paid: (i) his then Base Salary accrued up to and including the date of termination, paid within thirty (30) days, (ii) unreimbursed business expenses, paid in accordance with this Agreement and the Corporation s policies, and (iii) any accrued benefits under any Corporation benefit plan, paid pursuant to the terms of such benefit plan (collectively, the Accrued Obligations ). (ii) Termination by the Corporation other than for Cause or Resignation by the Executive . The Corporation may, or Executive for Good Reason (as hereinafter defined) may, terminate the Term at any time and for any reason upon sixty (60) days written notice. If the Corporation or the Executive terminates the Term pursuant to this Section, Executive shall be paid the Accrued Obligations, and the Severance Payment. For purposes hereof, the term Severance Payment shall mean 180,000, which is an amount equal to one year of Base Salary as a lump sum, paid within thirty (30) days from the date of termination, or in equal monthly installments for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months, immediately following the date of termination. For purposes hereof, the term Good Reason shall mean the termination of this Agreement by the Executive following (i) any involuntary reduction in the Base Salary, vacation or benefits opportunity; (ii) any involuntary material diminution in the responsibilities, authority or duties of the Executive, except in the event of a termination for Cause or due to death, Disability or resignation without Good Reason; (iii) any non-consensual required relocation of Executive s principal place of employment beyond a fifteen (15) mile radius of Executive s then principal place of employment (which, for purposes of clarification, is a material change in the geographic location of which the Executive must provide services); or (iv) a Substantial Breach if such Substantial Breach shall not have been cured by the Company within 15 days of receipt by the Board of written notice from the Employee of the occurrence of such Substantial Breach (as hereinafter defined), describing such Substantial Breach in reasonable detail and identifying such occurrence or circumstance as a Substantial Breach under this Agreement. For purposes hereof, the term Substantial Breach means any material breach by the Corporation of its obligations to compensate the Executive pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided , however , that Substantial Breach shall not include a termination of the Executive s employment for Cause or due to death or Disability; and provided , further , that no Substantial Breach shall be deemed to exist at any time that a basis for termination for Cause exists. (iii) Definition of Disability . For the purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean that Executive has become physically or mentally unable to perform his duties for the Corporation hereunder and such incapacity has continued for a total of ninety (90) consecutive days or for any one hundred eighty (180) days in a period of three hundred sixty-five (365) consecutive days. 3 6. Intentionally Omitted . 7. Intentionally Omitted . 8. Disclosure of Confidential Information . The Executive recognizes, acknowledges and agrees that he has had and will continue to have access to secret and confidential information regarding the Corporation, including but not limited to, its products, formulae, patents, sources of supply, customer dealings, data, know-how, and business plans, provided such information is not in or does not hereafter become part of the public domain, or become known to others through no fault of the Executive. The Executive acknowledges that such information is of great value to the Corporation, is the sole property of the Corporation, and has been and will be acquired by him in confidence. In consideration of the obligations undertaken by the Corporation herein, the Executive will not, at any time, during or after his employment hereunder, reveal, divulge, or make known to any person any information acquired by the Executive during the course of his employment, which is treated as confidential by the Corporation, and not otherwise in the public domain. The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. All references to the Corporation in Section 8 hereof shall include any subsidiary of the Corporation. 9. Intentionally Omitted . 10. Miscellaneous . (a) The Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special, unique, and extraordinary character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach by him of Section 8 of this Agreement shall entitle the Corporation, in addition to all other legal remedies available to it, to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties understand and intend that each restriction agreed to by the Executive hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from every other restriction, that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability, in whole or in part, of any other restriction, and that one or more or all of such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant. In the event that any restriction in this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Corporation seeks enforcement thereof, such restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set forth shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights or remedies that the Corporation may have at law or in equity. (b) Neither the Executive nor the Corporation may assign or delegate any of their rights or duties under this Agreement without the express written consent of the other; provided, however, that the Corporation shall have the right to delegate its obligation of payment of all sums due to the Executive hereunder, provided that such delegation shall not relieve the Corporation of any of its obligations hereunder. (c) This Agreement constitutes and embodies the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the Executive s employment by the Corporation, supersedes, as of the Effective Date, all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between the Executive and the Corporation with respect to such employment, and shall not be amended, modified, or changed except by an instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged. The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time. 4 (d) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and enforceable against, the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs, beneficiaries, and permitted assigns. (e) The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. (f) All notices, requests, demands, and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered, sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by private overnight mail service (e.g. Federal Express) to the party at the address set forth above or to such other address as either party may hereafter give notice of in accordance with the provisions hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date actually received or the third (3 rd business day after sending. (g) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without reference to principles of conflicts of laws and each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts located in the State of New York. (h) This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. CORPORATION: Carbon-Ion Energy, Inc. /s/ Jack Brooks By: Jack Brooks Title: Chairman and President EXECUTIVE: /s/ Adrian H Jones By: Adrian H Jones 5 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 9
 couv_ex1011.htm
 EX-10.11
 
 couv_ex1011.htm EXHIBIT 10.11 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 couv_ex311.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 couv_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION BY THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jack Brooks, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Corporate Universe, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Jack Brooks Jack Brooks President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 couv_ex312.htm
 EX-31.2
 
 couv_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31. 2 CERTIFICATION BY THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Adrian Jones, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Corporate Universe, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the registrant s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control for financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As the registrant certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Adrian Jones Adrian Jones Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 couv_ex321.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 couv_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Jack Brooks, certify pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Corporate Universe, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Jack Brooks Jack Brooks, President and director A signed original copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 couv_ex322.htm
 EX-32.2
 
 couv_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Adrian Jones, certify pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Corporate Universe, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Adrian Jones Adrian Jones Chief Financial Officer and director A signed original copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 couv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 couv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 couv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 couv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

