<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1668010_0001104659-23-046250.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12847101</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383162</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1856993</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4241939</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2536343</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3557294</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-046250.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417164733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-046250
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digital Brands Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668010
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		IRS NUMBER:				461942864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40400
		FILM NUMBER:		23824476

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 S. BOYLE AVE
		CITY:			VERNON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90058
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720)937-9286

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 S. BOYLE AVE
		CITY:			VERNON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90058

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Denim LA, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-046250.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 dbgi-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the annual period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission file number: DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Tel: (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if this registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on such date was approximately . Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been excluded from this computation. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. As of April 17, 2023 the Company had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, NC. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 30 Item 2. Properties 30 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 31 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 32 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 32 Item 6. Reserved 34 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 47 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 47 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 47 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 47 Item 9B. Other Information 48 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 48 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 49 Item 11. Executive Compensation 53 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 56 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 58 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 60 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 60 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 66 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward- looking terminology, including the terms believe, estimate, project, aim, anticipate, expect, seek, predict, contemplate, continue, possible, intend, may, plan, forecast, future, might, will, could, would or should or, in each case, their negative, or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth strategies, the industry in which we operate and potential acquisitions. We derive many of our forward- looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and, of course, it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to us on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward- looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the stability of the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. Important factors that could cause our results to vary from expectations include, but are not limited to: substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern due to illiquidity issues; the potential for additional impairments of intangible assets; to resolve acquisition-related liabilities (Bailey44 and Harper Jones); our lack of combined operating history the impact of persistent inflation and its effect on our supply chain and inventory; the impact of a potentially moderate or severe economic recession; the highly fragmented and competitive nature of our industry; our ability to successfully locate and acquire companies in the apparel business, to obtain debt and/or equity financing for that purpose and to successfully integrate them into our business and manage our internal growth; loss of any of our executives and managers; quarterly variations in our operating results; our ability to attract and retain qualified employees while controlling labor costs; our ability to manage our working capital to facilitate our inventory management; disruptions in the manufacturing and supply chains; 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to adapt our product offerings to changing preferences and consumer tastes; our exposure to claims relating to employment violations and workplace injuries; our exposure to claims arising from our acquired operations; the potential for asset impairments when we acquire businesses; disruptions in our information technology systems; restrictions imposed on our operations by our credit facility and by other indebtedness we may incur in the future; our ability to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; and additional factors discussed under the sections captioned Risk Factors , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business. 
 Other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K include additional factors that could adversely impact our business and financial performance. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent. to which any factor, or acquisition of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward- looking statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Estimates and forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and, except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or to review any estimate and/or forward- looking statement because of new information, future events or other factors. Estimates and forward- looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. As a result of the risks and uncertainties described above, the estimates and forward-looking statements discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K might not occur and our future results and our performance may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements due to, but not limited to, the factors mentioned above. Because of these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements when making an investment decision. PART I References in this annual report to we, us, Digital Brands Group, DBG, Company, or our company are to Digital Brands Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, Bailey 44, LLC Bailey ), Harper Jones, LLC H J and MOSBEST, LLC Stateside ). References to management or our management team are to our officers and directors. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Recent Development We have been involved in a dispute with the former owners of H J regarding our obligation to true up their ownership interest in our company further to that membership interest purchase agreement dated May 10, 2021 whereby we acquired all of the outstanding membership interests of H J (as amended, the H J Purchase Agreement ). Further to the H J Purchase Agreement, we agreed that if, at May 18, 2022, the one year anniversary of the closing date of our initial public offering, the product of the number of shares of our common stock issued at the closing of such acquisition multiplied by the average closing price per share of our shares of common stock 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 as quoted on the NasdaqCM for the thirty (30) day trading period immediately preceding such date plus the gross proceeds, if any, of shares of our stock issued to such sellers and sold by them during the one year period from the closing date of the offering does not exceed the sum of 9.1 million, less the value of any shares of common stock cancelled further to any indemnification claims or post-closing adjustments under the H J Purchase Agreement, then we shall issue to the subject sellers an additional aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to any such valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of our common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM. We did not honor our obligation to issue such shares and the former owner of H J have claimed that they were damaged as a result. As part of a proposed settlement with such holders, we have tentatively agreed to the following: (i) to transfer all membership interests of H J back to the original owners, (ii) to pay such owners the sum of 229,000, (iii) issue the former owners of H J an aggregate of 1,400,000 worth of our common stock to be issued on May 16, 2023 based on the lower of (a) the stock closing price per share on May 15, 2023, and (b) the average common stock closing price based on the average of the 5 trading days preceding May 16, 2023, with the closing price on May 9, 2023. Such tentative terms are to be memorialized in definitive purchase agreements and as such there is no assurance that such arrangements will be finalized. Our Company Digital Brands Group is a curated collection of lifestyle brands that offers a variety of apparel products through direct-to-consumer and wholesale distribution. Our complementary brand portfolio provides us with the unique opportunity to cross merchandise our brands. We aim for our customers to wear our brands head to toe and to capture what we call closet share by gaining insight into their preferences to create targeted and personalized content specific to their cohort. Operating our brands under one portfolio provides us with the ability to better utilize our technological, human capital and operational capabilities across all brands. As a result, we have been able to realize operational efficiencies and continue to identify additional cost saving opportunities to scale our brands and overall portfolio. Our portfolio currently consists of four brands that leverage our three channels: our websites, wholesale and our own stores. Bailey 44 combines beautiful, luxe fabrics and on-trend designs to create sophisticated ready-to-wear capsules for women on-the-go. Designing for real life, this brand focuses on feeling and comfort rather than how it looks on a runway. Bailey 44 is primarily a wholesale brand, which we are transitioning to a digital, direct-to-consumer brand. DSTLD offers stylish high-quality garments without the luxury retail markup valuing customer experience over labels. DSTLD is primarily a digital direct-to-consumer brand, to which we recently added select wholesale retailers to generate brand awareness. Harper Jones was built with the goal of inspiring men to dress with intention. It offers hand- crafted custom fit suits for those looking for a premium experience. Harper Jones is primarily a direct-to-consumer brand using its own showrooms. Stateside is an elevated, America first brand with all knitting, dyeing, cutting and sewing sourced and manufactured locally in Los Angeles. The collection is influenced by the evolution of the classic t-shirt offering a simple yet elegant look. Stateside is primarily a wholesale brand that we will be transitioning to a digital, direct-to-consumer brand. Sundry offers distinct collections of women s clothing, including dresses, shirts, sweaters, skirts, shorts, athleisure bottoms and other accessory products. Sundry s products are coastal casual and consist of soft, relaxed and colorful designs that feature a distinct French chic, resembling the spirits of the French Mediterranean and the energy of Venice Beach in Southern California. Sundry is primarily a wholesale brand that we will be transitioning to a digital, direct-to-consumer brand. 
 We believe that successful apparel brands sell in all revenue channels. However, each channel offers different margin structures and requires different customer acquisition and retention strategies. We were founded as a digital-first retailer that has strategically expanded into select wholesale and direct retail channels. We strive to strategically create omnichannel strategies for each of our brands that blend physical and online channels to engage consumers in the channel of their choosing. Our products are sold direct-to- consumers principally through our websites and our own showrooms, but also through our wholesale channel, primarily in specialty stores and select department stores. With the continued expansion of our wholesale distribution, we believe developing an omnichannel solution further strengthens our ability to efficiently acquire and retain customers while also driving high customer lifetime value. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 We believe that by leveraging a physical footprint to acquire customers and increase brand awareness, we can use digital marketing to focus on retention and a very tight, disciplined high value new customer acquisition strategy, especially targeting potential customers lower in the sales funnel. Building a direct relationship with the customer as the customer transacts directly with us allows us to better understand our customer s preferences and shopping habits. Our substantial experience as a company originally founded as a digitally native-first retailer gives us the ability to strategically review and analyze the customer s data, including contact information, browsing and shopping cart data, purchase history and style preferences. This in turn has the effect of lowering our inventory risk and cash needs since we can order and replenish product based on the data from our online sales history, replenish specific inventory by size, color and SKU based on real times sales data, and control our mark-down and promotional strategies versus being told what mark downs and promotions we have to offer by the department stores and boutique retailers. We believe that the highly fragmented nature of the apparel industry, combined with the opportunity to leverage our position as a public company with access to financial resources, presents a significant opportunity for consolidation of apparel brands. We use a disciplined approach to identify and evaluate acquisition candidates. We believe there are three ideal acquisition targets: (1) strong legacy brands that have been mismanaged, (2) strong brands that do not have capital to grow, and (3) wholesale brands that are struggling to transition to e-commerce. We look for brands that have an emotional hook in its customers, a high repeat customer rate, the potential to scale and strong financials. We source and identify acquisition targets based on our industry knowledge and through our network of investment banks, finders, private equity and venture capital firms, among others. We intend to continue to actively pursue acquisitions to increase and tighten customer cohorts and increase our ability to create more customized content and personalized looks and styles for each customer cohort. We believe that customers want and trust brands that can deliver customized content and personalized looks and styles. We expect this should result in higher customer loyalty, higher lifetime value, higher average order value and lower customer acquisition cost. Organizational Structure We operate the brands on a decentralized basis with an emphasis on brand level execution supported by corporate coordination. The brand s executive teams will continue to operate and leverage relationships with customers and suppliers, including designing and producing product and developing marketing plans including social media, email and digital communications. We consolidate marketing and tech contracts as we have done with Bailey s contracts, which has provided significant cost savings. We review the fabric mills and factories used by each brand to see if we can consolidate or cross utilize these mills and factories, which will drive increased volumes, lower production costs and higher gross margins. We are also consolidating production into a few factories in Europe from China and the U.S., which lowers our average production cost per unit. We leverage the Digital Brands Group marketing and data analytics team to create cross marketing campaigns based on the customer data respective to each brand s customer base. As an example, the Digital Brand s Group marketing and data team reviews the customer data across all our portfolio brands and will work with each brand to identify the new customers from our other portfolio brands that they can target and what styles and looks should be created for each of those customer cohorts. The brand level employees then execute the looks and styles and create the customized customer communication based on the information and data from the Digital Brand Group marketing and data teams. Certain administrative functions are centralized on a regional and, in certain circumstances, a national basis following, including but not limited to accounting support functions, corporate strategy and acquisitions, human resources, information technology, insurance, marketing, data analytics and customer cross merchandising, advertising buys, contract negotiations, safety, systems support and transactional processing. Principal Products and Services Bailey Brand Summary In February 2020, we acquired Bailey. Bailey delivers distinct high-quality, well-fitting, on-trend contemporary apparel using at an entry contemporary price point. Bailey combines beautiful, luxe fabrics and on-trend designs to offer clean, sophisticated ready-to-wear separates that easily transition from day to night and for date night. Bailey offers fashionable staples with timeless design features, making them wearable for any occasion majority of products are tops, sweaters and dresses. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Bailey s full seasonal collections of dresses, tops, jumpsuits, bottoms, sets, jackets and rompers retail at price points between 90 350. We believe that we can create more compelling price points as we leverage our direct-to-consumer expertise. As we increase the direct-to-consumer revenue mix, we believe we will have opportunities to increase our margins, which will mostly be passed along to the customer with lower price points. Harper Jones Brand Summary H J is well-known for delivering extremely high-quality, luxury custom and made-to-measure suiting and sportswear. The company provides full-closet customization, including shirts, jackets, pants, shorts, polos, plus more products that made-to-measure. H J offers a proprietary custom and made-to-measure supply chain, which creates positive working capital since the customer pays for the product upfront and we have terms with vendors to pay 60+ days later. Their custom bench-made suit prices range between 1,995 4,995, custom bench-made jacket prices range from 1,895 3,495, custom-bench made trousers range from 600 1,100, and custom bench- made shirts range from 250 450. Stateside Brand Summary We acquired Stateside in August 2021. Stateside is a collection of elevated American basics influenced by the evolution of the classic T-Shirt. All garments are designed and produced in Los Angeles from the finest fabrics. All knitting, dyeing, cutting and sewing is sourced and manufactured locally in Los Angeles. Stateside is known for delivering high quality, luxury T-shirts, tops and bottoms. Stateside is primarily a wholesale brand with very limited online revenue. Their T-shirt prices range from 68 to 94, their other tops range from 98 to 130, and their bottoms from 80 to 144. Sunnyside Brand Summary We acquired Sundry in December 2022. Sundry offers distinct collections of women s clothing, including dresses, shirts, sweaters, skirts, shorts, athleisure bottoms and other accessory products. Sundry s products are coastal casual and consist of soft, relaxed and colorful designs that feature a distinct French chic, resembling the spirits of the French Mediterranean and the energy of Venice Beach in Southern California. The products are designed and mostly produced in Los Angeles from the finest fabrics. The majority of the knitting, dyeing, cutting and sewing is sourced and manufactured locally in Los Angeles, with some sweaters made overseas. Sundry is known for delivering high quality novelty and resort style T-shirts, tops and bottoms. Sundry is mostly a wholesale brand with meaningful online revenue. Their T-shirt prices range from 68 to 98, their other tops range from 98 to 198, and their bottoms from 80 to 228. With our acquisition of Sundry, we view the following as tangible near-term growth opportunities: Increase online revenues significantly as we cross market their customer base with the customer bases from our other brands, especially on the Bailey Shop. Increase gross margin dollars by updating the product line and driving increased volume through the wholesale and online channels. Launch a new product category for 2024 in women s athleisure. We believe athleisure is one of the largest product categories in womenswear, with high repeat spend and closet share. 
 DSTLD Brand Summary DSTLD focuses on minimalist design, superior quality, and only the essential wardrobe pieces. We deliver casual luxury rooted in denim; garments that are made with exhaustive attention to detail from the finest materials for a closet of timeless, functional staples. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Our brand name DSTLD is derived from the word distilled, meaning to extract only the essentials. As such, DSTLD boasts an line of key wardrobe pieces in a fundamental color palette of black, white, grey, and denim. Our denim prices generally range from 75 to 95; similar quality brands produced at the same factories wholesale for approximately 95 to 125 and retail for 185 to 350. Our tee shirts and tops range 30 to 90, similar quality brands produced at the same factories wholesale for approximately 25 to 75 and retail for 60 to 250. Our casual pants range 85 to 109, similar quality brands produced at the same factories wholesale for approximately 85 to 115 and retail for 175 to 250. ACE Studios Brand Summary ACE Studios will design and offer luxury men s suiting with superior performance, superb fits, and excellent quality at an exceptional value. We will offer men s classic tailored apparel with premium and luxury fabrics and manufacturing. We work with the same high-quality mills and factories in the world as the leading luxury brands. We believe most customers have different shapes and sizes, so we plan to offer multiple fits for our products. We sidestep the middleman and sell our products ourselves, allowing us to offer top-tier quality without the standard retail markup. Our suits are expected to range from 295 to 495; similar quality brands produced at the same factories wholesale for approximately 300 to 600 and retail for 600 to 1,200. Our dress shirts will range 55 to 65, similar quality brands produced at the same factories wholesale for approximately 50 to 75 and retail for 95 to 150. Our casual pants will range 85 to 109, similar quality brands produced at the same factories wholesale for approximately 85 to 115 and retail for 175 to 250. We anticipate rolling out the ACE Studios brand in the second quarter of 2023 as a digitally native first brand. Sales and Distribution Bailey products are distributed through wholesale and direct-to-consumer channels. The wholesale channel includes premium department stores, select independent boutiques and third-party online stores. H J products are currently sold solely through direct-to-consumer, via their three showrooms. The three showrooms are located in Dallas, Houston and New Orleans. We expect to open additional showrooms in the future. We believe that we can sell our other menswear products and brands in the H J showrooms. Since all the product is custom made, there is no old stock to sell off. Stateside and Sundry products are distributed through wholesale and direct-to-consumer channels includes premium department stores and national chains, select independent boutiques and third-party online stores. DSTLD products have historically been sold solely direct-to-consumer, via our website. We started offering DSTLD products through a wholesale channel in October 2020. We intend to leverage the Bailey sales force to sell DSTLD products into their select independent boutiques and select department stores. We believe that we can increase the brand awareness, new customer acquisition and revenue by leveraging the Bailey independent boutiques. We will start selling old season stock through selected off-price retailers, with additional sales expected to be generated through specifically-cut product for select off-price retailers. As of December 31, 2022, products are distributed through 75+ doors at major department stores, over 350 points of sale at boutique stores and several major e-commerce multi-brand platform wholesale customers. We do not have material terms or arrangements with our third-party distributors. As is customary in the wholesale side of the retail apparel industry, we work with the wholesale buyers for every product collection and season to develop a purchase order based on quantities, pricing, profit margin and any future mark- down agreements. Historically, these factors are driven by the wholesale buyer s belief of how well they think the product will sell at their stores. For example, if the collection is considered very strong by the wholesale buyer, we usually achieve higher quantities, higher margins and lower future markdown guarantees. Conversely, when the wholesale buyer considers the collection to be weak, we experience lower quantities, lower margins and higher mark-down guarantees. Our direct-to-consumer channels include our own website. Old season stock is sold through selected off- price retailers, with additional sales generated through specifically cut product for select off-price retailers. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 All of our DSTLD, Bailey, Stateside and Sundry sellable products are stored at our corporate warehouse and distribution center in Vernon, CA, which also houses our corporate office. In addition to storing product, we also receive and process new product deliveries, process and ship outbound orders, and process and ship customer returns in this same facility. All of H J product is sent directly to the showroom, clothier or customer from our custom tailor vendors. If goods are received to our showrooms or clothiers, we arrange pickups without the end customer. They also receive and process new product deliveries, process and ship outbound orders, and process and ship customer returns through their showrooms or clothiers. We offer free shipping and returns above to all our customers in the United States. We also offer customers the option to upgrade to 2-Day or Overnight Shipping for an additional cost. Design and Development Our products are designed at headquarters of each brand, which are in in Los Angeles, CA and Dallas, TX in the top floor of H J s showroom. Each brand s design efforts are supported by well-established product development and production teams. The continued collaboration between design and merchandising ensures it responds to consumer preferences and market trends with new innovative product offerings while maintaining its core fashion foundation. In-house design and production teams in Los Angeles perform development of the sample line allowing for speed to market, flexibility and quality of fit. We are engaged in analyzing trends, markets, and social media feedback along with utilizing historical data and industry tools to identify essential styles and proper replenishment timing and quantities. We hired a new head designer for DSTLD Men s in December 2019 and contracted with a third-party designer for DSTLD Women s in June 2020. We also contracted with a third-party designer for Bailey in June 2020. We rely on a limited number of suppliers to provide our finished products, so we can aggregate pricing power. As we continue to increase our volumes, we will source additional factories to spread out our risks. While we have developed long-standing relationships with a number of our suppliers and manufacturing sources and take great care to ensure that they share our commitment to quality and ethics, we do not have any long-term term contracts with these parties for the production and supply of our fabrics and products. We require that all of our manufacturers adhere to a vendor code of ethics regarding social and environmental sustainability practices. Our product quality and sustainability team partners with leading inspection and verification firms to closely monitor each supplier s compliance with applicable laws and our vendor code of ethics. Currently, our Bailey, DSTLD and Stateside and Sundry products are shipped from our suppliers to our distribution center in Los Angeles, CA which currently handles all our warehousing, fulfillment, outbound shipping and returns processing. Our Sundry products will be shipped from our suppliers to our distribution center in Los Angeles, CA which will handle all our warehousing, fulfillment, outbound shipping and returns processing. In 2023, we will review maintaining our own distribution centers versus using a third-party solution. For Harper Jones, finished product is shipped to either the Company s headquarters in Dallas Texas, or directly to one of their showroom locations. For Harper Jones, finished product is shipped to either the Company s headquarters in Dallas Texas, or directly to one of their showroom locations. Product Suppliers: Sourcing and Manufacturing We work with apparel manufacturers in North America, Asia and Europe. We work with full package suppliers, which supply fabric, trims, along with cut/sew/wash services, only invoicing us for the final full cost of each garment. In Los Angeles, we also work with several local trim, fabric and garment dye houses to create garments for Stateside. This allows us the ability to maximize cash flows and optimize operations. We do not have long-term written contracts with manufacturers, though we have long-standing relationships with a diverse base of vendors. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and rely solely on third-party contract manufacturers operating primarily in Europe, United States, and the Asia Pacific region for the production of our products depending on the brand. All of our contract 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 manufacturers are evaluated for quality systems, social compliance and financial strength by our internal teams prior to being selected and on an ongoing basis. Where appropriate, we strive to qualify multiple manufacturers for particular product types and fabrications. All of our garments are produced according to each brand s specifications and requires that all of manufacturers adhere to strict regulatory compliance and standards of conduct. The vendors factories are monitored by each brand s production team to ensure quality control, and they are monitored by independent third-party inspectors we employ for compliance with local manufacturing standards and regulations on an annual basis. We also monitor our vendors manufacturing facilities regularly, providing technical assistance and performing in-line and final audits to ensure the highest possible quality. We source our products from a variety of domestic and international manufacturers. When deciding which factory to source a specific product from, we take into account the following factors: Cost of garment Retail price for end consumer Production time Minimum order quantity Shipping/delivery time Payment terms 
 By taking all of these into consideration, we can focus on making sure we have access to in-demand and high quality products available for sale to our customer at the competitive price points and sustainable margins for our business. Marketing We believe marketing is a critical element in creating brand awareness and an emotional connection, as well as driving new customer acquisition and retention. Each brand has their own in-house marketing department, which creates and produces marketing initiatives specific to each marketing channel and based on the specific purpose, such as acquisition, retention or brand building. We also have an in-house marketing team at the DBG portfolio level, which reviews these brand initiatives, develops and helps initiate cross merchandising strategies, manages the data analytics and negotiates contracts using all our brands to lower the cost. Our goal at the brand and the portfolio level is to increase brand awareness and reach, customer engagement, increase new customer conversion and repurchase rates and average order size. We utilize a multi- pronged marketing strategy to connect with our customers and drive traffic to our online platform, comprised of the following: Customer Acquisition Marketing Paid Social Media Marketing: This is our primary customer acquisition channel, and it is composed almost entirely of paid Facebook and Instagram marketing. We believe our core customers rely on the opinions of their peers, often expressed through social media, Social media platforms are viral marketing platforms that allow our brands to communicate directly with our customers while also allowing customers to interact with us and provide feedback on our products and service. We make regular posts highlighting new products, brand stories, and other topics and images we deem on brand . By being a verified brand, our followers can shop products directly from our posts. We are also able to link to products in the stories feature. Affiliate Marketing: With select online publications and influencers, we ve sought to establish CPA or revenue sharing agreements. We believe these agreements are effective in incentivizing influencers or media to push our product and allowing us to only pay partners based on performance. Email Marketing: We utilize email marketing to build awareness and drive repeat purchases. We believe this can be the most personalized customer communication channel for our brands, and therefore should continue to be one of our highest performing channels. We use an email service provider that enables us to send out a variety of promotional, transactional, and retargeting emails, 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 with the main goal of driving increased site traffic and purchases. We maintain a database through which we track and utilize key metrics such as customer acquisition cost, lifetime value per customer, cost per impression and cost per click. Retargeting: We engage the services of certain retargeting engines that allow us to dynamically target our visitors on third-party websites via banner/content ads. Content Marketing: We use content marketing platforms that allow us to serve up native ads in the form of articles promoting our brand story and specific products. Search Engine Optimization: This is the process of maximizing the number of visitors to our website by increasing our rankings in the search results on internet search engines. This is done by optimizing our onsite content, by making sure our pages, titles, tags, links, and blog content is structured to increase our search results on certain keywords, and our offsite content, which is the number of external websites linking to our website, usually through press articles and other advertising channels. Print Advertising : We also intend to utilize print advertisements in magazines or billboards in major metropolitan areas to drive increased site traffic and brand awareness. Video / Blog Content: We plan to offer videos and blog posts as a way to engage and educate the customer on our brands, how to wear different looks and styles, and create confidence and trust between our brands and customers. Videos and blog posts will include interviews with our designers, a behind-the- scenes look at how products are made, features of other artists or creatives, and photo shoots. Retail Stores: We have successfully tested retail pop ups in the past. These pop ups have resulted in higher average order value, significantly lower customer returns (even when the retail customer orders online at a later date), and higher repurchase rate and annual spend. We view these retail locations as a marketing strategy, similar to allocating funds towards digital/online marketing. We expect our pop ups to generate a small to break even profit, which is more than offset by any potential marketing costs to acquire those customers in another marketing channel. As we grow the entire DBG portfolio, we will test pop up locations for specific brands, and also develop a multi-line pop up that incorporates our other brands into the pop-up . We believe this strategy should be cost effective given the number of store closures from COVID-19. We will determine whether a pop up or wholesale specialty boutique is the better option for each market and brand. Instagram and Influencer Marketing Instagram and influencer marketing is one of our largest initiatives. On a weekly basis, we reach out to and receive requests from tastemakers in fashion, lifestyle, and photography. We have developed a certain set of criteria for working with influencers (for example, engagement level, aesthetic, audience demographic) that have enabled us to garner impactful impressions. Our focus is not on the size of an account, but on creating organic relationships with influencers who are excited to tell our story. While most of our collaborations are compensated solely through product gifts, we also offer an affiliate commission of up to 20 through the influencer platform reward Style, which is the parent company of LiketoKnow.it, the first influencer platform to make Instagram shopable (users receive an email directly to their inbox with complete outfit details when they Like a photo with LiketoKnow.it technology). Retail Locations Currently, H J has three showrooms located in Dallas, Houston and New Orleans. We plan to selectively open a number of selected additional H J showrooms. We will also test opening a men s multi- line showroom next to our H J showrooms. At the time of acquisition, Bailey 44 operated three retail locations in Southern California. All three locations were shut down in 2020 due to declining revenue and profitability. Public Relations To generate ongoing organic and word-of-mouth awareness, we intend to work with print and online media outlets to announce new products and develop timely news stories. We are in contact with leading fashion, business, and tech writers in order to capitalize 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 on celebrity fashion features, e-commerce trend pieces, or general brand awareness articles. We may utilize outside agencies from time to time. We plan to visit the major fashion, tech, and news outlets in New York City on a quarterly basis to keep them up to date on our latest launches and any relevant company developments. We also plan to host local Los Angeles press at our office space. Celebrity gifting We approach celebrity gifting in a strategic, discerning manner. We have longstanding, personal relationships with the industries top stylists; we do not send clothing blindly or unsolicited. We have successfully placed clothing (and as a result, fashion press) on a number of well-known A-list celebrities. Loyalty Program We plan to develop and launch a company-wide loyalty program, which would include all our brands. Our customer loyalty program will be designed to engage and reward our customers in a direct and targeted manner, and to cross merchandise our portfolio brands to our customers. Customers will earn reward points that can be used to purchase products. We will also use loyalty point multipliers to create customer purchases, especially, which is a strategy beauty retailer have effectively used. Competition Our business depends on our ability to create consumer demand for our brands and products. We believe we are well-positioned to compete in the apparel, leather products and accessories segments by developing high quality, well designed products at competitive prices that are often below our competitor s pricing. We focus on designing products that we hope exceed consumer expectations, which should result in retention and repurchases. We will invest in cross merchandising brands to customers through customized customer communications and personalized styles and looks utilizing products across all our portfolio brands, which we believe creates a competitive advantage for our brands versus single brands. As noted above, each of our brands has different competitors depending on product, quality and price point. Government Regulation Our business is subject to a number of domestic and foreign laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These laws and regulations include federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations, which address, among other things, the privacy and security of consumer information, sending of commercial email, and unfair and deceptive trade practices. Under applicable federal and state laws and regulations addressing privacy and data security, we must provide notice to consumers of our policies with respect to the collection and use of personal information, and our sharing of personal information with third parties, and notice of any changes to our data handling practices. In some instances, we may be obligated to give customers the right to prevent sharing of their personal information with third parties. Under applicable federal and state laws, we also are required to adhere to a number of requirements when sending commercial email to consumers, including identifying advertising and promotional emails as such, ensuring that subject lines are not deceptive, giving consumers an opportunity to opt-out of further communications and clearly disclosing our name and physical address in each commercial email. Regulation of privacy and data security matters is an evolving area, with new laws and regulations enacted frequently. For example, California recently enacted legislation that, among other things, will require new disclosures to California consumers, and afford such consumers new abilities to opt out of certain sales of personal information. In addition, under applicable federal and state unfair competition laws, including the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act, and U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, regulations, we must, and our network of influencers may be required to, accurately identify product offerings, not make misleading claims on our websites or in advertising, and use qualifying disclosures where and when appropriate. The growth and demand for eCommerce could result in more stringent domestic and foreign consumer protection laws that impose additional compliance burdens on companies that transact substantial business on the Internet. Our international business is subject to additional laws and regulations, including restrictions on imports from, exports to, and services provided to persons located in certain countries and territories, as well as foreign laws and regulations addressing topics such as advertising and marketing practices, customs duties and taxes, privacy, data protection, information security and consumer rights, any of which might apply by virtue of our operations in foreign countries and territories or our contacts with consumers in such foreign 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 countries and territories. Many foreign jurisdictions have laws, regulations, or other requirements relating to privacy, data protection, and consumer protection, and countries and territories are adopting new legislation or other obligations with increasing frequency. In many jurisdictions, there is great uncertainty whether or how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet and eCommerce. New legislation or regulation, the application of laws and regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply to our business or the application of existing laws and regulations to the Internet and eCommerce could result in significant additional obligations on our business or may necessitate changes to our business practices. These obligations or required changes could have an adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. Further, any actual or alleged failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations by us, our vendors or our network of influencers could hurt our reputation, brand and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defending against proceedings or investigations, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, result in a loss of customers and suppliers and may result in the imposition of monetary penalties. Employees As of December 31, 2022, we had 58 employees, all of whom were full-time employees. We believe our relationship with our employees is good. None of our employees are currently covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have had no labor-related work stoppages and we believe our relationship with our employees is strong. Available Information Our Internet address is https://www.digitalbrandsgroup.co. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, proxy and information statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available through the SEC s Interactive Data Electronic Applications system at http://www.sec.gov . All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks related to our financial condition and business. We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and cannot assure you that we will achieve or maintain profitable operations. We have incurred significant net losses since inception. Our net loss was approximately 38.0 and 32.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 103.9 million. We may continue to incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown events, as well as the inflationary and potentially recessive economic environment. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we undertake the acquisition and integration of different brands, incur expenses associated with maintaining compliance as a public company, and increased marketing and sales efforts to increase our customer base. These increased expenditures may make it more difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. In addition, our efforts to grow our business may be more expensive than we expect, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset increased operating expenses. If we are required to reduce our expenses, our growth strategy could be 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 materially affected. We will need to generate and sustain significant revenue levels in future periods in order to become profitable, and, even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase our level of profitability. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will achieve sustainable operating profits as we continue to expand our product offerings and infrastructure, further develop our marketing efforts, and otherwise implement our growth initiatives. Any failure to achieve and maintain profitability would have a materially adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan, our results and operations, and our financial condition. If we do not obtain adequate capital funding or improve our financial performance, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. We have incurred a net loss in each year since our inception and expect to incur losses in future periods as we continue to increase our expenses in order to grow our business. We have a working capital deficit of 32.3 million at December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about our Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to obtain adequate funding or if we are unable to grow our revenue substantially to achieve and sustain profitability, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 included herein contains an explanatory paragraph indicating that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of recurring losses from operations. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we will be required to significantly delay, scale back or restrict our operations or obtain funds by entering into agreements on unattractive terms, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock price and our relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships, at least until additional funding is obtained. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that would likely result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us. In addition, our ability to achieve profitability or to respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements depends on many factors, including The timing and cost of potential future acquisitions; 
 Integration of the businesses that we have acquired or may acquire in the future; 
 The hiring of additional management and other personnel as we continue to grow; and 
 Any costs associated with any build-out and opening of showrooms, as needed, for certain of our brands, 
 
 We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future be restricted or limited by our current outstanding indebtedness on our ability to enter into additional indebtedness and any future debt financing based upon covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, redeem our stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions. Widespread outbreak of an illness or any other public health crisis, including the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) global pandemic, could materially and adversely affect, and has materially and adversely affected, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business has been, and will continue to be, impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 global pandemic in countries where our suppliers, third-party service providers or consumers are located. These effects include recommendations or mandates from governmental authorities to close businesses, limit travel, avoid large gatherings or to self-quarantine, as well as temporary closures and decreased operations of the facilities of our suppliers, service providers and customers. The impacts on us have included, and in the future could include, but are not limited to: significant uncertainty and turmoil in global economic and financial market conditions causing, among other things: decreased consumer confidence and decreased consumer spending, now and in the mid and long-term. Specifically, COVID has impacted 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 our business in several ways, including store closings, supply chain disruptions and delivery delays, meaningfully lower net revenue, furloughs and layoffs of 52 employees and increased costs to operate our warehouse to ensure a healthy and safe work environment. Approximately 220 boutique stores where we sold our products closed temporarily and permanently in 2020 and into 2021, representing a reduction in approximately 40 of such stores prior to COVID. Additionally, approximately 40 department stores that carried our products have closed as well, representing a reduction of approximately 35 of such stores prior to COVID. We do not anticipate the department stores will open those stores back up, and we do not anticipate a majority of the closed boutique stores will reopen. We also waited to hire a new Creative Director until the summer, once we knew that stores would open back up at some capacity. This delay in hiring a new designer also impacted the first half of 2021. inability to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates (or at all) in the event we, or our suppliers find it desirable to do so, increased exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar, and volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use for our products and in our supply chain. Specifically, the pandemic shut down our supply chain for several months in 2020, and delayed deliveries throughout the year. inability to meet our consumers needs for inventory production and fulfillment due to disruptions in our supply chain and increased costs associated with mitigating the effects of the pandemic caused by, among other things: reduction or loss of workforce due to illness, quarantine or other restrictions or facility closures, scarcity of and/or increased prices for raw materials, scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, and increased freight and logistics costs, expenses and times; failure of third parties on which we rely, including our suppliers, customers, distributors, service providers and commercial banks, to meet their obligations to us or to timely meet those obligations, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties, including business failure or insolvency and collectability of existing receivables; and significant changes in the conditions in markets in which we do business, including quarantines, governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities and restrict our employees ability to perform necessary business functions, including operations necessary for the design, development, production, distribution, sale, marketing and support of our products. Specifically, we had to furlough and layoff a significant amount of employees to adjust to our lower revenues. 
 Any of these impacts could place limitations on our ability to execute on our business plan and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continue to monitor the situation and may adjust our current policies and procedures as more information and guidance become available regarding the evolving situation. The impact of COVID-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this Risk Factors section, any of which could have a material effect on us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. If our efforts to locate desirable targets are unsuccessful or if we are unable to acquire desirable companies on commercially reasonable terms , we may not be able to grow the business and our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. One of our principal growth strategies has been and continues to be is to grow our business and increase our revenue through the acquisition of additional businesses within our industry. It may be difficult for us to identify desirable companies to acquire. We may face competition in our pursuit to acquire additional businesses, which could limit the number of available companies for sale and may lead to higher acquisition prices. When we identify desirable companies, their owners may not be willing to sell their companies at all or on terms that we have determined to be commercially reasonable. If our efforts to locate and acquire desirable companies on terms that are acceptable to us are not successful, our revenues and operating results may be adversely affected. We may not be able to successfully integrate future acquisitions or generate sufficient revenues from future acquisitions, which could cause our business to suffer. A significant part of our grown strategy is acquiring additional businesses. If we buy a company or a division of a company in the future, there can be no assurance that we will be able to profitably manage such business or successfully integrate such business without substantial costs, delays or other operational or financial problems. Acquisitions also may require us to spend a substantial portion of our available cash, incur debt or other liabilities, amortize expenses related to intangible assets, incur write-offs of goodwill or other 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 assets or obligate us to issue a substantial number of shares of our capital stock, which would result in dilution for our existing stockholders. There can be no assurance that the businesses we acquire in the future will achieve anticipated revenues or earnings. Additionally: the key personnel of the acquired business may decide not to work for us; changes in management at an acquired business may impair its relationships with employees and customers; we may be unable to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies among acquired businesses; we may be unable to successfully implement infrastructure, logistics and systems integration; we may be held liable for legal claims (including environmental claims) arising out of activities of the acquired businesses prior to our acquisitions, some of which we may not have discovered during our due diligence, and we may not have indemnification claims available to us or we may not be able to realize on any indemnification claims with respect to those legal claims; 
 we will assume risks associated with deficiencies in the internal controls of acquired businesses; we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated; we may be unable to successfully scale an acquired business; and our ongoing business may be disrupted or receive insufficient management attention. 
 Some or all of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, we may not benefit from our acquisitions as we expect, or in the time frame we expect. In the apparel industry, differing brands are used to reach different market segments and capture new market share. However, not every brand deployment is successful. In addition, integrating an acquired business or technology is risky. We may incur significant costs acquiring, developing, and promoting new brands only to have limited market acceptance and limited resulting sales. If this occurs, our financial results may be negatively impacted and we may determine it is in the best interest of the company to no longer support that brand. If a new brand does not generate sufficient revenues or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations will be adversely affected. Finally, acquisitions could be viewed negatively by analysts, investors or our customers. In addition, we may not be successful in acquiring businesses and may expend time and expenses in connection with failed acquisitions. For example, the closing of the Acquisition with Sundry is subject to customary closing conditions and financing and there is no assurance that we will be able to complete the Acquisition. In addition to such time and expenses, public announcement of a failed acquisition could also negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. We may be subject to claims arising from the operations of our various businesses for periods prior to the dates we acquired them. We may be subject to claims or liabilities arising from the ownership or operation of acquired businesses for the periods prior to our acquisition of them, including environmental, warranty, workers compensation and other employee-related and other liabilities and claims not covered by insurance. These claims or liabilities could be significant. Our ability to seek indemnification from the former owners of our acquired businesses for these claims or liabilities may be limited by various factors, including the specific time, monetary or other limitations contained in the respective acquisition agreements and the financial ability of the former owners to satisfy our indemnification claims. In addition, insurance companies may be unwilling to cover claims that have arisen from acquired businesses or locations, or claims may exceed the coverage limits that our acquired businesses had in effect prior to the date of acquisition. If we are unable to successfully obtain insurance coverage of third-party claims or enforce our indemnification rights against the former owners, or if the former owners are unable to satisfy their obligations for any reason, including because of their current financial position, we could be held liable for the costs or obligations associated with such claims or liabilities, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to acquire additional businesses may require issuances of our common stock and/or debt financing that we may be unable to obtain on acceptable terms. The timing, size and success of our acquisition efforts and the associated capital commitments cannot be readily predicted. We intend to use our common stock, cash, debt and borrowings under our credit facility, if necessary, as consideration for future acquisitions of companies. The issuance of additional common stock in connection with future acquisitions may be dilutive to holders of shares of common stock. In addition, if our common stock does not maintain a sufficient market value or potential acquisition candidates are unwilling to accept common stock as part of the consideration for the sale of their businesses, we may be required to use more of our cash resources, including obtaining additional capital through debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing if and when it is needed or that it will be available on terms that we deem acceptable. As a result, we may be unable to pursue our acquisition strategy successfully, which may prevent us from achieving our growth objectives. We have an amount of debt which may be considered significant for a company of our size which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to react to changes in our business. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding of approximately 15.4 million. We believe this is an amount of indebtedness which may be considered significant for a company of our size and current revenue base. Our substantial debt could have important consequences to us. For example, it could: make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to the holders of our outstanding debt, resulting in possible defaults on and acceleration of such indebtedness; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to make payments on our debt, which would reduce the availability of our cash flows from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations; place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors with proportionately less debt for their size; limit our ability to refinance our existing indebtedness or borrow additional funds in the future; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changing conditions in our business; and limit our ability to react to competitive pressures or make it difficult for us to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy. 
 Any of the foregoing impacts of our substantial indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are currently in technical default under certain of our outstanding indebtedness. In addition, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our debt or refinance our obligations and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under such indebtedness, which may not be successful. We issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 4,500,000 pursuant to the Bailey acquisition. Upon the IPO closing in May 2021, we repaid 1,000,000 of the outstanding principal on this note in May 2021. In August 2021, the maturity date was further extended to December 31, 2022. We are required to make prepayments of 2,000,000 to 4,000,000 if we complete a secondary public offering. If a public offering is not consummated before October 31, 2021 and June 30, 2022, we were obligated to repay 10 of the outstanding principal at each date. We did not make any payments in October 2021, and the lender agreed to defer these payments to the maturity date of the loan, December 31, 2022. However, no payments have been made - while the parties are undergoing an extension 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 of the maturity date, the note is in technical default. In addition, we issued promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 5,500,000 pursuant to the Sundry acquisition with a maturity date of February 15, 2023. However no payments have been made and the notes are in technical default. If such holders enforce their rights in connection with such defaults and achieve a default judgement, this may also result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. We are currently unable to repay or refinance these borrowings so any such action by these lenders could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In addition, our ability to make scheduled payments on our indebtedness or to refinance our obligations under our debt agreements, will depend on our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, will be subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to the financial and business risk factors we face as described in this section, many of which may be beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures or planned growth objectives, seek to obtain additional equity capital or restructure our indebtedness. In the future, our cash flows and capital resources may not be sufficient for payments of interest on and principal of our debt, and such alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet scheduled debt service obligations. In addition, the recent worldwide credit crisis could make it more difficult for us to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we may be required to dispose of material assets to meet our debt service obligations. We may not be able to consummate those sales, or, if we do, we will not control the timing of the sales or whether the proceeds that we realize will be adequate to meet debt service obligations when due. Our results of operations have been and could be in the future adversely affected as a result of asset impairments. Our results of operations and financial condition have been and could be in the future adversely affected by impairments to goodwill, other intangible assets, receivables, long-lived assets or investments. For example, when we acquire a business, we record goodwill in an amount equal to the amount we paid for the business minus the fair value of the net tangible assets and other identifiable intangible assets of the acquired business. Goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives cannot be amortized, but instead must be tested at least annually for impairment. As a result of our acquisitions of Sundry, Stateside, H J and Bailey, our goodwill and intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 were 10.1 and 14.4 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded impairment expense of 15.5 million and 3.4 million pertaining to the goodwill and intangible assets of Bailey and H J. Any future impairments, including impairments of goodwill, intangible assets, long- lived assets or investments, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations for the period in which the impairment is recognized. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. We have grown and expect to continue to grow rapidly and to effectively manage our growth, we must continue to implement our operational plans and strategies, improve our business processes, improve and expand our infrastructure of people and information systems, and expand, train and manage our employee base. Since our inception and as a result of our acquisitions, we have rapidly increased our employee headcount across our organization to support the growth of our business. To support continued growth, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees while maintaining our corporate culture. We face significant competition for personnel. To attract top talent, we have had to offer, and expect to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages before we can validate the productivity of new employees. We may also need to increase our employee compensation levels to remain competitive in attracting and retaining talented employees. The risks associated with a rapidly growing workforce will be particularly acute as we choose to expand into new merchandise categories and internationally. Additionally, we may not be able to hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. If we fail to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, our efficiency, our ability to meet forecasts and our employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We are also required to manage numerous relationships with various vendors and other third parties. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Further growth of our operations, vendor base, fulfillment center, information technology systems or internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. If we are unable to manage the growth of our organization effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences and shifts in fashion and industry trends in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. Our success largely depends on our ability to consistently gauge tastes and trends and provide a diverse and balanced assortment of merchandise that satisfies customer demands in a timely manner. Our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products could be affected by many factors, including an increase or decrease in demand for our products or for products of our competitors, our failure to accurately forecast acceptance of new products, product introductions by competitors, unanticipated changes in general market conditions, and weakening of economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions. We typically enter into agreements to manufacture and purchase our merchandise in advance of the applicable selling season and our failure to anticipate, identify or react appropriately, or in a timely manner to changes in customer preferences, tastes and trends or economic conditions could lead to, among other things, missed opportunities, excess inventory or inventory shortages, markdowns and write-offs, all of which could negatively impact our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Failure to respond to changing customer preferences and fashion trends could also negatively impact the image of our brands with our customers and result in diminished brand loyalty. Our business depends on our ability to maintain a strong portfolio of brands and engaged customers. We may not be able to maintain and enhance our existing brand portfolio if we receive customer complaints, negative publicity or otherwise fail to live up to consumers expectations, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and growth prospects. Our ability to acquire or offer new brands and maintain and enhance the appeal of our existing brands is critical to expanding our base of customers. A significant portion of our customers experience depends on third parties outside of our control, including vendors, suppliers and logistics providers such as FedEx, UPS and the U.S. Postal Service. If these third parties do not meet our or our customers expectations, including timely delivery of our products, or if they increase their rates, our business may suffer irreparable damage or our costs may increase. Also, if we fail to promote and maintain our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. We anticipate that as our market becomes increasingly competitive, our ability to acquire or offer new brands and to maintain and enhance our existing brands may become increasingly difficult and expensive and will depend largely on our ability to provide high quality products to our customers and a reliable, trustworthy and profitable sales channel to our vendors, which we may not do successfully. Customer complaints or negative publicity about our sites, products, product delivery times, customer data handling and security practices or customer support, especially on blogs, social media websites and our sites, could rapidly and severely diminish consumer use of our sites and consumer and supplier confidence in us and result in harm to our brands. An economic downturn or economic uncertainty in the United States may adversely affect consumer discretionary spending and demand for our products. Our operating results are affected by the relative condition of the United States economy as many of our products may be considered discretionary items for consumers. Our customers may reduce their spending and purchases due to job loss or fear of job loss, foreclosures, bankruptcies, higher consumer debt and interest rates, reduced access to credit, falling home prices, increased taxes, and/or lower consumer confidence. Consumer demand for our products may not reach our targets, or may decline, when there is an economic downturn or economic uncertainty. Current, recent past, and future conditions may also adversely affect our pricing and liquidation strategy; promotional activities, product liquidation, and decreased demand for consumer products could affect profitability and margins. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Additionally, many of the effects and consequences of U.S. and global financial and economic conditions could potentially have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources, including the ability to raise additional capital, if needed, or could otherwise negatively affect our business and financial results. For example, global economic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers access to capital and liquidity with which to maintain their inventory, production levels, and product quality and to operate their businesses, all of which could adversely affect our supply chain. Market instability could make it more difficult for us and our suppliers 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 to accurately forecast future product demand trends, which could cause us to carry too much or too little merchandise in various product categories. We operate in highly competitive markets and the size and resources of some of our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively than we can, resulting in a loss of our market share and a decrease in our net revenue. The markets in which we compete are highly competitive. Competition may result in pricing pressures, reduced profit margins or lost market share, or a failure to grow or maintain our market share, any of which could substantially harm our business and results of operations. We compete directly against wholesalers and direct retailers of apparel, including large, diversified apparel companies with substantial market share and strong worldwide brand recognition. Many of our competitors, including Vince, James Perse, Rag Bone, Madewell, AG, FRAME, All Saints, Zegna and Ralph Lauren, have significant competitive advantages, including longer operating histories, larger and broader customer bases, more established relationships with a broader set of suppliers, greater brand recognition and greater financial, research and development, marketing, distribution, and other resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may be better equipped than we are to influence consumer preferences or otherwise increase their market share by: quickly adapting to changes in customer requirements or consumer preferences; discounting excess inventory that has been written down or written off; devoting resources to the marketing and sale of their products, including significant advertising campaigns, media placement, partnerships and product endorsement; and engaging in lengthy and costly intellectual property and other disputes. 
 Our inability to compete successfully against our competitors and maintain our gross margin could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Use of social media and influencers may materially and adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. We use third-party social media platforms as, among other things, marketing tools. We also maintain relationships with many social media influencers and engage in sponsorship initiatives. As existing e-commerce and social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve and new platforms develop, we must continue to maintain a presence on these platforms and establish presences on new or emerging popular social media platforms. If we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms as marketing tools or if the social media platforms we use change their policies or algorithms, we may not be able to fully optimize such platforms, and our ability to maintain and acquire customers and our financial condition may suffer. Furthermore, as laws and regulations and public opinion rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees, our network of social media influencers, our sponsors or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices or otherwise could subject us to regulatory investigations, class action lawsuits, liability, fines or other penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, an increase in the use of social media for product promotion and marketing may cause an increase in the burden on us to monitor compliance of such materials, and increase the risk that such materials could contain problematic product or marketing claims in violation of applicable regulations. For example, in some cases, the FTC has sought enforcement action where an endorsement has failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose a financial relationship or material connection between an influencer and an advertiser. We do not prescribe what our influencers post, and if we were held responsible for the content of their posts or their actions, we could be fined or forced to alter our practices, which could have an adverse impact on our business. Negative commentary regarding us, our products or influencers and other third parties who are affiliated with us may also be posted on social media platforms and may be adverse to our reputation or business. Influencers with whom we maintain relationships could 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate directly with our customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brand and may be attributed to us or otherwise adversely affect us. It is not possible to prevent such behavior, and the precautions we take to detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Our target consumers often value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. The harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. If we fail to retain existing customers, or fail to maintain average order value levels, we may not be able to maintain our revenue base and margins, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. A significant portion of our net sales are generated from sales to existing customers. If existing customers no longer find our offerings appealing, or if we are unable to timely update our offerings to meet current trends and customer demands, our existing customers may make fewer or smaller purchases in the future. A decrease in the number of our customers who make repeat purchases or a decrease in their spending on the merchandise we offer could negatively impact our operating results. Further, we believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to increase sales to our existing customers over time, and if we are unable to do so, our business may suffer. If we fail to generate repeat purchases or maintain high levels of customer engagement and average order value, our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We purchase inventory in anticipation of sales, and if we are unable to manage our inventory effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. Our business requires us to manage a large volume of inventory effectively. We regularly add new apparel, accessories and beauty styles to our sites, and we depend on our forecasts of demand for and popularity of various products to make purchase decisions and to manage our inventory of stock- keeping units, or SKUs. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory is ordered and the date of sale. Demand may be affected by seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, product defects, promotions, changes in consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our products and other factors, and our consumers may not purchase products in the quantities that we expect. It may be difficult to accurately forecast demand and determine appropriate levels of product. We generally do not have the right to return unsold products to our suppliers. If we fail to manage our inventory effectively or negotiate favorable credit terms with third-party suppliers, we may be subject to a heightened risk of inventory obsolescence, a decline in inventory values, and significant inventory write-downs or write-offs. In addition, if we are required to lower sale prices in order to reduce inventory level or to pay higher prices to our suppliers, our profit margins might be negatively affected. Any failure to manage owned brand expansion or accurately forecast demand for owned brands could adversely affect growth, margins and inventory levels. In addition, our ability to meet customer demand has been and may be in the future negatively impacted by disruptions in the supply chain from a number of factors, including, for example, the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak in China. The COVID-19 coronavirus has and is expected to continue to impact our supply chain and may delay or prevent the manufacturing or transport of product. Any of the above may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Merchandise returns could harm our business. We allow our customers to return products, subject to our return policy. If the rate of merchandise returns increases significantly or if merchandise return economics become less efficient, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. Further, we modify our policies relating to returns from time to time, which may result in customer dissatisfaction or an increase in the number of product returns. From time to time our products are damaged in transit, which can increase return rates and harm our brands. We rely on third-party suppliers and manufacturers to provide raw materials for and to produce our products, and we have limited control over these suppliers and manufacturers and may not be able to obtain quality products on a timely basis or in sufficient quantity. We rely on third-party suppliers primarily located outside of the United States to provide raw materials for our products. In addition, we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and rely solely on unaffiliated manufacturers primarily located outside the United States to manufacture our products. Increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in these countries could significantly increase our costs to produce our products and could have a negative impact on our operations, net revenue, and earnings. In addition, certain of our manufacturers are subject to government regulations related to wage rates, and therefore the labor costs to produce our 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 products may fluctuate. Factors that could negatively affect our business include a potential significant revaluation of the currencies used in these countries, which may result in an increase in the cost of producing products, labor shortages and stoppages and increases in labor costs, and difficulties in moving products manufactured out of the countries in which they are manufactured and through the ports in North America, whether due to port congestion, labor disputes, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors, and natural disasters or health pandemics. A labor strike or other transportation disruption affecting these ports could significantly disrupt our business. In addition, the imposition of trade sanctions or other regulations against products imported by us from, or the loss of normal trade relations status with any country in which our products are manufactured, could significantly increase our cost of products and harm our business. We may also experience increased costs in raw goods, transportation and labor. Additionally, we are also subject to global supply chain disruptions, which may include longer lead times for raw fabrics, inbound shipping and longer production times. Supply chain issues have specifically impacted the following for our brands: Increased costs in raw materials from fabric prices, which have increased 10 to 100 depending on the fabric, the time of year, and the origin of the fabric, as well as where the fabric is being shipped; Increased cost per kilo to ship via sea or air, which has increased from 25 to 300 depending on the time of year and from the country we are shipping from; Increased transit time via sea or air, which have increased by two weeks to two months; and Increased labor costs for producing the finished goods, which have increased 5 to 25 depending on the country and the labor skill required to produce the goods. 
 The operations of our suppliers can be subject to additional risks beyond our control, including shipping delays, labor disputes, trade restrictions, tariffs and embargos, or any other change in local conditions. We may experience a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials from current sources or, in the event of a disruption, we may be unable to locate alternative materials suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. We do not have any long-term supply contracts in place with any of our suppliers and we compete with other companies, including many of our competitors, for fabrics, raw materials, production and import quota capacity. We have occasionally received, and may in the future receive, shipments of products that fail to comply with our specifications or that fail to conform to our quality control standards. We have also received, and may in the future receive, products that are otherwise unacceptable to us or our customers. Under these circumstances, we may incur substantial expense to remedy the problems and may be required to obtain replacement products. If we fail to remedy any such problem in a timely manner, we risk the loss of net revenue resulting from the inability to sell those products and related increased administrative and shipping costs. Additionally, if the unacceptability of our products is not discovered until after such products are purchased by our customers, our customers could lose confidence in our products or we could face a product recall. In such an event our brand reputation may be negatively impacted which could negatively impact our results of operations. These and other factors beyond our control could result in our third-party suppliers and manufacturers being unable to fill our orders in a timely manner. If we experience significant increased demand, or we lose or need to replace an existing third- party supplier and manufacturer as a result of adverse economic conditions or other reasons, we may not be able to secure additional manufacturing capacity when required or on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or manufacturers may not be able to allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements. In addition, even if we are able to find new third-party suppliers or manufacturers, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our manufacturers on our methods, products and quality control standards. Moreover, it is possible that we will experience defects, errors, or other problems with their work that will materially affect our operations and we may have little or no recourse to recover damages for these losses. Any delays, interruption or increased costs in the supply of fabric or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet retail customer and consumer demand for our products and result in lower net revenues and net income both in the short and long term. In addition to the foregoing, one of our subsidiary s depends on two primary suppliers located in China and Turkey for the substantial portion of raw materials used in its products and the manufacture of these products, which makes it vulnerable to a disruption in the supply of its products. As a result, termination of these supply arrangements, an adverse change in the financial condition of these suppliers or an adverse change in their ability to manufacture and/or deliver desired products on a timely basis each could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Our sales and gross margins may decline as a result of increasing product costs and decreasing selling prices. The fabrics used in our products include synthetic fabrics whose raw materials include petroleum-based products, as well as natural fibers such as cotton. Significant price fluctuations or shortages in petroleum or other raw materials can materially adversely affect our cost of net revenues. In addition, the United States and the countries in which our products are produced or sold internationally have imposed and may impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions or regulations, or may adversely adjust prevailing quota, duty or tariff levels. Countries impose, modify and remove tariffs and other trade restrictions in response to a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. Trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas, embargoes, safeguards, and customs restrictions, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of products available to us or may require us to modify our supply chain organization or other current business practices, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are currently dependent on a single warehouse and distribution center, and the loss of, or disruption in, the warehouse and distribution center and other factors affecting the distribution of merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Our warehouse and fulfillment/distribution functions are currently primarily handled from a single facility in Vernon, California. Our current fulfillment/distribution operations are dependent on the continued use of this facility. Any significant interruption in the operation of the warehouse and fulfillment/ distribution center due to COVID-19 restrictions, natural disasters, accidents, system issues or failures, or other unforeseen causes that materially impair our ability to access or use our facility, could delay or impair the ability to distribute merchandise and fulfill online orders, which could cause sales to decline. We also depend upon third-party carriers for shipment of a significant amount of merchandise directly to our customers. An interruption in service by these third-party carriers for any reason could cause temporary disruptions in business, a loss of sales and profits, and other material adverse effects. Our sales and gross margins may decline as a result of increasing freight costs. Freight costs are impacted by changes in fuel prices through surcharges, among other factors. Fuel prices and surcharges affect freight costs both on inbound freight from suppliers to the distribution center as well as outbound freight from the distribution center to stores/shops, supplier returns and third-party liquidators, and shipments of product to customers. The cost of transporting our products for distribution and sale is also subject to fluctuation due in large part to the price of oil. Because most of our products are manufactured abroad, our products must be transported by third parties over large geographical distances and an increase in the price of oil can significantly increase costs. Manufacturing delays or unexpected transportation delays can also cause us to rely more heavily on airfreight to achieve timely delivery to our customers, which significantly increases freight costs. Increases in fuel prices, surcharges, and other potential factors may increase freight costs. Any of these fluctuations may increase our cost of products and have an adverse effect on our margins, results of operations and financial condition. Increases in labor costs, including wages, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Labor is a significant portion of our cost structure and is subject to many external factors, including unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage laws, potential collective bargaining arrangements, health insurance costs and other insurance costs and changes in employment and labor legislation or other workplace regulation. From time to time, legislative proposals are made to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States, as well as the minimum wage in California and a number of other states and municipalities, and to reform entitlement programs, such as health insurance and paid leave programs. As minimum wage rates increase or related laws and regulations change, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our other hourly or salaried employees. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or if we fail to pay such higher wages we could suffer increased employee turnover. Increases in labor costs could force us to increase prices, which could adversely impact our sales. If competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information, and financial and other personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Advanced attacks are multi-staged, unfold over time, and utilize a range of attack vectors with military-grade cyber weapons and proven techniques, such as spear phishing and social engineering, leaving organizations and users at high risk of being compromised. The vast majority of data breaches, whether conducted by a cyber attacker from inside or outside of the organization, involve the misappropriation of digital identities and user credentials. These credentials are used to gain legitimate access to sensitive systems and high-value personal and corporate data. Many large, well-known organizations have been subject to cyber-attacks that exploited the identity vector, demonstrating that even organizations with significant resources and security expertise have challenges securing their identities. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, a disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in our business, any of which could adversely affect our business, revenues, and competitive position. Our future success depends on our key executive officers and our ability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. Our future success largely depends upon the continued services of our executive officers and management team, especially our Chief Executive Officer and President, Mr. John Hil Davis. If one or more of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all. Additionally, we may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new executive officers. If any of our executive officers joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose some or all of our customers. Finally, we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our executive officers. Because of these factors, the loss of the services of any of these key persons could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and thereby an investment in our stock. In addition, our continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, especially employees with experience in the fashion and fitness industries, will also be critical to our success because we will need to hire and retain additional personnel as our business grows. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified personnel. We face significant competition for skilled personnel in our industries. This competition may make it more difficult and expensive to attract, hire, and retain qualified managers and employees. Because of these factors, we may not be able to effectively manage or grow our business, which could adversely affect our financial condition or business. As a result, the value of your investment could be significantly reduced or completely lost. If we cannot successfully protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer. We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, contractual protections and other practices to protect our brand, proprietary information, technologies and processes. We primarily rely on copyright and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, including the algorithms we use throughout our business. Others may independently develop the same or similar technologies and processes, or may improperly acquire and use information about our technologies and processes, which may allow them to provide a service similar to ours, which could harm our competitive position. Our principal trademark assets include the registered trademarks DSTLD , Bailey 44 , ACE STUDIOS , STATESIDE ad SUNDRY and our logos and taglines. Our trademarks are valuable assets that support our brand and consumers perception of our services and merchandise. We also hold the rights to the www.digitalbrandsgroup.co , www.dstld.com, www.bailey44.com , and www.harperandjones.com. Internet domain name and various related domain names, which are subject to Internet regulatory bodies and trademark and other related laws of each applicable jurisdiction. If we are unable to protect our trademarks or domain names, our brand recognition and reputation would suffer, we would incur significant expense establishing new brands and our operating results would be adversely impacted. Further, to the extent we pursue patent protection for our innovations, patents we may apply for may not issue, and patents that do issue or that we acquire may not provide us with any competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties. There can be no assurance that any patents we obtain will adequately protect our inventions or survive a legal challenge, as the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are uncertain. We may be required to spend 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, and the efforts we take to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient. If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results could be materially adversely affected. A substantial number of our customers currently shop with us through our e-commerce website and mobile application. Increasingly, customers are using tablets and smart phones to shop online with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. Any failure on our part to provide an attractive, effective, reliable, user-friendly e-commerce platform that offers a wide assortment of merchandise with rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of sales, harm our reputation with customers, and could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Organizations face growing regulatory and compliance requirements. New and evolving regulations and compliance standards for cyber security, data protection, privacy, and internal IT controls are often created in response to the tide of cyber-attacks and will increasingly impact organizations. Existing regulatory standards require that organizations implement internal controls for user access to applications and data. In addition, data breaches are driving a new wave of regulation with stricter enforcement and higher penalties. Regulatory and policy-driven obligations require expensive and time-consuming compliance measures. The fear of non-compliance failed audits, and material findings has pushed organizations to spend more to ensure they are in compliance, often resulting in costly, one-off implementations to mitigate potential fines or reputational damage. Any substantial costs associated with failing to meet regulatory requirements, combined with the risk of fallout from security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on our business and brand. Our failure to comply with trade and other regulations could lead to investigations or actions by government regulators and negative publicity. The labeling, distribution, importation, marketing and sale of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Product Safety Commission and state attorneys general in the U.S., as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local and international regulatory authorities in the locations in which our products are distributed or sold. If we fail to comply with those regulations, we could become subject to significant penalties or claims or be required to recall products, which could negatively impact our results of operations and disrupt our ability to conduct our business, as well as damage our brand image with consumers. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing regulations may result in significant unanticipated compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketing of our products, resulting in significant loss of net revenues. Any international operations are also subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and other anti-bribery laws applicable to our operations. Although we have policies and procedures to address compliance with the FCPA and similar laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, agents and other partners will not take actions in violations of our policies. Any such violation could subject us to sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating results. Our business is affected by seasonality. Our business is affected by the general seasonal trends common to the retail apparel industry. This seasonality may adversely affect our business and cause our results of operations to fluctuate, and, as a result, we believe that comparisons of our operating results between different quarters within a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful and that results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 The price of our common stock has in the past and may in the future fluctuate substantially. The market price of our common stock has in the past and could in the future be extremely volatile. From May 2021 to March 31, 2023, the high and low prices of our common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM was 880 and 2.38, respectively (as appropriately adjusted for a 1-100 reverse stock split effected by the Company in November 2022). The future market price of our common stock may be significantly affected by factors, such as: market conditions affecting the apparel industries; quarterly variations in our results of operations; changes in government regulations; the announcement of acquisitions by us or our competitors; changes in general economic and political conditions; volatility in the financial markets; results of our operations and the operations of others in our industry; changes in interest rates; threatened or actual litigation and government investigations; the addition or departure of key personnel; 
 actions taken by our stockholders, including the sale or disposition of their shares of our common stock; and differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts and changes in analysts recommendations or projections. 
 These and other factors may lower the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result, our common stock may trade at prices significantly below the public offering price. Furthermore, in recent years the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies. The changes frequently appear to occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Hence, the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with us, and these fluctuations could materially reduce the price of our common stock and materially affect the value of your investment. In the past, securities class action litigation often has been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. This type of litigation, if directed at us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. If we are not able to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements or standards of NasdaqCM, NasdaqCM could delist our common stock. Our common stock is listed on the NasdaqCM. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to comply with the applicable listing standards. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 On May 31, 2022, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff of Nasdaq indicating that the bid price of our common stock had closed below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days and, as a result, we are not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), which sets forth the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Minimum Bid Requirement ). Nasdaq s notice has no immediate effect on the listing of common stock on Nasdaq. Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were afforded a 180-calendar day grace period, through November 28, 2022, to regain compliance with the bid price requirement. Compliance can be achieved by evidencing a closing bid price of at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days (but generally not more than 20 consecutive business days) during the 180-calendar day grace period. If we do not regain compliance with the bid price requirement by November 28, 2022, we may be eligible for an additional 180-calendar day compliance period so long as it satisfies the criteria for initial listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and we provide written notice to Nasdaq of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. In the event we are not eligible for the second grace period, the Nasdaq staff will provide written notice that our Common Stock is subject to delisting; however, we may request a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), which request, if timely made, would stay any further suspension or delisting action by the Staff pending the conclusion of the hearing process and expiration of any extension that may be granted by the Panel. On January 19, 2022, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq notifying us that our common stock Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS had been below the minimum 35,000,000 required for continued inclusion as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) MVLS Requirement ). The letter also states that we would be provided 180 calendar days, or until July 18, 2022, to regain compliance with the MVLS Requirement Compliance Period ). If we did not regain compliance within the Compliance Period, we would receive a written notification from Nasdaq that our securities are subject to delisting. At that time, we may appeal the delisting determination to a Hearings Panel. On July 21, 2022, we received a letter from Nasdaq stating that the Company has not regained compliance with the MVLS Standard, since our common stock was below the 35 million minimum MVLS requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MLVS Rule and had not been at least 35 million for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days at any time during the 180-day grace period granted to us. Pursuant to the Letter, unless we requested a hearing to appeal this determination by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on July 28, 2022, our Common Stock would be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market, trading of our Common Stock would be suspended at the opening of business on August 1, 2022, and a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which will remove the our securities from listing and registration on Nasdaq. On July 27, 2022, the Company requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel to appeal the Letter on July 21, 2022. The request for a hearing was granted and held on September 8, 2022. On September 21, 2022, the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel (the Hearings Panel granted the Company an extension until January 17, 2022, to demonstrate compliance with Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) to allow continued listing requirement of The Nasdaq Capital Market, conditioned upon achievement of certain milestones included in a plan of compliance which the Company previously submitted to the Hearings Panel. On November 29, 2022, Nasdaq formally notified the Company that it had regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule. On November 3, 2022, Digital Brands Group, Inc. (the Company received notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that the Company s bid price had closed below 0.10 per share for the preceding ten consecutive trading days, in contravention of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(3)(A)(iii) and, as a result, the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel would consider the deficiency as an additional basis for delisting. Effective as of 5 pm EST on November 3, 2022, the Company implemented a reverse stock split at a ratio of 1-for-100 shares, which the Company believes will remedy both the 0.10 threshold price deficiency and the 1.00 bid price deficiency cited by the Staff. In order to evidence compliance with Nasdaq s bid price criteria, the Company must evidence a closing bid price of at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 (though generally not more than 20) consecutive business days. As of the close of business on November 11, 2022, the Company had evidenced a closing bid price in excess of 1.00 per share for six consecutive business days. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 On January 17, 2023, Digital Brands Group, Inc. (the Company was notified by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel that the Company has evidenced compliance with all applicable requirements for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, including the 2.5 million stockholders equity requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b). The Company remains subject to a Panel Monitor, as that term is defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(A), through January 17, 2024. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in its efforts to maintain the Nasdaq listing. If our Common Stock and warrants cease to be listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we would expect that our Common Stock and warrants would be traded on one of the three tiered marketplaces of the OTC Markets Group. If Nasdaq were to delist our common stock and warrants, it would be more difficult for our stockholders to dispose of our common stock or warrants and more difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our common stock or warrants. Our ability to issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in the future, may also be materially and adversely affected if our common stock or warrants are not listed on a national securities exchange. If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We are not currently required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore not required to make an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses relate to the fact that we do not maintain a comprehensive policies and procedures manual designed to establish internal controls over financial reporting to reduce the risk of publishing materially misstated financial statements, as well as define responsibilities and segregate incompatible duties to reduce the risk of unauthorized transactions. We are in the process of taking steps intended to remedy these material weaknesses, and we will not be able to fully address these material weaknesses until these steps have been completed. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Controls and Procedures for information regarding our remediation efforts. As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. A material weakness is defined in the standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) as a deficiency, or an acquisition of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We intend to begin the process of designing, implementing and testing the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation, which process is time consuming, costly and complex. If we fail to increase and maintain the number and expertise of our staff for our accounting and finance functions and to improve and maintain internal control over financial reporting adequate to meet the demands that will be placed upon us as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes- Oxley Act, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately and prevent fraud. In addition, we cannot be certain that any such steps we undertake will successfully remediate the material weaknesses or that other material weaknesses and control deficiencies will not be discovered in the future. If our remediation efforts are not successful or other material weaknesses or control deficiencies occur in the future, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately or on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor confidence or delisting and cause our stock price to decline. As a result of such failures, we could also become subject to investigations by NasdaqCM, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, any of which could harm our reputation and financial condition and divert financial and management resources. Even if we are able to report our consolidated financial statements accurately and timely, if we do not make all the necessary improvements to address the material weaknesses, continued disclosure of our material weaknesses will be required in future filings with the SEC, which could reduce investor confidence in our reported results and our cause our stock price to decline. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Those exemptions include, 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 but are not limited to, a requirement to present only two years of audited financial statements, an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure about executive compensation arrangements in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and no requirement to seek non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. We have elected to adopt these reduced disclosure requirements. We may take advantage of these provisions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our most recent offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.0 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior December 31st, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our taking advantage of these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of our choices, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non- emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. Furthermore, as long as we are neither a large, accelerated filer nor an accelerated filer, as a smaller reporting company, we would not be required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Future sales of our common stock, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. The market price of our common stock could decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market after this offering. These sales, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. Provisions in our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they, among other things: establish a supermajority voting requirement of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock in order to amend certain provisions in our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which makes it more difficult for stockholders to eliminate anti- takeover provisions; 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 eliminate stockholder-initiated action by written consent in lieu of a meeting, which hampers the ability of stockholders to take action during the interim periods between annual meetings of stockholders; and require the written request of stockholders holding an aggregate of 25 of shares of our common stock in order for stockholders to call a special meeting, which together with the elimination of stockholder action by written consent described above, makes it very difficult for stockholders to take action during the interim periods between annual meetings of stockholders. 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to the Delaware anti-takeover provisions contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business acquisition with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on this provision to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. Our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. Our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; any action asserting a claim against us or our directors, officers or other employees arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; any action or proceeding as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or any action asserting a claim against us or our directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine as that term is defined in Section 115 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, 
 Our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts have exclusive jurisdiction of the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The enforceability of similar exclusive federal forum provisions in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and while the Delaware Supreme Court has ruled that this type of exclusive federal forum provision is facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts would enforce such provisions and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. This exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this exclusive forum provision of our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 a court were to find this choice of forum provision in our sixth amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. Additional costs associated with resolving an action in other jurisdictions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to issue additional shares of our common stock further to agreements whereby we acquired each of Bailey and H J. Any such additional issuances would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We have been involved in a dispute with the former owners of H J regarding our obligation to true up their ownership interest in our company further to that membership interest purchase agreement dated May 10, 2021 whereby we acquired all of the outstanding membership interests of H J (as amended, the H J Purchase Agreement ). Further to the H J Purchase Agreement, we agreed that if, at May 18, 2022, the one year anniversary of the closing date of our initial public offering, the product of the number of shares of our common stock issued at the closing of such acquisition multiplied by the average closing price per share of our shares of common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM for the thirty (30) day trading period immediately preceding such date plus the gross proceeds, if any, of shares of our stock issued to such sellers and sold by them during the one year period from the closing date of the offering does not exceed the sum of 9.1 million, less the value of any shares of common stock cancelled further to any indemnification claims or post-closing adjustments under the H J Purchase Agreement, then we shall issue to the subject sellers an additional aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to any such valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of our common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM. We did not honor our obligation to issue such shares and the former owner of H J have claimed that they were damaged as a result. As part of a proposed settlement with such holders, we have tenatively agreed to the following: (i) to transfer all membership interests of H J back to the original owners, (ii) to pay such owners the sum of 229,000, (iii) issue the former owners of H J an aggregate of 1,400,000 worth of our common stock to be issued on May 16, 2023 based on the lower of (a) the stock closing price per share on May 15, 2023, and (b) the average common stock closing price based on the average of the 5 trading days preceding May 16, 2023, with the closing price on May 9, 2023. Such tentative terms are to be memorialized in definitive purchase agreements and as such there is no assurance that such arrangements will be finalized. Further to the acquisition of Bailey, we agreed that if, at May 18, 2022, the one year anniversary of the closing date of our initial public offering, the product of the number of shares of our common stock issued at the closing of such acquisition multiplied by the average closing price per share of our shares of common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM for the thirty (30) day trading period immediately preceding such date plus the gross proceeds, if any, of shares of our stock issued to such sellers and sold by them during the one year period from the closing date of the offering does not exceed the sum of 11.1 million million, less the value of any shares of common stock cancelled further to any indemnification claims or post-closing adjustments under the acquisition agreement, then we shall issue to the subject sellers an additional aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to any such valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of our common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM. Although we have agreed that concurrently we will cause a number of shares of common stock or common stock equivalents held by certain of our affiliated stockholders prior to the offering to be cancelled in an equivalent dollar amount as any such valuation shortfalls on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of shares of common stock or common stock equivalents held by each of them, the substantial majority of such cancellations would likely be in the form of cancellation of stock options held by such persons as opposed to shares held by them. For any shares issued to the sellers, this would result in an equivalent number of stock options held by certain of our affiliated stockholders being concurrently cancelled. As a result, additional shares of common stock would be issued further to which the interests of investors would be further diluted. We do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain our future earnings, if any, in order to reinvest in the development and growth of our business and, therefore, do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, the limits imposed by the terms of our credit facility and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, investors in our common stock may need to sell their shares to realize a return on their investment in our common stock, and investors may not be able to sell their shares at or above the prices paid for them. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 If securities analysts do not publish favorable reports about us or if we, or our industry, are the subject of unfavorable commentary, the price of our common stock could decline. The trading price for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports about us that are published by analysts in the financial industry. Analysts could issue negative commentary about us or our industry, or they could downgrade our common stock. We may also not receive sufficient research coverage or visibility in the market. Any of these factors could result in the decline the trading price of our common stock, causing investors in our common stock to lose all or a portion of their investment. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently lease approximately 49,198 square feet of office and showroom spaces in the states of California, Dallas, Texas and Louisiana, United States, with leases that expire through 2023. We believe that our existing facilities, will be sufficient for our needs for the foreseeable future. The following table sets forth information with respect to our facilities: 

Square Footage Lease Location Type (approximate) Expiration Vernon, California Corporate Warehouse and Distribution Center 42,206 2023 Los Angeles, California Showroom 2,000 2020 (1) Austin, Texas Interim Corporate Headquarters 500 2021 (2) Dallas, Texas Office Space and Showroom 2,860 2022 Houston, Texas Showroom 1,117 2024 New Orleans, Louisiana Showroom 1,015 2024 

 (1) Bailey s lease for its showroom in Los Angeles, California expired on May 31, 2020. The lease is now a month-to-month lease. (2) We are currently leveraging shared office space and working remotely as we work with an agent to secure long-term office space in Austin, TX for our corporate headquarters. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings, claims, and government investigations in the ordinary course of business. These include proceedings, claims, and investigations relating to, among other things, regulatory matters, commercial matters, intellectual property, competition, tax, employment, pricing, discrimination, consumer rights, personal injury, and property rights. These matters also include the following: On March 21, 2023, a vendor filed a lawsuit against Digital Brands Group related to trade payables totaling approximately 43,501. Such amounts include interest due, and are included in accounts payable, net of payments made to date, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not believe it is probable that the losses in excess of such trade payables will be incurred. On February 7, 2023, a vendor filed a lawsuit against Digital Brands Group related to trade payables totaling approximately 182,400. Such amounts include interest due, and are included in accounts payable, net of payments made to date, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not believe it is probable that the losses in excess of such trade payables will be incurred. On November 9, 2022, a vendor filed a lawsuit against Digital Brand s Group related to prior services rendered. The claims (including fines, fees, and legal expenses) total an aggregate of 50.190. The matter was settled in January 2023 and are on payment plans which will be paid off in April 2023. In August 2020 and March 2021, two lawsuits were filed against Bailey s by third-party s related to prior services rendered. The claims (including fines, fees, and legal expenses) total an aggregate of 96,900. Both matters were settled in February 2022 and are on payment plans which will be paid off in July and September of 2023 On December 21, 2020, a Company investor filed a lawsuit against DBG for reimbursement of their investment totaling 100,000. Claimed amounts are included in short-term convertible note payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the Company does not believe it is probable that losses in excess of such short-term note payable will be incurred. The Company is actively working to resolve this matter. On September 24, 2020 a Bailey s product vendor filed a lawsuit against Bailey s non-payment of trade payables totaling approximately 481,000 and additional damages of approximately 296,000. Claimed amounts for trade payables are included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, net of payments made. In December 2021, the Company reached a settlement; however, the settlement terms were not met and the Company received a judgement of 496,000. The amount due has been paid, the lawsuit dismissed and there is no claim or amount due. A vendor filed a lawsuit against Bailey 44 related to a retail store lease in the amount of 1.5 million. The Company is disputing the claim for damages and the matter is ongoing. 
 We have been involved in a dispute with the former owners of H J regarding our obligation to true up their ownership interest in our company further to that membership interest purchase agreement dated May 18, 2021 whereby we acquired all of the outstanding membership interests of H J (the H J Purchase Agreement ). Further to the H J Purchase Agreement, we agreed that if, at May 18, 2022, the one year anniversary of the closing date of our initial public offering, the product of the number of shares of our common stock issued at the closing of such acquisition multiplied by the average closing price per share of our shares of common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM for the thirty (30) day trading period immediately preceding such date plus the gross proceeds, if any, of shares of our stock issued to such sellers and sold by them during the one year period from the closing date of the offering does not exceed the sum of 9.1 million, less the value of any shares of common stock cancelled further to any indemnification claims or post-closing adjustments under the H J Purchase Agreement, then we shall issue to the subject sellers an additional aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to any such valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of our common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM. We did not honor our obligation to issue such shares and the former owner of H J have claimed that they were damaged as a result. As part of a proposed settlement with such holders, we have tentatively agreed to the following: (i) to transfer all membership interests of H J back to the original owners, (ii) to pay such owners the sum of 229,000, (iii) issue 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 the former owners of H J an aggregate of 1,400,000 worth of our common stock to be issued on May 16, 2023 based on the lower of (a) the stock closing price per share on May 15, 2023, and (b) the average common stock closing price based on the average of the 5 trading days preceding May 16, 2023, with the closing price on May 9, 2023. Such tentative terms are to be memorialized in definitive purchase agreements and as such there is no assurance that such arrangements will be finalized. All claims above, to the extent management believes it will be liable, have been included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Depending on the nature of the proceeding, claim, or investigation, we may be subject to monetary damage awards, fines, penalties, or injunctive orders. Furthermore, the outcome of these matters could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The outcomes of legal proceedings, claims, and government investigations are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant judgment to determine the likelihood and amount of loss related to such matters. While it is not possible to determine the outcomes, we believe based on our current knowledge that the resolution of all such pending matters will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock and Class A Warrants began trading on the NasdaqCM NasdaqCM under the symbols DBGI and DBGIW, respectively, on May 14, 2021. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. The following table sets forth the high and low closing bid prices for our common stock for the fiscal quarters indicated as reported on NasdaqCM. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

High Low March 31, 2023 4.27 1.11 December 31, 2022 13.00 3.21 September 30, 2022 22.80 22.80 June 30, 2022 184.00 16.00 March 31, 2022 275.00 91.00 December 31, 2021 664.00 209.00 September 30, 2021 880.00 232.00 June 30, 2021 750.00 280.00 Holders As of April 17, 2023, there were 3,747 holders of record of our common stock. Dividends We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our shares of common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Upon the closing of the IPO on May 18, 2021, all then-outstanding shares of preferred stock converted into an aggregate of 4,027,181 shares of common stock according to their terms. Upon closing of the IPO, we converted outstanding principal totaling 2,680,289 and certain accrued and unpaid interest of our convertible debt into an aggregate of 1,135,153 shares of common stock. Upon closing of the IPO, certain officers and directors converted balances due totaling 257,515 into 152,357 shares of common stock and recorded 233,184 in compensation expense for the shares issued in excess of accrued balances owed. In connection with the H J acquisition, we issued 2,192,771 shares of common stock to the seller. Pursuant to a consulting agreement, we issued 50,000 shares of common stock. In May 2021, an aggregate of 31,881 warrants were exercised for shares of common stock for proceeds of 145,696. In July 2021, an aggregate of 355,000 warrants were exercised for shares of common stock for proceeds of 1,622,350. In August 2021, an aggregate of 1,101,538 shares of common stock were issued in exchange for 100 of the outstanding membership interests in Stateside. In connection with the execution of the Oasis Capital equity purchase agreement, the Company issued 126,356 shares of common stock as commitment shares. In November 2021, we issued an aggregate 130,000 shares of common stock to Oasis Capital and FirstFire pursuant to waivers and consents in connection with the November note. In December 2021, we issued an aggregate of 191,459 shares of common stock pursuant to consulting agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,995,183 shares of common stock pursuant to the conversion of the FirstFire and Oasis Notes. In September 2022, the Company issued 750 shares of common stock pursuant to a consultant agreement at a fair value of 123,000. As part of the Sundry acquisition, the Company issued 90,909 shares of common stock to the Sundry Sellers at a fair value of 1,000,000. In connection with the December Notes, the Company issued 60,000 shares of common stock. In connection with the April note agreement, the Company granted warrants to acquire 12,577 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 122.00 per share expiring in April 2027. On May 10, 2022, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company issued the Underwriters Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 14,956 shares of common stock. The Underwriters Warrants may be exercised beginning on November 1, 2022 until May 5, 2027. The initial exercise price of each Underwriters Warrant is 32.50 per share, which represents 130 of the public offering price. In connection with the July 22 and July 28 notes, the Company issued an aggregate of 41,124 and 27,655 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of 15.20 and 11.30 per share, respectively. The warrants expire in July 2027. In connection with the November public offering, the Company granted 1,650,181 pre-funded warrants which were immediately exercised for shares of common stock. The Company also granted an additional 1,818,181 Class B Warrants and 1,818,181 Class C Warrants as part of the offering. Each Class B Warrant has an exercise price of 5.25 per share, is immediately exercisable upon issuance 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 and expires five years after issuance. Each Class C Warrant has an exercise price of 5.25 per share, is immediately exercisable upon issuance and expires thirteen months after issuance. The Company also granted the placement agent 136,364 warrants, which are exercisable 180 days after issuance and expire in five years. In connection with the December Notes, the Company issued to the investors an aggregate of 469,480 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price equal to 4.26. The warrants are immediately exercisable. In November 2022, The Company granted 44,000 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of 5.00 to the lender in connection with its merchant advances. Unless otherwise stated, the sales of the below securities were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon Section 4 (a)(2) of the Securities Act (or Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder), or Rule 701 promulgated under Section 3(b) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering or pursuant to benefit plans and contracts relating to compensation as provided under Rule 701. The recipients of the securities in each of these transactions represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates issued in these transactions. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans We have adopted a 2020 Omnibus Incentive Stock Plan (the 2020 Plan ). An aggregate of 33,000 shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance and available for awards under the 2020 Plan, including incentive stock options granted under the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan administrator may grant awards to any employee, director, and consultants of the company and its subsidiaries. To date, 27,320 grants (as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split) have been made under the 2020 Plan and 5,680 shares remain eligible for issuance under the Plan. The 2020 Plan is currently administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board as the Plan administrator. The 2020 Plan administrator has the authority to determine, within the limits of the express provisions of the 2020 Plan, the individuals to whom awards will be granted, the nature, amount and terms of such awards and the objectives and conditions for earning such awards. The Board may at any time amend or terminate the 2020 Plan, provided that no such action may be taken that adversely affects any rights or obligations with respect to any awards previously made under the 2020 Plan without the consent of the recipient. No awards may be made under the 2020 Plan after the tenth anniversary of its effective date. Awards under the 2020 Plan may include incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted shares of common stock, restricted stock Units, performance share or Unit awards, other stock-based awards and cash-based incentive awards. ITEM 6. RESERVED ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements of the relevant entities and the pro forma financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward- looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Unless otherwise indicated by the context, references to DBG refer to Digital Brands Group, Inc. solely, and references to the Company, our, we, us and similar terms refer to Digital Brands Group, Inc., together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries Bailey 44, LLC Bailey ), Harper Jones LLC H J ), MOSBEST, LLC Stateside and Sunnyside Sundry ). 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Business Overview Recent Development We have been involved in a dispute with the former owners of H J regarding our obligation to true up their ownership interest in our company further to that membership interest purchase agreement dated May 10, 2021 whereby we acquired all of the outstanding membership interests of H J (as amended, the H J Purchase Agreement ). Further to the H J Purchase Agreement, we agreed that if, at May 18, 2022, the one year anniversary of the closing date of our initial public offering, the product of the number of shares of our common stock issued at the closing of such acquisition multiplied by the average closing price per share of our shares of common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM for the thirty (30) day trading period immediately preceding such date plus the gross proceeds, if any, of shares of our stock issued to such sellers and sold by them during the one year period from the closing date of the offering does not exceed the sum of 9.1 million, less the value of any shares of common stock cancelled further to any indemnification claims or post-closing adjustments under the H J Purchase Agreement, then we shall issue to the subject sellers an additional aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to any such valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of our common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM. We did not honor our obligation to issue such shares and the former owner of H J have claimed that they were damaged as a result. As part of a proposed settlement with such holders, we have tentatively agreed to the following: (i) to transfer all membership interests of H J back to the original owners, (ii) to pay such owners the sum of 229,000, (iii) issue the former owners of H J an aggregate of 1,400,000 worth of our common stock to be issued on May 16, 2023 based on the lower of (a) the stock closing price per share on May 15, 2023, and (b) the average common stock closing price based on the average of the 5 trading days preceding May 16, 2023, with the closing price on May 9, 2023. Such tentative terms are to be memorialized in definitive purchase agreements and as such there is no assurance that such arrangements will be finalized. Our Company Digital Brands Group is a curated collection of lifestyle brands, including Bailey 44, DSTLD, Harper Jones, Stateside, Sundry and ACE Studios, that offers a variety of apparel products through direct-to-consumer and wholesale distribution. Our complementary brand portfolio provides us with the unique opportunity to cross merchandise our brands. We aim for our customers to wear our brands head to toe and to capture what we call closet share by gaining insight into their preferences to create targeted and personalized content specific to their cohort. Operating our brands under one portfolio provides us with the ability to better utilize our technological, human capital and operational capabilities across all brands. As a result, we have been able to realize operational efficiencies and continue to identify additional cost saving opportunities to scale our brands and overall portfolio. Our portfolio consists of four significant brands that leverage our three channels: our websites, wholesale and our own stores. Bailey 44 combines beautiful, luxe fabrics and on-trend designs to create sophisticated ready-to-wear capsules for women on-the-go. Designing for real life, this brand focuses on feeling and comfort rather than how it looks on a runway. Bailey 44 is primarily a wholesale brand, which we are transitioning to a digital, direct-to-consumer brand. DSTLD offers stylish high-quality garments without the luxury retail markup valuing customer experience over labels. DSTLD is primarily a digital direct-to-consumer brand, to which we recently added select wholesale retailers to generate brand awareness. Harper Jones was built with the goal of inspiring men to dress with intention. It offers hand- crafted custom fit suits for those looking for a premium experience. Harper Jones is primarily a direct-to-consumer brand using its own showrooms. Stateside is an elevated, America first brand with all knitting, dyeing, cutting and sewing sourced and manufactured locally in Los Angeles. The collection is influenced by the evolution of the classic t-shirt offering a simple yet elegant look. Stateside is primarily a wholesale brand that we will be transitioning to a digital, direct-to-consumer brand. Sundry offers distinct collections of women s clothing, including dresses, shirts, sweaters, skirts, shorts, athleisure bottoms and other accessory products. Sundry s products are coastal casual and consist of soft, relaxed and colorful designs that feature a distinct French chic, resembling the spirits of the French Mediterranean and the energy of Venice Beach in Southern California. Sundry is primarily a wholesale brand that we will be transitioning to a digital, direct-to-consumer brand. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 We believe that successful apparel brands sell in all revenue channels. However, each channel offers different margin structures and requires different customer acquisition and retention strategies. We were founded as a digital-first retailer that has strategically expanded into select wholesale and direct retail channels. We strive to strategically create omnichannel strategies for each of our brands that blend physical and online channels to engage consumers in the channel of their choosing. Our products are sold direct-to- consumers principally through our websites and our own showrooms, but also through our wholesale channel, primarily in specialty stores and select department stores. With the continued expansion of our wholesale distribution, we believe developing an omnichannel solution further strengthens our ability to efficiently acquire and retain customers while also driving high customer lifetime value. We believe that by leveraging a physical footprint to acquire customers and increase brand awareness, we can use digital marketing to focus on retention and a very tight, disciplined high value new customer acquisition strategy, especially targeting potential customers lower in the sales funnel. Building a direct relationship with the customer as the customer transacts directly with us allows us to better understand our customer s preferences and shopping habits. Our substantial experience as a company originally founded as a digitally native-first retailer gives us the ability to strategically review and analyze the customer s data, including contact information, browsing and shopping cart data, purchase history and style preferences. This in turn has the effect of lowering our inventory risk and cash needs since we can order and replenish product based on the data from our online sales history, replenish specific inventory by size, color and SKU based on real times sales data, and control our mark-down and promotional strategies versus being told what mark downs and promotions we have to offer by the department stores and boutique retailers. We define closet share as the percentage share of a customer s clothing units that of closet she or he owns in her or his closet and the amount of those units that go to the brands that are selling these units. For example, if a customer buys 20 units of clothing a year and the brands that we own represent 10 of those units purchased, then our closet share is 50 of that customer s closet, or 10 of our branded units divided by 20 units they purchased in entirety. Closet share is a similar concept to the widely used term wallet share, it is just specific to the customer s closet. The higher our closet share, the higher our revenue as higher closet share suggests the customer is purchasing more of our brands than our competitors. We have strategically expanded into an omnichannel brand offering these styles and content not only on-line but at selected wholesale and retail storefronts. We believe this approach allows us opportunities to successfully drive Lifetime Value LTV while increasing new customer growth. We define Lifetime Value or LTV as an estimate of the average revenue that a customer will generate throughout their lifespan as our customer. This value/revenue of a customer helps us determine many economic decisions, such as marketing budgets per marketing channel, retention versus acquisition decisions, unit level economics, profitability and revenue forecasting. We acquired Bailey in February 2020, H J in May 2021, Stateside in August 2021 and Sundry in December 2022. We agreed on the consideration that we paid in each acquisition in the course of arm s length negotiations with the holders of the membership interests in each of Bailey, H J, Stateside and Sundry. In determining and negotiating this consideration, we relied on the experience and judgment of our management and our evaluation of the potential synergies that could be achieved in combining the operations of Bailey, H J, Stateside and Sundry. We did not obtain independent valuations, appraisals or fairness opinions to support the consideration that we paid/agreed to pay. Material Trends, Events and Uncertainties COVID-19 After the impact of COVID-19, we have implemented cost controls to reduce discretionary spending to help mitigate the loss of sales and to conserve cash while continuing to support employees. We are also assessing our forward inventory purchase commitments to ensure proper matching of supply and demand, which will result in an overall reduction in future commitments. As we continue to actively monitor the situation, we may take further actions that affect our operations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Supply Chain Disruptions We are subject to global supply chain disruptions, which may include longer lead times for raw fabrics, inbound shipping and longer production times. Supply chain issues have specifically impacted the following for our brands: Increased costs in raw materials from fabric prices, which have increased 10 to 100 depending on the fabric, the time of year, and the origin of the fabric, as well as where the fabric is being shipped; Increased cost per kilo to ship via sea or air, which has increased from 25 to 300 depending on the time of year and from the country we are shipping from; Increased transit time via sea or air, which have increased by two weeks to two months; and Increased labor costs for producing the finished goods, which have increased 5 to 25 depending on the country and the labor skill required to produce the goods. We have been able to pass along some of these increased costs and also offset some of these increased costs with higher gross margin online revenue. 
 Seasonality Our quarterly operating results vary due to the seasonality of our individual brands, and are historically stronger in the second half of the calendar year Substantial Indebtedness As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding of approximately 15.4 million. We believe this is an amount of indebtedness which may be considered significant for a company of our size and current revenue base. Our substantial debt could have important consequences to us. For example, it could: make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to the holders of our outstanding debt, resulting in possible defaults on and acceleration of such indebtedness; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to make payments on our debt, which would reduce the availability of our cash flows from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations; place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors with proportionately less debt for their size; limit our ability to refinance our existing indebtedness or borrow additional funds in the future; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changing conditions in our business; and limit our ability to react to competitive pressures or make it difficult for us to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy. 
 Any of the foregoing impacts of our substantial indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 4,500,000 pursuant to the Bailey acquisition. Upon the IPO closing in May 2021, we repaid 1,000,000 of the outstanding principal on this note in May 2021. In August 2021, the maturity date was further 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 extended to December 31, 2022. We are required to make prepayments of 2,000,000 to 4,000,000 if we complete a secondary public offering. If a public offering is not consummated before October 31, 2021 and June 30, 2022, we were obligated to repay 10 of the outstanding principal at each date. We did not make any payments in October 2021, and the lender agreed to defer these payments to the maturity date of the loan, December 31, 2022. However, no payments have been made - while the parties are undergoing an extension of the maturity date, the note is in technical default. In addition, we issued promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 5,500,000 pursuant to the Sundry acquisition with a maturity date of February 15, 2023. However no payments have been made and the notes are in technical default. If such holders enforce their rights in connection with such defaults and achieve a default judgement, this may also result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. We are currently unable to repay or refinance these borrowings so any such action by these lenders could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In addition, our ability to make scheduled payments on our indebtedness or to refinance our obligations under our debt agreements, will depend on our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, will be subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to the financial and business risk factors we face as described in this section, many of which may be beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures or planned growth objectives, seek to obtain additional equity capital or restructure our indebtedness. In the future, our cash flows and capital resources may not be sufficient for payments of interest on and principal of our debt, and such alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet scheduled debt service obligations. In addition, the recent worldwide credit crisis could make it more difficult for us to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we may be required to dispose of material assets to meet our debt service obligations. We may not be able to consummate those sales, or, if we do, we will not control the timing of the sales or whether the proceeds that we realize will be adequate to meet debt service obligations when due. Performance Factors We believe that our future performance will depend on many factors, including the following: Ability to Increase Our Customer Base in both Online and Traditional Wholesale Distribution Channels We are currently growing our customer base through both paid and organic online channels, as well as by expanding our presence in a variety of physical retail distribution channels. Online customer acquisitions typically occur at our direct websites for each brand . Our online customer acquisition strategies include paid and unpaid social media, search, display and traditional media. Our products for Bailey, DSTLD and Stateside are also sold through a growing number of physical retail channels, including specialty stores, department stores and online multi-brand platforms. Our products for Harper Jones are sold through its own showrooms and its outside sales reps, which can use the showrooms to meet clients. Ability to Acquire Customers at a Reasonable Cost We believe an ability to consistently acquire customers at a reasonable cost relative to customer retention rates, contribution margins and projected life-time value will be a key factor affecting future performance. To accomplish this goal, we intend to balance advertising spend between online and offline channels, as well as cross marketing and cross merchandising our portfolio brands and their respective products. We believe the ability to cross merchandise products and cross market brands, will decrease our customer acquisition costs while increasing the customer s lifetime value and contribution margin. We will also balance marketing spend with advertising focused on creating emotional brand recognition, which we believe will represent a lower percentage of our spend. Ability to Drive Repeat Purchases and Customer Retention We accrue substantial economic value and margin expansion from customer cohort retention and repeat purchases of our products on an annual basis. Our revenue growth rate and operating margin expansion will be affected by our customer cohort retention rates and the cohorts annual spend for both existing and newly acquired customers. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Ability to Expand Our Product Lines Our goal is to expand our product lines over time to increase our growth opportunity. Our customer s annual spend and brand relevance will be driven by the cadence and success of new product launches. Ability to Expand Gross Margins Our overall profitability will be impacted by our ability to expand gross margins through effective sourcing and leveraging buying power of finished goods and shipping costs, as well as pricing power over time. Ability to Expand Operating Margins Our ability to expand operating margins will be impacted by our ability to leverage (1) fixed general and administrative costs, (2) variable sales and marketing costs, (3) elimination of redundant costs as we acquire and integrate brands, (4) cross marketing and cross merchandising brands in our portfolio, and (4) drive customer retention and customer lifetime value. Our ability to expand operating margins will result from increasing revenue growth above our operating expense growth, as well as increasing gross margins. For example, we anticipate that our operating expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we undertake the acquisition and integration of different brands, incur expenses associated with maintaining compliance as a public company, and increased marketing and sales efforts to increase our customer base. While we anticipate that the operating expenses in absolute dollars will increase, we do not anticipate that the operating expenses as a percentage of revenue will increase. We anticipate that the operating expenses as a percentage of revenue will decrease as we eliminate duplicative costs across brands including a reduction in similar labor roles, contracts for technologies and operating systems and creating lower costs from higher purchasing power from shipping expenses to purchase orders of products. This reduction of expenses and lower cost per unit due to purchasing power should create meaningful savings in both dollars and as a percentage of revenue. As an example, we were able to eliminate several million in expenses within six months of acquiring Bailey. Examples of these savings include eliminating several Bailey teams, which our teams took over. We merged over half of the technology contracts and operating systems contracts from two brands into one brand contract at significant savings. We also eliminated our office space and rent and moved everyone into the Bailey office space. Finally, we eliminated DSTLD s third-party logistics company and started using Bailey s internal logistics. This resulted in an increase in our operating expenses in absolute dollars as there were now two brands versus one brand. However, the operating expenses as a percentage of pre-COVID revenue declined meaningfully and as we increase revenue for each brand, we expect to experience higher margins. Ability to Create Free Cash Flow Our goal is to achieve near term free cash flow through cash flow positive acquisitions, elimination of redundant expenses in acquired companies, increasing customer annual spend and lowering customer acquisition costs through cross merchandising across our brand portfolio. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation Our accounting and reporting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Business Acquisitions We record our acquisitions under the acquisition method of accounting, under which most of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are initially recorded at their respective fair values and any excess purchase price is reflected as goodwill. We utilize management estimates and, in some instances, independent third-party valuation firms to assist in determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent consideration, if any. Such estimates and valuations require us to make significant assumptions, including projections of future events and operating performance. The fair value of customer relationships, backlog and trade names/trademarks acquired in our acquisitions are determined using various valuation methods, based on a number of significant assumptions. We determine which assets have finite lives and then determine the estimated useful life of finite assets. The expected useful life of customer relationships is established as three years, which is the period over which these assets are expected to reasonably contribute to future cash flows. We expect to amortize such customer relationships using the straight-line method. The estimated fair values are subject to change during the measurement period, which is limited to one year subsequent to the acquisition date. Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized when performance obligations are satisfied through the transfer of promised goods to our customers. Control transfers upon shipment of product and when the title has been passed to the customers. This includes the transfer of legal title, physical possession, the risks and rewards of ownership, and customer acceptance. We provide the customer the right of return on the product and revenue is adjusted based on an estimate of the expected returns based on historical rates. We consider the sale of products as a single performance obligation. Sales tax collected from customers and remitted to taxing authorities is excluded from revenue and is included in accrued expenses. Revenue is deferred for orders received for which associated shipments have not occurred. Accounts Receivable We carry our accounts receivable at invoiced amounts less allowances for customer credits, doubtful accounts, and other deductions. We do not accrue interest on its trade receivables. Management evaluates the ability to collect accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. Receivables are determined to be past due based on individual credit terms. A reserve for doubtful accounts is maintained based on the length of time receivables are past due, historical collections, or the status of a customer s financial position. Receivables are written off in the year deemed uncollectible after efforts to collect the receivables have proven unsuccessful. We periodically review accounts receivable, estimate an allowance for bad debts, and simultaneously record the appropriate expense in the statement of operations. Such estimates are based on general economic conditions, the financial conditions of customers, and the amount and age of past due accounts. Past due accounts are written off against that allowance only after all collection attempts have been exhausted and the prospects for recovery are remote. Goodwill Impairment We are required to assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually for each reporting unit that carries goodwill. We may elect to first do a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is in excess of its carrying value. If the qualitative assessment concludes that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative assessment is performed. If the fair value is determined to be less than its carrying value, we record goodwill impairment equal to the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. Intangible Assets Impairment We evaluate the carrying amount of intangible assets and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. We test these assets for recoverability by comparing the net carrying amount of the asset or asset group to the undiscounted net 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 cash flows to be generated from the use and eventual disposition of that asset or asset group. If the assets are recoverable, an impairment loss does not exist, and no loss is recorded. If the carrying amounts of the assets are not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for any deficiency of the asset or asset group s fair value compared to their carrying amount. Although we base cash flow forecasts on assumptions that are consistent with plans and estimates we use to manage our business, there is significant judgment in determining the cash flows attributable to these assets, including markets and market share, sales volumes and mix, and working capital changes. Financial Statement Components Bailey Net Revenue Bailey sells its products directly to customers. Bailey also sells its products indirectly through wholesale channels that include third-party online channels and physical channels such as specialty retailers and department stores. Cost of Net Revenue Bailey s cost of net revenue includes the direct cost of purchased and manufactured merchandise; inventory shrinkage; inventory adjustments due to obsolescence including excess and slow-moving inventory and lower of cost and net realizable reserves; duties; and inbound freight. Cost of net revenue also includes direct labor to production activities such as pattern makers, cutters and sewers. Cost of net revenue includes an allocation of overheard costs such as rent, utilities and commercial insurance pertaining to direct inventory activities. Operating Expenses Bailey s operating expenses include all operating costs not included in cost of net revenues and sales and marketing. These costs consist of general and administrative, fulfillment and shipping expense to the customer. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of all payroll and payroll-related expenses, professional fees, insurance, software costs, occupancy expenses related to Bailey s operations at its headquarters, including utilities, depreciation and amortization, and other costs related to the administration of its business. Bailey s fulfillment and shipping expenses include the cost to operate its warehouse including occupancy and labor costs to pick and pack customer orders and any return orders; packaging; and shipping costs to the customer from the warehouse and any returns from the customer to the warehouse. Sales Marketing Bailey s sales and marketing expense primarily includes digital advertising; photo shoots for wholesale and direct-to-consumer communications, including email, social media and digital advertisements; and commission expenses associated with sales representatives. Interest Expense Bailey s interest expense consists primarily of interest related to its outstanding debt to our senior lender. DBG Net Revenue We sell our products to our customers directly through our website. In those cases, sales, net represents total sales less returns, promotions and discounts. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Cost of Net Revenue Cost of net revenue include direct cost of purchased merchandise; inventory shrinkage; inventory adjustments due to obsolescence, including excess and slow-moving inventory and lower of cost and net realizable reserves. Operating Expenses Our operating expenses include all operating costs not included in cost of net revenues. These costs consist of general and administrative, sales and marketing, and fulfillment and shipping expense to the customer. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of all payroll and payroll-related expenses, professional fees, insurance, software costs, and expenses related to our operations at our headquarters, including utilities, depreciation and amortization, and other costs related to the administration of our business. We expect to continue to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including costs to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a national securities exchange, costs related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC and higher expenses for insurance, investor relations and professional services. We expect these costs will increase our operating costs. Fulfillment and shipping expenses include the cost to operate our warehouse or prior to Bailey 44 acquisition, costs paid to our third-party logistics provider including occupancy and labor costs to pick and pack customer orders and any return orders; packaging; and shipping costs to the customer from the warehouse and any returns from the customer to the warehouse. In addition, going forward, the amortization of the identifiable intangibles acquired in the acquisitions will be included in operating expenses. Interest Expense Interest expense consists primarily of interest related to our debt outstanding to our senior lender, convertible debt, and other interest bearing liabilities. H J Net Revenue H J sells its products directly to customers through their showrooms and sales reps. Cost of Net Revenue H J s cost of net revenue sold is associated with procuring fabric and custom tailoring each garment. Operating Expenses H J s operating expenses include all operating costs not included in cost of net revenue. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of all payroll and payroll-related expenses, professional fees, insurance, software costs, occupancy expenses related to H J s stores and to H J s operations at its headquarters, including utilities, depreciation and amortization, and other costs related to the administration of its business. H J s sales and marketing expense primarily includes digital advertising; photo shoots for wholesale and direct-to-consumer communications, including email, social media and digital advertisements; and commission expenses associated with sales representatives. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Expense H J s interest expense consists primarily of interest related to its outstanding debt. Stateside Net Revenue Stateside sells its products directly to customers. Stateside also sells its products indirectly through wholesale channels that include third-party online channels and physical channels such as specialty retailers and department stores. Cost of Net Revenue Stateside s cost of net revenue includes the direct cost of purchased and manufactured merchandise; inventory shrinkage; inventory adjustments due to obsolescence including excess and slow-moving inventory and lower of cost and net realizable reserves; duties; and inbound freight. Cost of net revenue also includes direct labor to production activities such as pattern makers, cutters and sewers. Cost of net revenue includes an allocation of overheard costs such as rent, utilities and commercial insurance pertaining to direct inventory activities. Operating Expenses Stateside s operating expenses include all operating costs not included in cost of net revenues and sales and marketing. These costs consist of general and administrative, fulfillment and shipping expense to the customer. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of all payroll and payroll-related expenses, professional fees, insurance, software costs, occupancy expenses related to Stateside s stores and to Stateside s operations at its headquarters, including utilities, depreciation and amortization, and other costs related to the administration of its business. Stateside s fulfillment and shipping expenses include the cost to operate its warehouse including occupancy and labor costs to pick and pack customer orders and any return orders; packaging; and shipping costs to the customer from the warehouse and any returns from the customer to the warehouse. Sales Marketing Stateside s sales and marketing expense primarily includes digital advertising; photo shoots for wholesale and direct-to-consumer communications, including email, social media and digital advertisements; and commission expenses associated with sales representatives. Sundry Net Revenue Sundry sells its products directly to customers. Sundry also sells its products indirectly through wholesale channels that include third-party online channels and physical channels such as specialty retailers and department stores. Cost of Net Revenue Sundry s cost of net revenue includes the direct cost of purchased and manufactured merchandise; inventory shrinkage; inventory adjustments due to obsolescence including excess and slow-moving inventory and lower of cost and net realizable reserves; duties; and inbound freight. Cost of net revenue also includes direct labor to production activities such as pattern makers, cutters and sewers. Cost of net revenue includes an allocation of overheard costs such as rent, utilities and commercial insurance pertaining to direct inventory activities. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Expenses Sundry s operating expenses include all operating costs not included in cost of net revenues and sales and marketing. These costs consist of general and administrative, fulfillment and shipping expense to the customer. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of all payroll and payroll-related expenses, professional fees, insurance, software costs, occupancy expenses related to Sundry s stores and to Sundry s operations at its headquarters, including utilities, depreciation and amortization, and other costs related to the administration of its business. Sundry s fulfillment and shipping expenses include the cost to operate its warehouse including occupancy and labor costs to pick and pack customer orders and any return orders; packaging; and shipping costs to the customer from the warehouse and any returns from the customer to the warehouse. Sales and Marketing Sundry s sales and marketing expense primarily includes digital advertising; photo shoots for wholesale and direct-to-consumer communications, including email, social media and digital advertisements; and commission expenses associated with sales representatives. Results of Operations Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 The following table presents our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net revenues 13,971,178 7,584,859 Cost of net revenues 8,030,908 5,716,587 Gross profit 5,940,270 1,868,272 General and administrative 16,371,536 16,752,516 Sales and marketing 4,950,635 3,810,583 Other operating expenses 16,715,204 12,653,831 Operating loss (32,097,105) (31,348,658) Other expenses (5,946,257) (2,109,419) Loss before provision for income taxes (38,043,362) (33,458,077) Provision for income taxes 1,100,120 Net loss (38,043,362) (32,357,957) Net Revenues Revenue increased by 6.4 million to 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.6 million in the corresponding fiscal period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to full results in 2022 pertaining to the acquisition of H J in May 2021 and Stateside in August 2021. Gross Profit Our gross profit increased by 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 5.9 million from 1.9 million for the corresponding fiscal period in 2021. The increase in gross margin was primarily attributable to increased revenue in 2022 and the gross profit achieved by H J and Stateside since the acquisitions, as well as discounting and liquidation measures by both DBG and Bailey to sell aged inventory in 2021. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Our gross margin was 42.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 24.6 for year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the gross margin was due to H J and Stateside s margins in 2022, as well as discounting and liquidation measures by both DBG and Bailey to sell aged inventory in 2021. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses decreased by 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 16.4 million compared to 16.8 million in 2021. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to non-cash charges incurred in 2021 upon the IPO, including stock-based compensation expense of 4.8. This was partially offset by increased general and administrative expenses in 2022 due to full scale operations of all subsidiaries, as well as increased headcount and corporate costs. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was 117 in 2022 as compared to 221 in 2021. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses increased by 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 4.9 million compared to 3.8 million in 2021. The increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to full-year advertising and marketing efforts by each subsidiary. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue was 35 in 2022 as compared to 50 in 2021. Other Operating Expenses Other operating expenses includes distribution expenses, impairment and change in fair value of contingent consideration. Other operating expenses was 16.7 million in 2022 as compared to 12.7 million in 2021, an increase of 4.0 million. The increase was primarily due to a 12.1 million increase in impairment charges on Bailey and Harper s goodwill and intangible assets, partially offset by a decrease in the change in fair value of contingent consideration of 8.2 million. Other Income (Expense) Other expenses increased by 3.8 million to 5.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.1 million in the corresponding fiscal period in 2021. The increase in other expenses in 2022 was primarily due to amortization of debt discount and related interest expense on the Company s various convertible notes and change in fair value of derivative liability, partially offset by PPP forgiveness. Net Loss Our net loss increased by 5.6 million to a loss of 38.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a loss of 32.4 million for the corresponding fiscal period in 2021 primarily due to our increased operating expenses and other expenses, partially offset by a higher gross profit in 2022 and tax benefit recorded in 2021. Liquidity and Capital Resources Each of DBG, Bailey, H J and Stateside has historically satisfied our liquidity needs and funded operations with internally generated cash flow and borrowings and capital raises. Changes in working capital, most notably accounts receivable, are driven primarily by levels of business activity. Historically each of DBG, Bailey, H J and Stateside has maintained credit line facilities to support such working capital needs and makes repayments on that facility with excess cash flow from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 1,283,282, but we had a working capital deficit of 32,064,398. The Company requires significant capital to meet its obligations as they become due. These factors raise substantial doubt about our Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Throughout the next twelve months, the Company intends to fund its operations primarily from the funds raised through the equity line of credit agreement. The Company may pursue secondary offerings or debt financings to provide working capital and satisfy debt obligations. There can be no assurance as to the availability or terms upon which such financing and capital might be available in the future. If the Company is unable to secure additional funding, it may be forced to curtail or suspend its business 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 plans. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 included herein contains an explanatory paragraph indicating that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of recurring losses from operations. Cash Flow Activities The following table presents selected captions from our condensed statement of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities: Net loss (38,043,362) (32,357,957) Non-cash adjustments 23,122,024 17,758,597 Change in operating assets and liabilities 4,350,447 381,001 Net cash used in operating activities (10,570,889) (14,218,359) Net cash used in investing activities (7,313,384) (6,011,053) Net cash provided by financing activities 18,639,161 20,181,820 Net change in cash 754,888 (47,592) Cash Flows Used In Operating Activities Our cash used in operating activities decreased by 3.6 million to 10.6 million to cash used for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash used of 14.2 million for the corresponding fiscal period in 2021. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by an increase in non-cash adjustments of 5.4 million and more cash provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities in 2022, partially offset by an increase in our net loss in 2022. Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities Our cash used in investing activities was 7.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash used of 6.0 million for the corresponding fiscal period in 2021. Cash used in 2022 was primarily related to the cash consideration in the Sundry acquisition. Cash used in 2021 was primarily related to the cash consideration in the H J and Stateside acquisitions. Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities was 18.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash provided of 20.2 million for the corresponding fiscal period in 2021. Cash inflows in 2022 were primarily related to 16.4 million in equity proceeds after offering costs, 10.2 million from convertible notes and loans, partially offset by note repayments of 7.4 million. Cash inflows in 2021 were primarily related to 8.6 million in net proceeds from the IPO after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, as well as 1.4 million in net proceeds from the underwriter s exercise of their over-allotment option. Contractual Obligations and Commitments In March 2017, we entered into a senior credit agreement with an outside lender for up to 4,000,000, dependent upon the achievement of certain milestones. The initial close amount was a minimum of 1,345,000. The loan bears interest at 12.5 per annum, compounded monthly, including fees. A 5 closing fee is due upon each closing, legal and accounting fees of up to 40,000, and management fees of 4,167 5,000 per month. In September 2022, the entire outstanding principal was converted into preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022 we have 4.0 million in outstanding principal pertaining to our convertible notes which mature in February 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we have an additional 10.4 million in outstanding principal on other loans, primarily our promissory notes due to the Bailey44 and Sundry Sellers. Aside from our remaining non-current SBA obligations, all outstanding loans have maturity dates through 2023. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Future Commitments We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information required by this item may be found on pages F-1 through F-36 of this annual report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who serve as our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, respectively, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation, our management considered the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date. We have initiated various remediation efforts, including the hiring of additional financial personnel/consultants with the appropriate public company and technical accounting expertise and other actions that are more fully described below. As such remediation efforts are still ongoing, we have concluded that the material weaknesses have not been fully remediated. Our remediation efforts to date have included the following: We have made an assessment of the basis of accounting, revenue recognition policies and accounting period cutoff procedures. In some cases, we made the necessary adjustments to convert the basis of accounting from cash basis to accrual basis. In all cases we have done the required analytical work to ensure the proper cutoff of the financial position and results of operations for the presented accounting periods. We have made an assessment of the current accounting personnel, financial reporting and information system environments and capabilities. Based on our preliminary findings, we have found these resources and systems lacking and have concluded that these resources and systems will need to be supplemented and/or upgraded. We are in the process of identifying a single, unified accounting and reporting system that can be used by the Company and Bailey, with the goal of ensuring consistency 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 and timeliness in reporting, real time access to data while also ensuring ongoing data integrity, backup and cyber security procedures and processes. We engaged external consultants with public company and technical accounting experience to facilitate accurate and timely accounting closes and to accurately prepare and review the financial statements and related footnote disclosures. We plan to retain these financial consultants until such time that the internal resources of the Company have been upgraded and the required financial controls have been fully implemented. We have made an assessment on significant judgments and estimates, including impairment of long-lived assets and inventory valuation. We plan to take the steps as noted above to have the proper resources to conduct proper analyses on areas requiring judgments and estimates. 
 The actions that have been taken are subject to continued review, implementation and testing by management, as well as audit committee oversight. While we have implemented a variety of steps to remediate these weaknesses, we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully remediate them, which could impair our ability to accurately and timely meet our public company reporting requirements. Notwithstanding the assessment that our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective and that material weaknesses exist, we believe that we have employed supplementary procedures to ensure that the financial statements contained in this filing fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the reporting periods covered herein in all material respects. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Management believes that the material weakness set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth the names, ages and titles of our directors, director nominees, executive officers and key personnel: Executive Officers and Directors The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2022. 

Name Age Position Executive Officers and Directors John Hilburn Davis IV 50 President and Chief Executive Officer Laura Dowling 43 Chief Marketing Officer Reid Yeoman 40 Chief Financial Officer Mark T. Lynn 38 Director Trevor Pettennude 55 Director Jameeka Aaron 42 Director Huong Lucy Doan 53 Director Board Composition Our board of directors may establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. No current or pending member of our board of directors or Compensation Committee serves as a member of the board of directors or the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. Executive Officers John Hilburn Davis IV, Hil , has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2019 and a Director since November 2020. He joined DSLTD to overhaul its supply chain in March 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Davis founded two companies, BeautyKind and J.Hilburn. He founded and was CEO of BeautyKind from October 2013 to January 2018. He also founded and was CEO of J.Hilburn from January 2007 to September 2013, growing it from 0 to 55 million in revenues in six years. From 1998 to 2006 Mr. Davis worked as an equity research analyst covering consumer luxury publicly traded companies at Thomas Weisel Partners, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey and Citadel Investment Group. He graduated from Rhodes College in 1995 with a BA in Sociology and Anthropology. On December 16, 2021, Mr. Davis filed for personal bankruptcy through the filing of a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in Texas federal court. Laura Dowling has served as our Chief Marketing Officer since February 2019. Prior to that she was the Divisional Vice President of Marketing PR, North America at Coach from February 2016 to August 2018. At Coach Ms. Dowling led a team of 25 and was held accountable for 45 million profit and loss. From August 2011 to February 2016, she was the Director of Marketing PR at Harry Winston and from March 2009 to August 2011 she was the Director of Wholesale Marketing at Ralph Lauren. Ms. Dowling holds both a Masters degree (2002) and Bachelors degree (2001) in Communications Media Studies with a Minor in French from Fordham University. Reid Yeoman has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 2019. Mr. Yeoman is a finance professional with a core Financial Planning Analysis background at major multi-national Fortune 500 companies including Nike Qualcomm. He has a proven track record of driving growth and expanding profitability with retail. From November 2017 to September 2019, Mr. Yeoman served as CFO/ COO at Hurley a standalone global brand within the Nike portfolio where he managed the full profit and loss/Balance Sheet, reporting directly to Nike and oversaw the brand s logistics and operations. He is a native Californian and graduated with an MBA from UCLA s Anderson School of Management in 2013 and a BA from UC Santa Barbara in 2004. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Nonemployee Board Members Mark T. Lynn has been a director of our company since inception and served as our Co-Chief Executive Officer from September 2013 to the October 2018. Prior to joining us, until September 2011 he was Co-Founder of WINC, a direct-to-consumer e-commerce company which was then the fastest growing winery in the world, backed by Bessemer Venture Partners. Prior to Club W, Mr. Lynn co-founded a digital payments company that was sold in 2011. He holds a digital marketing certificate from Harvard Business School s Executive Education Program. Trevor Pettennude is a seasoned financial services executive. In 2013, Mr. Pettennude became the CEO of 360 Mortgage Group, where he oversees a team of 70 people generating over 1 billion of annual loan volume. He is also the founder and principal of Banctek Solutions, a global merchant service company which was launched in 2009 and which processes over 300 million of volume annually. Jameeka Green Aaron became a director of our company in May 2021. Ms. Aaron is the Chief Information Security Officer at Auth0. Ms Aaron is responsible for the holistic security and compliance of Auth0 s platform, products, and corporate environment. Auth0 provides a platform to authenticate, authorize, and secure access for applications, devices, and users. Prior to her current role Ms. Aaron was the Chief Information Officer Westcoast Operations at United Legwear and Apparel. Her 20+ years of experience include serving as the Director of North American Technology and Director of Secure Code and Identity and Access Management at Nike, and as Chief of Staff to the CIO of Lockheed Martin Space Systems Company. Ms. Aaron is also a 9-year veteran of the United States Navy. Ms. Aaron s dedication to service has extended beyond her military career. She is committed to advancing women and people of color in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields she is an alumni of the U.S. State Department s TechWomen program and the National Urban League of Young Professionals. Ms. Aaron currently sits on the board of the California Women Veterans Leadership Council, is an advisor for U.C. Riverside Design Thinking Program, and is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Born in Stockton, California, Ms. Aaron holds a bachelor s degree in Information Technology from the University of Massachusetts, Lowell. Ms. Aaron s extensive corporate and leadership experience qualifies her to serve on our board of directors. Huong Lucy Doan is a seasoned finance and strategy executive who brings expertise working with some of the world s best-known brands. Since 2018, Ms. Doan serves as advisor to CEOs and founders of high-growth DTC, ecommerce and retail brands, in apparel and consumer products. In this capacity, she provides strategic guidance to successfully scale businesses while driving profitability, with focus on operational excellence and capital resource planning. In 2019, she became a board member of Grunt Style, a patriotic apparel brand. Prior, Ms. Doan spent 20 years in senior executive roles at Guitar Center, Herbalife International, Drapers Damons, and Fox Television, where she built high performance teams to drive execution of business plans and growth strategies. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee, each of which operates pursuant to a charter adopted by our board of directors. The board of directors may also establish other committees from time to time to assist our company and the board of directors. The composition and functioning of all of our committees will comply with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, NasdaqCM and SEC rules and regulations, if applicable. Each committee s charter is available on our website at www.digitalbrandsgroup.co. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website. Audit committee Trevor Pettennude, Jameeka Green Aaron and Hong Doan serve on the audit committee, which is chaired by Trevor Pettennude. Our board of directors has determined that each are independent for audit committee purposes as that term is defined by the rules of the SEC and NasdaqCM, and that each has sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing matters to serve on the audit committee. Our Board of directors has designated Trevor Pettennude as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC. The audit committee s responsibilities include: appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; pre-approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 reviewing the overall audit plan with our independent registered public accounting firm and members of management responsible for preparing our financial statements; reviewing and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and practices used by us; coordinating the oversight and reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting; establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting-related complaints and concerns; recommending, based upon the audit committee s review and discussions with management and our independent registered public accounting firm, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters; preparing the audit committee report required by SEC rules to be included in our annual proxy statement; reviewing all related person transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions; and reviewing quarterly earnings releases. 
 Compensation committee Trevor Pettennude, Jameeka Green Aaron and Hong Doan serve on the compensation committee, which is chaired by Jameeka Green Aaron. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the compensation committee is independent as defined in the applicable NasdaqCM rules. The compensation committee s responsibilities include: annually reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer; evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer in light of such corporate goals and objectives and based on such evaluation: (i) recommending to the board of directors the cash compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, and (ii) reviewing and approving grants and awards to our Chief Executive Officer under equity-based plans; reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the cash compensation of our other executive officers; reviewing and establishing our overall management compensation, philosophy and policy; overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans; reviewing and approving the retention or termination of any consulting firm or outside advisor to assist in the evaluation of compensation matters and evaluating and assessing potential and current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence standards identified in the applicable NasdaqCM rules; retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors; reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards; reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the compensation of our directors; and 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 preparing the compensation committee report required by SEC rules, if and when required, to be included in our annual proxy statement. 
 None of the members of our compensation committee has at any time during the prior three years been one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past fiscal year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors or compensation committee. Nominating and corporate governance committee Trevor Pettennude, Jameeka Green Aaron and Hong Doan serve on the nominating and corporate governance committee, which is chaired by Hong Doan. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the nominating and corporate governance committee is independent as defined in the applicable NasdaqCM rules. The nominating and corporate governance committee s responsibilities include: developing and recommending to the board of directors criteria for board and committee membership; establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees recommended by stockholders; and reviewing the composition of the board of directors to ensure that it is composed of members containing the appropriate skills and expertise to advise us. 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings There are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. On December 16, 2021, Mr. Davis filed for personal bankruptcy through the filing of a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in Texas federal court. Except for Mr. Davis, none of our directors and officers has been affiliated with any company that has filed for bankruptcy within the last ten years. We are not aware of any proceedings to which any of our officers or directors, or any associate of any such officer or director, is a party adverse to us or any of our or has a material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries. Code of Conduct The Company s Code of Conduct applies to all of its employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. The Code of Conduct is available on its website at www.digitalbrandsgroup.co. Information contained on or accessible through such website is not a part of this Annual Report, and the inclusion of the website address in this Annual Report is an inactive textual reference only. The Company intends to disclose any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or any waivers of its requirements, on its website to the extent required by the applicable rules and exchange requirements. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the Company s common stock to file with the SEC reports showing initial ownership of and changes in ownership of the Company s common stock and other registered equity securities. Based solely upon our review of the copies of such forms or written representations from certain reporting persons received by us with respect to fiscal year 2022, the Company believes that its directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of its equity securities have complied with all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements for fiscal year 2022. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation of Named Executive Officers The summary compensation table below shows certain compensation information for services rendered in all capacities for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Other than as set forth herein, no executive officer s salary and bonus exceeded 100,000 in any of the applicable years. The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, the number of stock options granted and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred. 

Fiscal Option Stock Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Awards Awards(1) Total John Hil Davis 2022 350,000 President and Chief Executive Officer 2021 350,000 3,704,483 233,184 4,287,667 Laura Dowling 2022 300,000 Chief Marketing Officer 2021 300,000 691,135 991,135 Reid Yeoman 2022 250,000 Chief Financial Officer 2021 250,000 221,163 471,163 

 (1) Upon closing of the IPO, 1,273 shares of common stock were issued to the CEO as conversion of an outstanding note payable and related accrued interest, accrued compensation and other consideration. As of a result of the transaction, the Company recorded an additional 233,184 in stock compensation expense, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Executive Officer Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The following table provides certain information concerning any common share purchase options, stock awards or equity incentive plan awards held by each of our named executive officers that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The number of shares of common stock referred to in this Executive Compensation section gives effect to the one-for 100 share reverse stock split that we effectuated on November 3, 2022, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 

Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Equity Incentive Incentive Plan Plan Awards: Awards: Market or Number Payout Equity of Value Incentive Market Unearned of Plan Number of Value of Shares, Unearned Awards: Shares or Shares Units or Shares, Number of Number of Number of Units of or Other Units or Securities Securities Securities Stock Units of Rights Other Underlying Underlying Underlying That Have Stock That That Rights Unexercised Unexercised Unexercised Option Exercise Option Not Have Have That Have Options(#) Options(#) Unearned Price Expiration Vested Not Not Not Name Exercisable Unexercisable Options (#) ) Date (#) Vested Vested Vested John Hil Davis 21,440 18,909 2,531 421.88 May-23 Laura Dowling 4,640 3,968 672 408.94 May-23 Reid Yeoman 1,760 1,354 406 396.31 May-23 Employment Agreements In December 2020, we entered into an offer letter with Mr. Davis, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board. The offer letter provides for an annual base salary of 350,000 effective October 1, 2020, and for Mr. Davis to be appointed to our board effective November 30, 2020. Effective January 1, 2021, Mr. Davis is also eligible to receive an annual bonus with a target of 175 , and with a range from 0 to a maximum of 225 , of his base salary based upon achievement of Company and individual goals. He is 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 also eligible to participate in employee benefit plans that we offer to our other senior executives. In the event of a termination of his employment after June 30, 2021, Mr. Davis is eligible for severance benefits as may be approved by the Board. Mr. Davis is subject to our recoupment, insider trading and other company policies, a perpetual non-disclosure of confidential information covenant, a non-disparagement covenant and a non-solicitation of employees covenant. Mr. Davis offer letter also provided for an option grant exercisable for up to 2,144,000 shares of our common stock to him at a per share exercise price equal to the IPO price, of which 75 of the options vested on the effective date of the IPO and 25 of the options vest in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Company s 2020 Stock Plan. Mr. Davis is an at- will employee and does not have a fixed employment term. In December 2020, we entered into an offer letter with Ms. Dowling, our Chief Marketing Officer. The offer letter provides for an annual base salary of 300,000 effective upon the closing of the IPO. Effective January 1, 2021, Ms. Dowling is also eligible to receive an annual bonus with a target of 100 , and with a range from 0 to a maximum of 125 , of her base salary based upon achievement of Company and individual goals. She is also eligible to participate in employee benefit plans that we offer to our other senior executives. In the event of a termination of her employment after June 30, 2021, Ms. Dowling is eligible for severance benefits as may be approved by the Board. Ms. Dowling is subject to our recoupment, insider trading and other company policies, a perpetual non-disclosure of confidential information covenant, a non- disparagement covenant and a non-solicitation of employees covenant. Ms. Dowling s offer letter also provided for an option grant exercisable for up to 288,000 shares of our common stock to her at a per share exercise price equal to the IPO price, of which 75 of the options vested on the effective date of the IPO and 25 of the options vest in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Company s 2020 Stock Plan. Ms. Dowling is an at-will employee and does not have a fixed employment term. In December 2020, we entered into an offer letter with Mr. Yeoman, our Chief Financial Officer. The offer letter provides for an annual base salary of 250,000 effective upon the closing of the IPO. Effective January 1, 2021, Mr. Yeoman is also eligible to receive an annual bonus with a target of 50 , and with a range from 0 to a maximum of 75 , of his base salary based upon achievement of Company and individual goals. He is also eligible to participate in employee benefit plans that we offer to our other senior executives. In the event of a termination of his employment after June 30, 2021, Mr. Yeoman is eligible for severance benefits as may be approved by the Board. Mr. Yeoman is subject to our recoupment, insider trading and other company policies, a perpetual non-disclosure of confidential information covenant, a non- disparagement covenant and a non-solicitation of employees covenant. Mr. Yeoman s offer letter also provided for an option grant 128,000 shares of our common stock to him at a per share exercise price equal to the IPO price, of which 75 of the options vested on the effective date of the IPO and 25 of the options vest in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Company s 2020 Stock Plan. Mr. Yeoman is an at-will employee and does not have a fixed employment term. Compensation of Directors No obligations with respect to compensation for non-employee directors have been accrued or paid for any periods presented. Going forward, our board of directors believes that attracting and retaining qualified non-employee directors will be critical to the future value growth and governance of our company. Our board of directors also believes that any compensation package for our non-employee directors should be equity-based to align the interest of these directors with our stockholders. On the effective date of the previous offerings, each of our director nominees were granted options to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock at a per share exercise price equal to the price of the shares of common stock per the offering. The options will vest over a one year period of time. We may in the future grant additional options to our non-employee directors although there are no current plans to do so. We do not currently intend to provide any cash compensation to our non- employee directors. Directors who are also our employees will not receive any additional compensation for their service on our board of directors. 2020 Incentive Stock Plan We have adopted a 2020 Omnibus Incentive Stock Plan (the 2020 Plan ). An aggregate of 33,000 shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance and available for awards under the 2020 Plan, including incentive stock options granted under the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan administrator may grant awards to any employee, director, and consultants of the company and its subsidiaries. To date, 27,320 grants (as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split) have been made under the 2020 Plan and 5,680 shares remain eligible for issuance under the Plan. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 The 2020 Plan is currently administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board as the Plan administrator. The 2020 Plan administrator has the authority to determine, within the limits of the express provisions of the 2020 Plan, the individuals to whom awards will be granted, the nature, amount and terms of such awards and the objectives and conditions for earning such awards. The Board may at any time amend or terminate the 2020 Plan, provided that no such action may be taken that adversely affects any rights or obligations with respect to any awards previously made under the 2020 Plan without the consent of the recipient. No awards may be made under the 2020 Plan after the tenth anniversary of its effective date. Awards under the 2020 Plan may include incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted shares of common stock, restricted stock Units, performance share or Unit awards, other stock-based awards and cash-based incentive awards. Stock Options The 2020 Plan administrator may grant to a participant options to purchase our common stock that qualify as incentive stock options for purposes of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code incentive stock options ), options that do not qualify as incentive stock options non-qualified stock options or a combination thereof. The terms and conditions of stock option grants, including the quantity, price, vesting periods, and other conditions on exercise will be determined by the 2020 Plan administrator. The exercise price for stock options will be determined by the 2020 Plan administrator in its discretion, but non-qualified stock options and incentive stock options may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of one share of our company s common stock on the date when the stock option is granted. Additionally, in the case of incentive stock options granted to a holder of more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock on the date of grant, the exercise price may not be less than 110 of the fair market value of one share of common stock on the date the stock option is granted. Stock options must be exercised within a period fixed by the 2020 Plan administrator that may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, except that in the case of incentive stock options granted to a holder of more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock on the date of grant, the exercise period may not exceed five years. At the 2020 Plan administrator s discretion, payment for shares of common stock on the exercise of stock options may be made in cash, shares of our common stock held by the participant or in any other form of consideration acceptable to the 2020 Plan administrator (including one or more forms of cashless or net exercise). Stock Appreciation Rights The 2020 Plan administrator may grant to a participant an award of SARs, which entitles the participant to receive, upon its exercise, a payment equal to (i) the excess of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the exercise date over the SAR exercise price, times (ii) the number of shares of common stock with respect to which the SAR is exercised. The exercise price for a SAR will be determined by the 2020 Plan administrator in its discretion; provided, however, that in no event shall the exercise price be less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Restricted Shares and Restricted Units The 2020 Plan administrator may award to a participant shares of common stock subject to specified restrictions restricted shares ). Restricted shares are subject to forfeiture if the participant does not meet certain conditions such as continued employment over a specified forfeiture period and/or the attainment of specified performance targets over the forfeiture period. The 2020 Plan administrator also may award to a participant Units representing the right to receive shares of common stock in the future subject to the achievement of one or more goals relating to the completion of service by the participant and/or the achievement of performance or other objectives restricted Units ). The terms and conditions of restricted share and restricted Unit awards are determined by the 2020 Plan administrator. Performance Awards The 2020 Plan administrator may grant performance awards to participants under such terms and conditions as the 2020 Plan administrator deems appropriate. A performance award entitles a participant to receive a payment from us, the amount of which is based upon the attainment of predetermined performance targets over a specified award period. Performance awards may be paid in cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof, as determined by the 2020 Plan administrator. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Other Stock-Based Awards The 2020 Plan administrator may grant equity-based or equity-related awards, referred to as other stock- based awards, other than options, SARs, restricted shares, restricted Units, or performance awards. The terms and conditions of each other stock-based award will be determined by the 2020 Plan administrator. Payment under any other stock-based awards will be made in common stock or cash, as determined by the 2020 Plan administrator. Cash-Based Awards The 2020 Plan administrator may grant cash-based incentive compensation awards, which would include performance-based annual cash incentive compensation to be paid to covered employees. The terms and conditions of each cash-based award will be determined by the 2020 Plan administrator. 2013 Stock Plan Eligibility and Administration Our employees, outside directors and consultants are eligible to receive nonstatutory options or the direct award or sale of shares under our 2013 Stock Plan, while only our employees are eligible to receive grants of ISOs under our 2013 Stock Plan. A person who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of our outstanding stock, of the outstanding common stock of our parent or subsidiary, is not eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the exercise prices is at least 110 of the fair market value of a share on the grant date and such ISO is not exercisable after five years from the grant date. The 2013 Stock Plan may be administered by a committee of the board of directors, and if no committee is appointed, then the board of directors. The board of directors has the authority to make all determinations and interpretations under, prescribe all forms for use with, and adopt rules for the administration of, the 2013 Stock Plan, subject to its express terms and conditions. Shares Available and Termination In the event that shares previously issued under the 2013 Stock Plan are reacquired, such shares will be added to the available shares for issuance under the 2013 Stock Plan. In the event that shares that would have otherwise been issuable under the 2013 Stock Plan were withheld in payment of the purchase price, exercise price, or withholding taxes, such shares will remain available for issuance under the 2013 Stock Plan. In the event that an outstand option or other right is cancelled or expired, the shares allocable to the unexcised portion of the option or other right will be added to the number of shares available under the 2013 Stock Plan. The 2013 Stock Plan will terminate automatically 10 years after the later of (i) the date when the board of directors adopted the 2013 Stock Plan or (ii) the date when the board of directors approved the most recent increase in the number of shares reserved under the 2013 Stock Plan that was also approved by our stockholders. Awards The 2013 Stock Plan provides for the grant of shares of common stock and options, including ISO intended to qualify under Code Section 422 and nonstatutory options which are not intended to qualify. All awards under the 2013 Stock plan will be det forth in award agreements, which will detail the terms and conditions of the awards, including any applicable vesting and payment terms and post-termination exercise limitations. As of December 31, 2021, there were options to purchase up to 38,951 shares of our common stock at exercise prices between 94 and 415 expiring between June 2024 and May 2031. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The table below sets forth information regarding the projected beneficial ownership of our common stock immediately after the closing of this offering by the following individuals or groups: 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 each person or entity who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding stock; each of our executive officers; each of our directors and director nominees; and all of our directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities in question. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock held by them. Shares of common stock issuable pursuant to a stock option, warrant or convertible note that is currently exercisable or convertible, or is exercisable or convertible within 60 days after the date of determination of ownership, are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the holder of the stock option, warrant or convertible note but are not treated as outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The applicable percentage ownership Before the Offering in the following table is based on 5,746,079 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 17, 2023. After giving effect to the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants and excludes as of such date: Shares of common stock underlying the Warrants (other than any Pre-Funded Warrants); Shares of common stock underlying other outstanding warrants, which include, without limitation, (i) warrants to acquire up to 781,958 shares of our common stock at exercise prices between 4.26 and 766 expiring between October 2021 and October 2030, (ii) Class B Warrants to acquire up to 1,818,181 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 5.25 expiring December 2027, and (iii) Class C Warrants, to acquire up to 1,818,181 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 5.25 expiring January 2024. Outstanding stock options to acquire up to 38,951 shares of our common stock at exercise prices between 94 and 415 expiring between June 2024 and May 2031; Up to 677,419 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock; Up to 58,300 shares of common stock issuable further to a 17.5 million equity line of credit; and 5,680 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 The applicable percentage ownership After the Offering in the following table assumes the exercise of the Warrants and sale of all shares available for sale under this prospectus and no further acquisitions of shares by the selling stockholders. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each officer, director and director nominee in the following table is c/o Digital Brands Group, Inc., 1400 Lavaca Street, Austin, TX 78701. 

Number of Number of Shares Percentage of Shares Percentage of Beneficially Shares Beneficially Shares Owned Outstanding Owned Outstanding Before Before After After Name of Beneficial Owner Offering Offering Offering Offering Executive Officers and Directors John Hil Davis(1) 17,136 17,136 Laura Dowling(2) 3,347 3,347 Reid Yeoman(3) 1,140 1,140 Mark Lynn(4) 5,074 5,074 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Trevor Pettennude(5) 3,286 3,286 Jameeka Aaron(6) 150 150 Huong Lucy Doan(7) 200 200 All executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group (7 persons) (8) 30,333 30,333 

 Less than one percent. (1) Represents options exercisable at 40 per share. (2) Represents options to acquire up to 3,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 40 per share and options to acquire up to 347 shares of common stock, exercisable at 328 per share. (3) Represents options to acquire up to 960 shares of common stock, exercisable at 4.00 per share and options to acquire up to 180 shares of common stock, exercisable at 328 per share. (4) Includes options to acquire up to 3,210 shares of common stock exercisable between 156 and 328 per share. (5) Includes options to acquire up to 749 shares of common stock exercisable between 156 and 328 per share. (6) Represents options exercisable at 40 per share. (7) Represents options exercisable at 356 per share. (8) Includes options to acquire up to 24,526 shares of common stock exercisable between 156 and 400. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE On the effective date of the IPO, we granted stock options to acquire up to an aggregate of 267,200 shares to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Financial Officer at a per share exercise price equal to the initial public offering price of the shares. DBG uses Banctek Solutions, a registered independent sales organization (ISO) of FirstData as its back- end payment processor. Trevor Pettennude is majority owner of Banctek Solutions. We started to use Banctek Solutions services prior to Mr. Pettennude s involvements with DBG. Total expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 0 and 14,000, respectively, and included in sales and marketing in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to related parties includes advances from the former officer, Mark Lynn, who also serves as a director, totaling 104,568 and 104,568 respectively, and accrued salary and expense reimbursements of 100,649 and 126,706, respectively, to current officers. Upon closing of the IPO, 25,080 shares of common stock were issued to directors as conversion of balances owed. In October 2022, the Company received advances from Trevor Pettennude totaling 325,000. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022, the amounts were outstanding. The current CEO, Hil Davis, previously advanced funds to the Company for working capital. These prior advances were converted to a note payable totaling 115,000. Upon closing of the IPO, 127,278 shares of common stock were issued to the CEO as conversion of the outstanding note payable and related accrued interest, accrued compensation and other consideration. As of a result of the transaction, the Company recorded an additional 233,184 in stock compensation expense, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. A portion of the net proceeds of the IPO were used to pay salary and expenses to Laura Dowling, our Chief Marketing Officer, and Mark Lynn, a director. In addition, each of Mark Lynn, John Hil Davis, and Trevor Pettennude converted certain amounts owed to them into shares of common stock at the effective date of the IPO at a 30 discount to the IPO price as part of the debt conversion. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, H J had an outstanding note payable of 129,1489 and 299,489, respectively, owned by the H J Seller. The note matured in July 2022 and bears interest at 12 per annum. The parties are currently discussing extension options. At the time of the Stateside acquisition, Moise Emquies was a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Stateside acquisition was unanimously approved by all of the members of the Company s Board of Directors (other than Moise Emquies who recused himself). We have been involved in a dispute with the former owners of H J regarding our obligation to true up their ownership interest in our company further to that membership interest purchase agreement dated May 10, 2021 whereby we acquired all of the outstanding membership interests of H J (as amended. the H J Purchase Agreement ). Further to the H J Purchase Agreement, we agreed that if, at May 18, 2022, the one year anniversary of the closing date of our initial public offering, the product of the number of shares of our common stock issued at the closing of such acquisition multiplied by the average closing price per share of our shares of common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM for the thirty (30) day trading period immediately preceding such date plus the gross proceeds, if any, of shares of our stock issued to such sellers and sold by them during the one year period from the closing date of the offering does not exceed the sum of 9.1 million, less the value of any shares of common stock cancelled further to any indemnification claims or post-closing adjustments under the H J Purchase Agreement, then we shall issue to the subject sellers an additional aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to any such valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of our common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM. We did not honor our obligation to issue such shares and the former owner of H J have claimed that they were damaged as a result. As part of a proposed settlement with such holders, we have tentatively agreed to the following: (i) to transfer all membership interests of H J back to the original owners, (ii) to pay such owners the sum of 229,000, (iii) issue the former owners of H J an aggregate of 1,400,000 worth of our common stock to be issued on May 16, 2023 based on the lower of (a) the stock closing price per share on May 15, 2023, and (b) the average common stock closing price based on the average of the 5 trading days preceding May 16, 2023, with the closing price on May 9, 2023. Such tentative terms are to be memorialized in definitive purchase agreements and as such there is no assurance that such arrangements will be finalized. As of the issuance date of these financial statements, the above terms and continued negotiations have been verbally approved by the Board. Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions Our board of directors intends to adopt a written related person policy to set forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related person transactions. This policy will cover any transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships in which we are to be a participant, the amount involved exceeds 100,000 and a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, including purchases of goods or services by or from the related person or entities in which the related person has a material interest, indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness and employment by us of a related person. Director Independence Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our board of directors has determined that Trevor Pettennude, Jameeka Aaron, and Huong Lucy Doan, do not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. In making these determinations, our board of directors considered the current and prior relationships that each non- employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The following table provides information regarding the fees billed to us by dbb mckennon , in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All fees described below were approved by the Board: 

For the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 252,000 264,980 Audit related fees 90,810 62,418 Tax fees All other fees (2) 18,488 85,703 Total fees 361,298 413,101 

 (1) Audit fees includes fees associated with the annual audits of our financial statements, quarterly reviews of our financial statements, and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Includes audit fees paid for pre-acquisition audits of the Company s subsidiaries and other targets. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee is responsible for approving or pre-approving all auditing services (including comfort letters and statutory audits) and all permitted non-audit services by the independent auditor and pre-approve the related fees. Pursuant to its charter, the audit committee delegated to each of its members, acting singly, the authority to pre-approve any audit services if the need for consideration of a pre-approval request arises between regularly scheduled meetings, with such approval presented to the audit committee at its next scheduled meeting or as soon as practicable thereafter. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (1) Financial Statements For a list of the financial information included herein, see Index to the Financial Statements on page F-1. (2) Financial Statement Schedules Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material or because the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. (3) Exhibits The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Exhibits 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated October 14, 2020 among D. Jones Tailored Collection, LTD and Digital Brands Group (formerly known as Denim.LA, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 2.2 First Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 2020 among D. Jones Tailored Collection, LTD and Digital Brands Group (formerly known as Denim.LA, Inc) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger with Bailey 44, LLC dated February 12, 2020 among Bailey 44, LLC, Norwest Venture Partners XI, and Norwest Venture Partners XII, LP and Digital Brands Group (formerly known as Denim.LA, Inc) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 2.4 Second Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement Dated May 10, 2021 among D. Jones Tailored Collection, LTD and Digital Brands Group (formerly known as Denim. LA, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 2.5 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated August 30, 2021, by and between Moise Emquies and Digital Brands Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 2.6 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and among Moise Emquies, George Levy, Matthieu Leblan and Carol Ann Emquies, Sunnyside, LLC, and George Levy as the Sellers representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2022). 2.7 Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated June 17, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Moise Emquies, George Levy, Matthieu Leblan and Carol Ann Emquies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2022). 2.8 Second Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Moise Emquies, George Levy, Matthieu Leblan and Carol Ann Emquies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022). 3.1 Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 3.2 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, dated August 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2022). 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, dated September 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2022). 3.4 Certificate of Correction of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, dated October 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2022). 3.5 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Digital Brands Group, Inc. dated October 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022). 3.6 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Digital Brands Group, Inc. dated October 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 3.7 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 3.8 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Digital Brands Group, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 3.9 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Digital Brands Group, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2022). 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 4.2 Warrant Agency Agreement, including Form of Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 18, 2021). 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 4.3 Representative s Warrant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 18, 2021). 4.4 Form of Lender s Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 4.5 Form of Promissory Note, dated July 22, 2022, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor each Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022). 4.6 Form of Warrant, dated July 22, 2022, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor each Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022). 4.7 Form of Promissory Note, dated July 28, 2022, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor the New Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2022). 4.8 Form of Warrant, dated July 28, 2022, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor the New Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2022). 4.9 Form of Promissory Notes issued to each of the Sellers, Jenny Murphy and Elodie Crichi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022). 4.10 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 30, 2021, by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Moise Emquies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 4.11 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 27, 2021, by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Oasis Capital, LLC (Note) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 4.12 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 27, 2021, by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Oasis Capital, LLC (ELOC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 4.13 Joinder and Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc., Oasis Capital, LLC and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2021). 4.14 Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc., Oasis Capital, LLC and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.15 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 8, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and certain Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 4.16 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 22, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and certain Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022). 4.17 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 29, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2022). 4.18 Underwriter s Warrants issued to Alexander Capital L.P. on May 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022) 4.19 Underwriter s Warrants issued to Revere Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022) 4.20 Form of Class B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.27 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2022 (File no. 333-268213)). 4.21 Form of Class C Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.28 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2022 (File no. 333-268213)). 4.22 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.29 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2022 (File no. 333-268213)). 4.23 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.30 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2022 (File no. 333-268213)). 4.24 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 29, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023). 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 4.25 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 30, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Moise Emquies, George Levy, Matthieu Leblan and Carol Ann Emquies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023). 4.26 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2023). 4.27 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2023). 4.28 Form of Placement Agent Warrant(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2023). 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.2# Form of Option Agreement with each of John Hil Davis, Laura Dowling and Reid Yeoman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.3# Form of Board of Directors Agreement, entered into by each of the Director Nominees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.4# Consulting Agreement dated as of April 8, 2021 between Alchemy Advisory LLC and Digital Brands Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.5# 2013 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.6 Promissory Note, dated April 10, 2020, between Digital Brands Group (formally known as Denim.LA, Inc.) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.7 Loan dated June 25, 2020, between Digital Brands Group and The Small Business Administration, an Agency of the U.S. Government (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.8 Promissory Note, dated April 5, 2020, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bailey 44, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.9 Lease Agreement between 3926 Magazine Street Properties, LLC and Harper Jones LLC, dated June 22, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.10 Lease Agreement between Crosby 2100, LTD. and Harper Jones LLC, dated April 4, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.11 Amendment to Lease Agreement between Crosby 2100, LTD. and Harper Jones LLC, dated December 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.12 Lease Agreement between Pasha Sina, Inc. and Harper Jones LLC, dated February 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.13 Lease Agreement between 850-860 South Los Angeles Street LLC and Bailey 44, LLC, dated April 27, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.14 Lease Agreement between 850-860 South Los Angeles Street LLC and Bailey 44, LLC, dated April 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.15 Lease Agreement among 45th Street, LLC, Sister Sam, LLC and Bailey 44, LLC dated January 17, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.16 Amendment to Lease Agreement among 45th Street, LLC, Sister Sam, LLC and Bailey 44, LLC dated February 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.17 Secured Promissory Note to Norwest Venture Partners XI, LP and Norwest Venture Partners XII, LP of Bailey 44, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.18 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 27, 2021, by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Oasis Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.19 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated August 27, 2021, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor of Oasis Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.20 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated August 27, 2021, by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Oasis Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.21 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc., Oasis Capital, LLC and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.22 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated October 1, 2021, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor of FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.23 Security Agreement, dated August 27, 2021, by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Oasis Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.24 Joinder and Amendment to Security Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc., Oasis Capital, LLC and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.25 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc., Oasis Capital, LLC and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.26 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated November 16, 2021, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor of FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.27 Waiver by FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC, dated November 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.28 Waiver by Oasis Capital, LLC, dated November 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-261865), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 10.29 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 8, 2022, by among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 10.30 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2022, by among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 10.31 Form of Warrant, dated April 8, 2022, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor of the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 10.32+ Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Future Receipts, dated March 21, 2022, between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Advantage Platform Services Inc. d/b/a Advantage Capital Funding (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333- 264347), filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.33+ Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Future Receipts, dated March 29, 2022, between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and Advantage Platform Services Inc. d/b/a Advantage Capital Funding (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333- 264347), filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 10.34 First Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 28, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and certain Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2022). 10.35 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 29, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the investor thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2022). 10.36 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2022 (File no. 333-268213)). 10.37 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 29, 2022, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023). 10.38 Form of Promissory Note, dated December 29, 2022, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor each Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023). 10.39 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2023, by and among the Company and the purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2023). 10.40 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2023, by and among the Company and the purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2023). 10.41 Form of Warrant, dated December 29, 2022, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor each Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023). 10.42 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2023, by and among Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023). 10.43 Form of Promissory Note, dated April 7, 2023, by Digital Brands Group, Inc. in favor each Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023). 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of Digital Brands Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-269463), filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023). 23.1 Consent of dbbmckennon for Digital Brands Group, Inc. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. By: /s/ John Hilburn Davis IV April 17, 2023 Name: John Hilburn Davis IV Title: Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Name Position Date /s/ John Hilburn Davis IV Director, President and Chief Executive Officer April 17, 2023 John Hilburn Davis IV (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Reid Yeoman Chief Financial Officer April 17, 2023 Reid Yeoman (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Mark T. Lynn Director April 17, 2023 Mark T. Lynn /s/ Trevor Pettennude Director April 17, 2023 Trevor Pettennude /s/ Jameeka Aaron Green Director April 17, 2023 Jameeka Aaron Green /s/ Huong Lucy Doan Director April 17, 2023 Huong Lucy Doan 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB IS: 3501) F-2 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS F-3 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS F-4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT F-5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders Digital Brands Group, Inc. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Digital Brands Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Emphasis of Matter Correction of Error As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company corrected the classification of certain costs and expenses, and accordingly, restated amounts included in the 2021 consolidated statement of operations to conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s net losses from inception, negative cash flow from operations, and lack of liquidity raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ (Firm No. April 17, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Due from factor, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Deferred offering costs Property, equipment and software, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deposits Right of use asset, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred revenue Due to related parties Contingent consideration liability Convertible note payable, net Accrued interest payable Note payable - related party Venture debt, net of discount Loan payable, current Promissory note payable Right of use liability, current portion Total current liabilities Convertible note payable, net Loan payable Derivative liability Warrant liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders deficit: Undesignated preferred stock, par, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 Series A preferred stock, par, share authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 Series A convertible preferred stock, par, shares designated, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, none authorized or outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Common stock, par, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 As Restated Net revenues Cost of net revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: General and administrative Sales and marketing Distribution Impairment Change in fair value of contingent consideration Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) Other non-operating income (expenses) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Income tax benefit (provision) Net loss ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Net loss per common share - basic and diluted See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Series Seed Series A Series A-2 Series A-3 Series CF Series B Series A Convertible Additional Total Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Conversion of preferred stock into common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in public offering Offering costs ) ) Exercise of over-allotment option, net of offering costs Conversion of debt into common stock Conversion of related party notes and payables into common stock Common stock issued in connection with business combination Exercise of warrants Common stock issued pursuant to consulting agreement Issuance of common stock pursuant to equity line of credit Common stock and warrants issued in connection with notes Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 - - ) ) Issuance of common stock in public offering Issuance of common stock and exercise of pre-funded warrants in public offering Offering costs ) ) Common stock issued in connection with business combination Common stock issued pursuant to consulting agreement Warrant and common shares issued with notes Conversion of notes and derivative liability into common stock Conversion of venture debt into Series A convertible preferred stock Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of loan discount and fees Stock-based compensation Fees incurred in connection with debt financings Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Change in fair value of derivative liability ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Forgiveness of Payroll Protection Program ) ) Change in credit reserve ) Deferred offering costs Deferred income tax benefit ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Due from factor, net ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred revenue ) Due to related parties ) Accrued interest Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash acquired (consideration) pursuant to business combination ) ) Purchase of property, equipment and software ) ) Deposits ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of related party notes ) Advances (repayments) from factor ) ) Repayment of contingent consideration ) Proceeds from venture debt Issuance of loans payable Repayments of convertible and promissory notes ) ) Issuance of convertible notes payable Proceeds from public offering Exercise of over-allotment option with public offering, net Exercise of warrants Offering costs ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Conversion of notes, warrants and derivatives into common stock Right of use asset Warrant and common shares issued with notes Derivative liability in connection with convertible note Conversion of venture debt into preferred stock Conversion of related party notes and payables into preferred and common stock Conversion of preferred stock into common stock Conversion of contingent consideration into common stock Common shares issued pursuant to equity line of credit See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS of the issued and outstanding equity of Harper Jones, LLC. On the acquisition date, H J became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. See Note 4. On August 30, 2021, the Company closed its acquisition of Mosbest, LLC dba Stateside Stateside pursuant to its Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with Moise Emquies to purchase of the issued and outstanding equity of Stateside. On the acquisition date, Stateside became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. See Note 4. On December 30, 2022, the Company closed its previously announced acquisition of Sunnyside, LLC dba Sundry Sundry pursuant to its Second Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with Moise Emquies to purchase of the issued and outstanding equity of Sundry. On the acquisition date, Sundry became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. See Note 4. Reverse Stock Split On May 12, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a one -for-15.625 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock and a proportional adjustment to the existing conversion ratios for each series of the Company s preferred stock (see Note 8). Accordingly, all share and per share amounts for all periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively, where applicable, to reflect this reverse stock split and adjustment of the preferred stock conversion ratios. On October 21, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a one -for-100 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock and a proportional adjustment to the existing conversion ratios for each series of the Company s preferred stock. The reverse stock split became effective as of November 3, 2022. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts for all periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively, where applicable, to reflect this reverse stock split and adjustment of the preferred stock conversion ratios. Initial Public Offering On May 13, 2021, the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 relating to its initial public offering of its common stock (the IPO was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Further to the IPO, which closed on May 18, 2021, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share. Additionally, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares, which includes warrants sold upon the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The aggregate net proceeds to the Company from the IPO, were million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and direct offering expenses of million. Concurrent with this offering, the Company acquired H J (see Note 4). The Company incurred an additional million in offering costs related to the IPO that were not paid directly out of the proceeds from the offering. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and has incurred negative cash flows from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has historically lacked liquidity to satisfy obligations as they come due and as of December 31, 2022, and the Company had a working capital deficit of . These factors, among others, arise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company expects to continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments as a result of this uncertainty. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months from the date the financial statements were available to be issued is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, which it has not been able to accomplish to date, and/or to obtain additional capital financing. Through the date the financial statements were available to be issued, the Company has been primarily financed through the issuance of capital stock and debt. In the event that the Company cannot generate sufficient revenue to sustain its operations, the Company will need to reduce expenses or obtain financing through the sale of debt and/or equity securities. The issuance of additional equity would result in dilution to existing shareholders. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funds when they are needed or if such funds cannot be obtained on terms acceptable to the Company, the Company would be unable to execute upon the business plan or pay costs and expenses as they are incurred, which would have a material, adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. in general and administrative expenses per previously reported financial statements to cost of net revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The reclassified costs from general and administrative expense to cost of net revenues made in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021 are fixed in nature as they are personnel and warehouse related costs. The impact of the reclassification was approximately for each of the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. The impact of the reclassification was approximately for each of the quarters ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 . Derivative liability Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 Using: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities: Warrant liability Contingent consideration Derivative liability 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 Warrant Liability Certain of the Company s common stock warrants are carried at fair value. As of December 31, 2020, the fair value of the Company s common stock warrant liabilities was measured under the Level 3 hierarchy using the Black-Scholes pricing model as the Company s underlying common stock had no observable market price (see Note 10). The warrant liability was valued using a market approach. Upon the IPO, the warrant liabilities were valued using quoted prices of identical assets in active markets, and was reclassified under the Level 2 hierarchy. Changes in common stock warrant liability during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Change in fair value Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Change in fair value ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Contingent Consideration The Company records a contingent consideration liability relating to stock price guarantees included in its acquisition and consulting agreements. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration is recorded using significant unobservable measures and other fair value inputs and is therefore classified as a Level 3 financial instrument. The Company estimates and records the acquisition date fair value of contingent consideration as part of purchase price consideration for acquisitions. Additionally, each reporting period, the Company estimates changes in the fair value of contingent consideration and recognizes any change in fair in the consolidated statement of operations. The estimate of the fair value of contingent consideration requires very subjective assumptions to be made of future operating results, discount rates and probabilities assigned to various potential operating result scenarios. Future revisions to these assumptions could materially change the estimate of the fair value of contingent consideration and, therefore, materially affect the Company s future financial results. The contingent consideration liability is to be settled with the issuance of shares of common stock once contingent provisions set forth in respective acquisition agreements have been achieved. Upon achievement of contingent provisions, respective liabilities are relieved and offset by increases to common stock and additional paid-in capital in the stockholders equity section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability related to the Company s business combinations is valued using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The Monte Carlo simulation inputs include the stock price, volatility of common stock, timing of settlement and resale restrictions and limits. The fair value of the contingent consideration is then calculated based on guaranteed equity values at settlement as defined in the acquisition agreements. Changes in contingent consideration liability during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Initial recognition in connection with acquisition of Harper Jones Stock price guarantee per consulting agreement Conversion into shares ) Change in fair value Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Repayments to Harper Jones seller ) Change in fair value Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company utilized the following inputs for the fair value of the contingent consideration: volatilities of and , risk-free rate of , expected share increase of per annum, and the guaranteed stock price of for Bailey and for Harper Jones. The detail of contingent consideration by company is as follows: Harper Jones The contingent consideration liabilities were revalued for a final time as of May 18, 2022, the anniversary date of the Company s initial public offering. As of the date of the issuance of these financial statements, the contingent consideration liabilities were not yet settled with shares. In December 2022, the Company paid to the H J Seller to partially reduce the contingent consideration balance owed. The Company and the H J Seller are in the process of amending the May 2021 purchase agreement to determine the ultimate settlement of the Company s common stock to the H J Seller by May 16, 2023. Refer to Note 12. Derivative Liability In connection with the Company s convertible notes, the Company recorded a derivative liability (see Note 7). The estimated fair value of the derivative liability is recorded using significant unobservable measures and other fair value inputs and is therefore classified as a Level 3 financial instrument. The fair value of the derivative liability is valued using a multinomial lattice model. The multinomial lattice inputs include the underlying stock price, volatility of common stock and remaining term of the convertible note. Changes in derivative liability during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Change in fair value ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Initial fair value on issuance of convertible note Conversion of underlying notes into common stock ) Change in fair value ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company utilized the following inputs for the fair value of the derivative liability: volatility of - , risk-free rate of - , and remaining term ranging from years - years. The change in fair value of the derivative liability is included in other non-operating income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Work in process Finished goods Inventory year lives, property and equipment with three to ten year lives, and leasehold improvements which are depreciated over the shorter of the lease life or expected life. Depreciation and amortization charges on property, equipment, and software are included in general and administrative expenses and amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 in the consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022, management determined that certain events and circumstances occurred that indicated that the carrying value of the Company s brand name assets, and the carrying amount of the reporting units, pertaining to Bailey44 and Harper Jones may not be recoverable. The qualitative assessment was primarily due to reduced or stagnant revenues of both entities as compared to the Company s initial projections at the time of each respective acquisition, as well as the entities liabilities in excess of assets. As such, the Company compared the estimated fair value of the brand names with its carrying value and recorded an impairment loss of in the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, the Company compared the fair value of the reporting units to the carrying amounts and recorded an impairment loss of pertaining to goodwill in the consolidated statements of operations. The following is a summary of goodwill and intangible impairment recorded pertaining to each entity: Harper Jones brand name Total impairment of intangibles Bailey goodwill Harper Jones goodwill Total impairment of goodwill Total impairment In determining the fair value of the respective reporting units, management estimated the price that would be received to sell the reporting unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. This includes reviewing market comparables such as revenue multipliers and assigning certain assets and liabilities to the reporting units, such as the respective working capital deficits of each entity and debt obligations that would need to be assumed by a market participant buyer in an orderly transaction. The Company calculated the carrying amounts of each reporting unit by utilizing the entities assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022, including the carrying value of the identifiable intangible assets and goodwill assigned to the respective reporting units. Refer to Note 12 for the related developments with H J. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total shipping and handling costs included in distribution costs were approximately and , respectively. and , respectively. The amounts are included in sales and marketing expense. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 in deferred offering costs. Upon completion of the IPO in May 2021, all capitalized deferred offering costs were charged to additional paid-in capital. As of December 31, 2021, the Company capitalized in deferred offering costs pertaining to its equity line of credit agreement with Oasis (Note 8). In 2022, the Company wrote off these costs to general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations as the equity line of credit financing never occurred. Series A convertible preferred stock Common stock warrants Stock options Total potentially dilutive shares The potentially dilutive shares pertaining to the Company s outstanding convertible notes were calculated based on the assumed conversion abilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The ultimate number of shares for which the notes can convert into is indeterminable. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 and vendors that made up and , respectively, of all inventory purchases during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The loss of one of these vendors, may have a negative short-term impact on the Company s operations; however, we believe there are acceptable substitute vendors that can be utilized longer-term. or less. million in cash, (ii) million in promissory notes of the Company (the Sundry Notes ), and (iii) a number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to million (the Sundry Shares ), calculated in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, which consideration was paid or delivered to the Sellers, Jenny Murphy and Elodie Crichi. Each Sundry Note bears 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 percent (8 per annum and matured on February 15, 2023 (see Note 7). The Company issued shares of common stock to the Sundry Sellers on December 30, 2022 at a fair value of . The Company evaluated the acquisition of Sundry pursuant to ASC 805 and ASU 2017-01, Topic 805, Business Combinations. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination be measured at their estimated respective fair values as of the closing date of the acquisition. Goodwill recognized in connection with this transaction represents primarily the potential economic benefits that the Company believes may arise from the acquisition. Total fair value of the purchase price consideration was determined as follows: Promissory notes payable Common stock Purchase price consideration The Company has made an allocation of the purchase price in regard to the acquisition related to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the purchase date. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation: Accounts receivable, net Due from factor, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, equipment and software, net Goodwill Intangible assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Purchase price consideration The customer relationships and will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of . The brand name is indefinite-lived. The Company used the relief of royalty and income approach to estimate the fair value of intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the go-to-market synergies that are expected to arise as a result of the acquisition and other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The results of Sundry have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. Previous Acquisitions Bailey 44 On February 12, 2020, the Company acquired of the membership interests of Bailey. The purchase price consideration included (i) an aggregate of shares of Series B Preferred Stock of the Company (the Parent Stock and (ii) a promissory note in the principal amount of . The total purchase price consideration was . 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 less the value of any Holdback Shares cancelled further to the indemnification provisions of the Merger Agreement, then the Company shall issue to the Holders pro rata an additional aggregate number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to the valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of the common stock of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a contingent consideration liability of and , respectively, based on the valuation shortfall as noted above. See Note 3. Harper Jones On May 18, 2021, the Company closed its acquisition of H J pursuant to its previously disclosed Membership Interest Stock Purchase Agreement (as amended, the Purchase Agreement with D. Jones Tailored Collection, Ltd. (the Seller ), to purchase of the issued and outstanding equity of Harper Jones LLC. The purchase price consideration included (i) an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock and (ii) financed from the proceeds of the IPO. Pursuant to the H J Purchase Agreement, the Seller, as the holder of all of the outstanding membership interests of H J, exchanged all of such membership interests for a number of common stock of the Company equal to the lesser of (i) million at a per share price equal to the initial public offering price of the Company s shares offered pursuant to its initial public offering or (ii) the number of Subject Acquisition Shares; Subject Acquisition Shares means the percentage of the aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock issued pursuant to the Agreement, which is the percentage that Subject Seller Dollar Value is in relation to Total Dollar Value. Subject Seller Dollar Value means million. If, at the one year anniversary of the closing date of the Company s IPO, the product of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issued at the closing of the acquisition multiplied by the average closing price per share of the shares of the Company s common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM for the thirty ) day trading period immediately preceding such date does not exceed the sum of million less the value of any shares of the Company s common stock cancelled further to any indemnification claims made against the Seller then the Company shall issue to Seller an additional aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of the Company s common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM. The Company evaluated the acquisition of H J pursuant to ASC 805 and ASU 2017-01, Topic 805, Business Combinations. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination be measured at their estimated respective fair values as of the closing date of the acquisition. Goodwill recognized in connection with this transaction represents primarily the potential economic benefits that the Company believes may arise from the acquisition. Total fair value of the purchase price consideration was determined as follows: Common stock Contingent consideration Purchase price consideration 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 The Company has made an allocation of the purchase price in regard to the acquisition related to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the purchase date. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation: Accounts receivable, net Due from factor, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, equipment and software, net Goodwill Intangible assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Purchase price consideration The customer relationships and will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of . The brand name is indefinite-lived. The Company used the relief of royalty approach to estimate the fair value of intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the go-to-market synergies that are expected to arise as a result of the acquisition and other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company recorded an initial contingent consideration liability at a fair value of based on the valuation shortfall noted above. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the H J contingent consideration was valued at and , respectively. See Note 3. The results of H J have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. H J s 2021 net revenue and net loss included in the consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date were approximately and , respectively. Stateside On August 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the MIPA with Moise Emquies pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of MOSBEST, LLC, a California limited liability company Stateside and such transaction, the Stateside Acquisition ). Pursuant to the MIPA, Moise Emquies, as the holder of all of the outstanding membership interests of Stateside, exchanged all of such membership interests for million in cash and shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares ), which number of Shares was calculated in accordance with the terms of the MIPA. Of such amount, in cash and a number of Shares equal to , or shares (calculated in accordance with the terms of the MIPA), is held in escrow to secure any working capital adjustments and indemnification claims. The MIPA contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by Moise Emquies. The Company evaluated the acquisition of Stateside pursuant to ASC 805 and ASU 2017-01, Topic 805, Business Combinations. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination be measured at their estimated respective fair values as of the closing date of the acquisition. Goodwill recognized in connection with this transaction represents primarily the potential economic benefits that the Company believes may arise from the acquisition. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Common stock Purchase price consideration The Company has made an allocation of the purchase price in regard to the acquisition related to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the purchase date. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation: Accounts receivable, net Due from factor, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deposits Property, equipment and software, net Goodwill Intangible assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) The customer relationships and will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of . The brand name is indefinite-lived. The Company used the relief of royalty and income approach to estimate the fair value of intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the go-to-market synergies that are expected to arise as a result of the acquisition and other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Per the terms of the MIPA, a working capital adjustment of was recorded during the fourth quarter. Net amounts due to the seller are at December 31, 2021 (Note 7). The results of Stateside have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. Stateside s 2021 net revenue and net loss included in the consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date were approximately and , respectively. Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents the Company s financial results as if the Bailey, H J, Stateside and Sundry acquisitions had occurred as of January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of what the financial results actually would have been had the acquisitions been completed on this date. In addition, the unaudited pro forma financial information is not indicative of, nor does it purport to project, the Company s future financial results. The following unaudited pro forma financial information includes incremental property and equipment depreciation and intangible asset amortization as a result of the acquisitions. The unaudited pro forma information does not give effect to any estimated and potential cost savings or other operating efficiencies that could result from the acquisition: Net loss ) ) Net loss per common share ) ) 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 of eligible finished goods inventories based on the terms of one of our agreements that terminated in 2021. The factor charges a commission on the net sales factored for credit and collection services. For one factoring company, interest on advances is charged as of the last day of each month at a rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus for Bailey. For Stateside and Sundry, should total commission and fees payable be less than in a single year, then the factor shall charge the difference between the actual fees in said year and to the Company. Interest on advances is charged as of the last day of each month at a rate equal to the greater of either, (a) the Chase Prime Rate + ) or (b) ) per annum. For another factoring company, interest is charged at one-thirty- third (1/33) of one percent per day, such rate to increase or decrease in accordance with changes in the Prime Rate , which such prime rate to be deemed to be on the date of the agreement. Advances are collateralized by a security interest in substantially all of the companies assets. Due to/from factor consist of the following: With recourse Advances Credits due customers ) ) Business combinations Impairment Balances at December 31, 2021 Business combination Impairment ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 Refer to Note 3 for discussion on the goodwill impairment recorded in 2022. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Indefinite-lived: Brand name ) 

Gross Accumulated Carrying December 31, 2021 Amount Amortization Value Amortized: Customer relationships ) ) Indefinite-lived: Brand name ) Due to the effects of COVID-19 and revenue levels not recovering as quickly as anticipated and related uncertainty which affected Bailey s results and near-term demand for its products, the Company determined that there were indications for further impairment analysis in both 2022 and 2021. Due to Harper s revenue levels lower as compared to initial projects, the Company determined that there were indications for further impairment analysis in 2022. Refer to Note 3 for discussion on the intangible asset impairment recorded in 2022 and 2021. Management determined circumstances existed that indicated the carrying value may not be recoverable. The impairment analysis was based on the relief from royalty method using projected revenue estimates and discounts rates believed to be appropriate. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and market factors. The discount rate, revenue assumptions and terminal growth rate of our reporting unit were the material assumptions utilized in the model used to estimate the fair value of the Bailey unit. The analysis requires estimates, assumptions and judgments about future events. Our analysis uses our internally generated long-range plan. The long-range plan reflects management judgment, which includes observation of expected industry trends. The Company recorded amortization expense of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Future amortization expense at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 2024 2025 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 Reserve for returns Payroll related liabilities Sales tax liability Due to seller Other liabilities As of December 31, 2022, payroll liabilities included an aggregate of in payroll taxes due to remit to federal and state authorities. Of this amount, pertained to DBG and pertained to Bailey44. The amounts are subject to further penalties and interest. As of December 31, 2022, accrued expenses included in accrued common stock issuances pursuant to an advisory agreement for services performed in 2022. The shares of common stock owed per the agreement are expected to be issued in the second quarter of 2023. Due to seller represents amounts to the seller owed pursuant the Stateside Acquisition after certain purchase price adjustments were made in the fourth quarter of 2021, and repaid in 2022. Venture Debt As of December 31, 2021, the gross loan balance with Black Oak Capital Black Oak pertaining to its senior credit agreement was . In February 2022, the Company received in proceeds, including loan fees of , from the existing venture debt lender under the same terms as the existing facility. On September 29, 2022, the Company and Black Oak executed a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Black Oak SPA whereby the Company issued shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Black Oak for per share (see Note 7). The shares were issued pursuant to the conversion of Black Oak s entire principal amount of , and the Company recorded in interest as part of the conversion. Pursuant to the Black Oak SPA, all accrued interest remaining outstanding. Accrued interest was as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of loan fees and discounts from warrants were amortized to interest expense, leaving unamortized balance of as of December 31 2022. Interest expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Convertible Debt 2020 Regulation CF Offering During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company received gross proceeds of from a Regulation CF convertible debt offering. In 2021, the Company received additional gross proceeds of . Interest was per annum and the debt was due October 30, 2022. Upon closing of the IPO, the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest of was converted into shares of common stock based on the terms of the notes. Total issuances costs were , which was recognized as a debt discount and was amortized in 2021 through the date of IPO when such debt converted. During the year ended December 31, 2021, of the debt discount was amortized to interest expense. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively, from a Regulation D convertible debt offering. The debt accrued interest at a rate of per annum with a maturity date of from the date of issuance. In addition, the Company issued 5 warrants to purchase common stock in connection with the notes. The issuance costs and warrants are recognized as a debt discount and were amortized in 2021 through the date of IPO when such debt converted. The fair value of the warrants was determined to be negligible. Upon closing of the IPO, in outstanding principal and approximately of the accrued and unpaid interest was converted into shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was remaining in outstanding principal that was not converted into equity (see table below). During the year ended December 31, 2021, of the debt discount was amortized to interest expense. The Company recorded an additional in default interest expense upon conversion of these notes. 2019 Regulation D Offering For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company received gross proceeds of from a Regulation D convertible debt offering. The debt accrued interest at a rate of per annum with a maturity date of from the date of issuance. The debt was contingently convertible and contained both automatic and optional conversions. Upon closing of the IPO, the outstanding principal was converted into shares of common stock. Convertible Promissory Notes 2021 Notes On August 27, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Oasis Capital, LLC Oasis Capital further to which Oasis Capital purchased a senior secured convertible note (the Oasis Note ), with an interest rate of per annum, having a face value of for a total purchase price of , secured by all assets of the Company. The Oasis Note, in the principal amount of , bears interest at per annum and is due and payable from the date of issuance, unless sooner converted. The Oasis Note is convertible at the option of Oasis Capital into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price (the Oasis Conversion Price which is the lesser of (i) , and (ii) of the average of the lowest volumed weighted average prices VWAPs during the consecutive trading day period preceding the delivery of the notice of conversion. Oasis Capital is not permitted to submit conversion notices in any period having conversion amounts equaling, in the aggregate, in excess of . If the Oasis Conversion Price set forth in any conversion notice is less than per share, the Company, at its sole option, may elect to pay the applicable conversion amount in cash rather than issue shares of its common stock. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement with FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC FirstFire and Oasis Capital further to which FirstFire purchased a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the First FirstFire Note ), with an interest rate of per annum, having a face value of for a total purchase price of , secured by all assets of the Company. The First FirstFire Note, in the principal amount of , bears interest at per annum and is due and payable from the date of issuance, unless sooner converted. The First FirstFire Note is convertible at the option of FirstFire into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price (the First FirstFire Conversion Price which is the lesser of (i) , and (ii) of the average of the lowest volume-weighted average prices during the consecutive trading day period preceding the delivery of the notice of conversion. On November 16, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with FirstFire further to which FirstFire purchased a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the Second FirstFire Note and together with the First FirstFire Note, the FirstFire Notes ), with an interest rate of per annum, having a face value of for a total purchase price of . The Second FirstFire Note is convertible at the option of FirstFire into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price (the Second FirstFire Conversion Price which is the lesser of (i) , and (ii) of the average of the lowest volume-weighted average prices during the consecutive trading day period preceding the delivery of the notice of conversion. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 , which is recorded as a debt discount and was amortized over the life of the notes. The original issue discount and issuance costs for the Oasis and FirstFire Notes totaled , which were recognized as a debt discount and was amortized over the life of the notes. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal of the FirstFire and Oasis Notes was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully converted the outstanding principal of and accrued interest of into an aggregate of shares of commons stock. The Company recorded an additional in interest expense as a result of the conversions. As a result of the conversions, all terms and conditions under the notes were met and no further obligations exist. 2022 Notes On April 8, 2022, the Company and various purchasers executed a Securities Purchase Agreement April Notes whereby the investors purchased from the Company convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of , consisting of original issue discount of . The Company received net proceeds of after the original issue discount and fees, resulting in a debt discount of . Upon the Company s public offering in May 2022 (see below), the Company repaid to the investors and the debt discount was fully amortized. In connection with the April Notes, the Company issued an aggregate of warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Company recognized as a debt discount for the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option model, which was fully amortized upon the notes repayment in May. On July 22 and July 28, 2022, the Company and various purchasers executed a Securities Purchase Agreement July Notes whereby the investors purchased from the Company convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of , consisting of original issue discount of . The Company received net proceeds of after the original issue discount and fees. In connection with the July 22 and July 28 notes, the Company issued an aggregate of and warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of and per share, respectively. The Company recognized as a debt discount for the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option model, which will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes. If the July Notes are not repaid in full by the maturity date or if any other event of default occurs, (1) the face value of the notes will be automatically increased to ; (2) the notes will begin generating an annual interest rate of , which will be paid in cash monthly until the default is cured; and (3) if such default continues for 14 or more calendar days, at the Investors discretion, the notes shall become convertible at the option of the investors into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the on the date of the note conversion. The Company evaluated the terms of the conversion features of the July notes as noted above in accordance with ASC Topic No. 815 40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Stock , and determined they are not indexed to the Company s common stock and that the conversion features meet the definition of a liability. The notes contain an indeterminate number of shares to settle with conversion options outside of the Company s control. Therefore, the Company bifurcated the conversion feature and accounted for it as a separate derivative liability. Upon issuance of the July, the Company recognized a derivative liability at an aggregate fair value of , which was recorded as a debt discount and will amortized over the life of the notes. In December 2022, the Company fully repaid the outstanding principal of pertaining to the July 22 and 28 notes, as well as an additional due to the default provisions noted above. This amount was included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 , consisting of original issue discount of . The Company received net proceeds of . The December Notes were due and payable on February 15, 2023. If the December Notes are not repaid in full by the maturity date or if any other event of default occurs, (1) the face value of the December Notes will be automatically increased to ; (2) the Notes will begin generating an annual interest rate of , which will be paid in cash monthly until the default is cured; and (3) if such default continues for 14 or more calendar days, at the investors discretion, the December Notes shall become convertible at the option of the investors into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of the note conversion. The December Notes were fully repaid in February 2023. In connection with the December Notes, the Company issued to the investors an aggregate of warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price equal to , and shares of common stock. The Company recognized as a debt discount for the fair value of the warrants and common shares using the Black-Scholes option model, which will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes. The following is a summary of the convertible notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Issuance of Oasis note, net of issuance costs ) Issuance of FirstFire First note, net of issuance costs ) Issuance of Second FirstFire note, net of issuance costs ) Derivative liability in connection with notes ) ) Amortization of debt discount Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Proceeds from issuance of notes ) Repayments of notes ) ) Conversion of notes into common stock ) ) Warrant and common shares issued with convertible notes ) ) Derivative liability in connection with notes ) ) Amortization of debt discount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) As of December 31, 2022, the December Notes remained outstanding with a principal of and unamortized debt discount of , consisting of the original issue discount, in other financing fees, and the fair value of warrants and shares. The December Notes were fully repaid in February 2023 (see Note 14). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company amortized and , respectively of debt discount to interest expense pertaining to all convertible notes. As of December 31, 2022, there was remaining derivative liability outstanding pertaining to any convertible notes. Loan Payable PPP and SBA Loan In December 2021, the Company received notification that both its PPP Loans of and were approved for full forgiveness. As such, was recorded as other non-operating income in the consolidated financial statements. In April 2022, Bailey received notification of full forgiveness of its 2 nd PPP Loan totaling and partial forgiveness of its 1 st PPP Loan totaling . As of December 31, 2022, Bailey had an outstanding PPP Loan balance of and matures in 2026. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. The EIDL Loans mature in thirty years from the effective date of the Loan and has a fixed interest rate of per annum. Loan Payable In May 2021, H J entered into a loan payable with a bank and received proceeds of . The line bears interest at and matures in December 2025. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was and , respectively. In December 2021, H J entered into a merchant advance loan for a principal amount of and received proceeds of . The loan bears interest at and matures in June 2023. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance was . Note Payable Related Party As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, H J had an outstanding note payable of and , respectively owned by the H J Seller. The note matured in July 2022 and bears interest at per annum. Merchant Advances In 2022 and 2021, H J entered into merchant advance loans for proceeds of and , respectively. The loan bears interest at per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal of the loans was and , respectively. The outstanding loan at December 31, 2022 matures in November 2023. In 2022, the Company obtained several merchant advances for net proceeds of to fund operations. These advances are, for the most part, secured by expected future sales transactions of the Company with expected payments on a weekly basis. During 2022, the Company made repayments totaling and remained outstanding, which is expected to be repaid in 2023. As of the date of these financial statements, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. Promissory Note Payable As noted in Note 4, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of to the Bailey Holders pursuant to the Bailey acquisition. Upon the IPO closing in May 2021, the Company repaid of the outstanding principal on this note in May 2021. In August 2021, the maturity date was further extended to December 31, 2022. The Company is required to make prepayments of to if the Company completes a secondary public offering. If a public offering is not consummated before October 31, 2021 and June 30, 2022, the Company shall repay of the outstanding principal at each date. The Company did not make any payments in October 2021, and the Company and the lender agreed to defer these payments to the maturity date of the loan, December 31, 2022. As of the date of these financial statements, the parties are undergoing an extension of the maturity date, but is in technical default. The note incurs interest at per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, remained outstanding. Interest expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, all of which was accrued and unpaid as of December 31, 2022. In April 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of . The Company received in proceeds, net of issuance costs and original issue discount. Additionally, the Company issued warrants to the lender, which was recorded as a debt discount at the time of the loan. The fair value of the warrants and shares recorded as a debt discount was . Upon the closing of the IPO, the note was repaid in full. The entire debt discount of was amortized to interest expense upon repayment of the note. As noted in Note 4, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of to the Sundry Holders pursuant to the Sundry acquisition. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on February 15, 2023. In February 2023, the parties verbally agreed to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2023. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 to , and in conjunction therewith, to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares to shares. On October 21, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a one -for-100 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock and a proportional adjustment to the existing conversion ratios for each series of the Company s preferred stock. The reverse stock split became effective as of November 3, 2022. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts for all periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively, where applicable, to reflect this reverse stock split and adjustment of the preferred stock conversion ratios. On May 18, 2021, the Company filed a Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Restated Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in connection with the Company s IPO. The Company s board of directors and stockholders previously approved the Restated Certificate to be effective immediately prior to the closing of the IPO. The Restated Certificate amends and restates the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, in its entirety to, among other things: (i) increase the authorized number of shares of common stock to shares; (ii) authorize shares of preferred stock that may be issued from time to time by the Company s board of directors in one or more series; (iii) provide that directors may be removed from office only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 in voting power of the Company s outstanding capital stock then entitled to vote in an election of directors; (iv) eliminate the ability of the Company s stockholders to take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting; and (v) designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware to be the sole and exclusive forum for certain legal actions and proceedings against the Company. The Restated Certificate also effected a -for-15.625 reverse stock split approved by the Company s Board of Directors as described above. Series A Preferred Stock On August 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement with Hil Davis, its Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue 1 share of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock to for . The issuance of the preferred stock reduced the due to related party balance. The share of Series A Preferred Stock had votes per share and voted together with the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposals to amend the Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock and to increase the authorized number of shares of the Company s common stock. The terms of the Series A Preferred Stock provided that the outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock would be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at any time: (i) if such redemption is ordered by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the approval of Proposals 2 and 6 presented at the Company s 2022 annual shareholders meeting. Following conclusion of the shareholders meeting, such share of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock was redeemed. On October 13, 2022, the outstanding share of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock was redeemed for . Series A Convertible Preferred Stock On September 29, 2022, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation designating up to shares out of the authorized but unissued shares of its preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Except for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Holders shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. With respect to any vote with the class of Common Stock, each share of the Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the Holder thereof to cast that number of votes per share as is equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which it is then convertible. The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank (i) senior to all of the Common Stock; (ii) senior to any class or series of capital stock of the Company hereafter created specifically ranking by its terms junior to any Preferred Stock Junior Securities (iii) on parity with any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation created specifically ranking by its terms on parity with the Preferred Stock Parity 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 as of September 29, 2022) by the Conversion Price. The conversion price for each share of the Series A Preferred Stock is the closing price of the Common Stock on September 29, 2022, which was . Common Stock The Company had shares of common stock authorized with a par value of as of December 31, 2022. Common stockholders have voting rights of . The voting, dividend, and liquidation rights of the holders of common stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers, and preferences of preferred stockholders. 2022 Transactions During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock pursuant to the conversion of the FirstFire and Oasis Notes (see Note 7). In September 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to a consultant agreement at a fair value of . As part of the Sundry acquisition (see Note 4), the Company issued shares of common stock to the Sundry Sellers at a fair value of . In connection with the December Notes, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of . Underwriting Agreements and Public Offerings On May 5, 2022, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Alexander Underwriting Agreement with Alexander Capital, L.P., acting as representative of the several underwriters named in the Alexander Underwriting Agreement (the Alexander Underwriters ), relating to the Company s underwritten the offering pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell shares of the Company s common stock. The shares were sold to the public at a combined public offering price of per share and were purchased by the Underwriters from the Company at a price of per share. The Company also granted the Alexander Underwriters a option to purchase up to an additional shares of Common Stock at the same price, which expired and were not purchased. The shares were sold in the Offering pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-264347) (the Registration Statement ), a Registration Statement on Form S-1 pursuant to 462(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (File No. 333-264775), and a related prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The public offering closed on May 10, 2022 and the Company sold shares of common stock for total gross proceeds of million. The Company received net proceeds of million after deducting underwriters discounts and commissions of million and direct offering expenses of million. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, and accompanying Class B Warrants (the Class B Warrants to purchase shares of common stock and accompanying Class C Warrants (the Class C Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, at a combined public offering price of per share and Class B Warrant and Class C Warrant, and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants and together with the Class B Warrants and the Class C Warrants, the Warrants and together with the Shares and the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants, the Securities exercisable for shares of Common Stock, and accompanying Class B Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock and Class C Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, at a combined public offering price of , less the exercise price of , per Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Class B Warrant and Class C Warrant, to the Investors, for aggregate gross proceeds from the offering of approximately million before deducting placement agent fees and related offering expenses. As a result of the transaction, the Company issued shares of common stock, including the shares and the immediate exercise of pre-funded warrants, for gross proceeds of million. The Company received net proceeds of million after deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses. 2021 Transactions On May 13, 2021, the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the IPO was declared effective by the SEC. In the IPO, which closed on May 18, 2021, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share. Additionally, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares, which includes warrants sold upon the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The aggregate net proceeds to the Company from the were million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and direct offering expenses of million. Upon the closing of the Company s IPO on May 18, 2021, all then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock converted into an aggregate of shares of common stock according to their terms. Upon closing of the Company s IPO, the Company converted outstanding principal totaling and certain accrued and unpaid interest of the Company s convertible debt into an aggregate of shares of common stock. See Note 7. Upon closing of the Company s IPO, certain officers and directors converted balances due totaling into shares of common stock and recorded in compensation expense for the shares issued in excess of accrued balances owed. In connection with the H J and Stateside acquisitions, the Company issued and shares of common stock to the respective sellers. See Note 4. Pursuant to a consulting agreement, the Company issued shares of common stock with a guaranteed equity value of . In connection with the agreement, the Company recorded a contingent consideration liability of . See Note 3. An additional shares were issued upon settlement of the contingent liability. In May 2021, an aggregate of warrants were exercised for shares of common stock for proceeds of . In July 2021, warrant holders exercised warrants for proceeds of . On June 28, 2021, the Company s underwriters purchased shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share pursuant to the exercise of the remaining portion of their over-allotment option. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million. In connection with the execution of the Oasis Capital EPA, the Company issued Oasis Capital shares of common stock (the Commitment Shares ). Upon nine months from the Execution Date, Oasis may return a portion of the Commitment Shares. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded the fair value of the Commitment Shares of as deferred offering costs as no financings under the related EPA have occurred. In connection with the Second FirstFire Note, in November 2021 the Company issued (a) additional shares of common stock to FirstFire and (b) additional shares of common stock to Oasis Capital, as set forth in the waivers and consents (the Waivers ), dated November 16, 2021 executed by each of FirstFire and Oasis Capital (collectively, the Waiver Shares ). The Company recorded interest expense of pertaining to the fair value of the Waiver Shares issued. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock pursuant to a consulting agreement. The fair value of was based on the value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. and respectively, and accrued salary and expense reimbursements of and , respectively, to current officers. Upon closing of the IPO, shares of common stock were issued to directors as conversion of balances owed. In October 2022, the Company received advances from a director, Trevor Pettennude, totaling . The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022, the amounts were outstanding. The current CEO, Hil Davis, previously advanced funds to the Company for working capital. These prior advances were converted to a note payable totaling . Upon closing of the IPO, shares of common stock were issued to the CEO as conversion of the outstanding note payable and related accrued interest, accrued compensation and other consideration. As of a result of the transaction, the Company recorded an additional in stock compensation expense, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, H J had an outstanding note payable of and , respectively, owned by the H J Seller. The note matured on December 10, 2022 and bears interest at per annum. The note is in technical default. shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share expiring in April 2027. On May 10, 2022, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company issued the Underwriters Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. The Underwriters Warrants may be exercised beginning on November 1, 2022 until May 5, 2027. The initial exercise price of each Underwriters Warrant is per share, which represents of the public offering price. In connection with the July 22 and July 28 notes, the Company issued an aggregate of and warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of and per share, respectively. The warrants expire in July 2027. In connection with the November public offering, the Company granted pre-funded warrants which were immediately exercised for shares of common stock. The Company also granted an additional Class B Warrants and Class C Warrants as part of the offering. Each Class B Warrant has an exercise price of per share, is immediately exercisable upon issuance and expires after issuance. Each Class C Warrant has an exercise price of per share, is immediately exercisable upon issuance and expires after issuance. The Company also granted the placement agent warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of per share, which are exercisable after issuance and expire in . In connection with the December Notes, the Company issued to the investors an aggregate of warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price equal to for a fair value of . The warrants are immediately exercisable. The Company granted warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of to the lender in connection with its merchant advances. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 warrants and an additional warrants to purchase common stock per the over-allotment option. Each warrant will have an exercise price of per share (equal to of the offering price of the common stock), will be exercisable upon issuance and will expire from issuance. On May 13, 2021, pursuant to the IPO Underwriting Agreement, the Company issued warrants to the underwriters to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share. The warrants may be exercised beginning on November 13, 2021 and will expire from issuance. In connection with the Company s April 2021 note financing, the Company issued warrants to the lender to purchase up to shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of per share and are exercisable immediately after issuance. In May 2021, an aggregate of warrants were exercised for shares of common stock for proceeds of . In July 2021, warrant holders exercised warrants for proceeds of . A summary of information related to common stock warrants for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: Granted Conversion of preferred stock warrants upon IPO Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding - December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Outstanding - December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2021 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Preferred Stock Warrants Upon the IPO, all outstanding preferred stock warrants converted into common stock warrants at a ratio of :1. Stock Options 2020 Incentive Stock Plan The Company has adopted a 2020 Omnibus Incentive Stock Plan (the 2020 Plan ). An aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock is reserved for issuance and available for awards under the 2020 Plan, including incentive stock options granted under the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan administrator may grant awards to any employee, director, consultant or other person providing services to us or our affiliates. During 2021, options were granted to executives and directors at an exercise price from to per share. As of December 31, 2022, options were available for future issuance. 2013 Incentive Stock Plan The Company has adopted the 2013 Stock Plan, as amended and restated (the Plan ), which provides for the grant of shares of stock options, stock appreciation rights, and stock awards (performance shares) to employees, non-employee directors, and non-employee consultants. The number of shares authorized by the Plan was shares as December 31, 2022 and 2021. The option exercise price generally may not be less than the underlying stock s fair market value at the date of the grant and generally have a term 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 and as of December 31, 2022. Vesting generally occurs over a period of immediately to . A summary of information related to stock options under our 2013 and 2020 Stock Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding - December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding - December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2021 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Weighted average duration (years) to expiration of outstanding options at December 31, 2022 The assumptions utilized for option grants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: - Expected Dividend Yield n/a Expected Volatility n/a Expected Life (years) n/a The total grant-date fair value of the options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 was . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was recorded to general and administrative expenses, and and was recorded to sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations, all respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards as of December 31, 2022 amounted to and will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. . The lease required a deposit. The Company adopted ASC 842 on January 1, 2021 and recognized a right of use asset and liability of using a discount rate of . Under ASC 842, the lease was classified as an operating lease. Stateside leases office and showroom facilities in Los Angeles, California. The leases expire at various dates through November 2022 with base rents ranging from to . Total rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Rent is classified by function on the consolidated statements of operations either as general and administrative, sales and marketing, or cost of revenue. The Company determines whether an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception by evaluating potential lease agreements including services and operating agreements to determine whether an identified asset exists that the Company controls over the term of 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 . Such amounts include interest due, and are included in accounts payable, net of payments made to date, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not believe it is probable that the losses in excess of such trade payables will be incurred. On February 7, 2023, a vendor filed a lawsuit against Digital Brands Group related to trade payables totaling approximately . Such amounts include interest due, and are included in accounts payable, net of payments made to date, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not believe it is probable that the losses in excess of such trade payables will be incurred. On November 9, 2022, a vendor filed a lawsuit against Digital Brand s Group related to prior services rendered. The claims (including fines, fees, and legal expenses) total an aggregate of . The matter was settled in January 2023 and are on payment plans which will be paid off in April 2023. In August 2020 and March 2021, lawsuits were filed against Bailey s by third-party s related to prior services rendered. The claims (including fines, fees, and legal expenses) total an aggregate of . Both matters were settled in February 2022 and are on payment plans which will be paid off in July and September of 2023 On December 21, 2020, a Company investor filed a lawsuit against DBG for reimbursement of their investment totaling . Claimed amounts are included in short-term convertible note payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the Company does not believe it is probable that losses in excess of such short-term note payable will be incurred. The Company is actively working to resolve this matter. On September 24, 2020 a Bailey s product vendor filed a lawsuit against Bailey s non-payment of trade payables totaling approximately and additional damages of approximately . Claimed amounts for trade payables are included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, net of payments made. In December 2021, the Company reached a settlement; however, the settlement terms were not met and the Company received a judgement of . The amount due has been paid, the lawsuit dismissed and there is no claim or amount due. A vendor filed a lawsuit against Bailey 44 related to a retail store lease in the amount of million. The Company is disputing the claim for damages and the matter is ongoing. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents) day trading period immediately preceding such date plus the gross proceeds, if any, of shares of our stock issued to such sellers and sold by them during the one year period from the closing date of the offering does not exceed the sum of million, less the value of any shares of common stock cancelled further to any indemnification claims or post-closing adjustments under the H J Purchase Agreement, then we shall issue to the subject sellers an additional aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to any such valuation shortfall at a per share price equal to the then closing price per share of our common stock as quoted on the NasdaqCM. We did not honor our obligation to issue such shares and the former owner of H J have claimed that they were damaged as a result. As part of a proposed settlement with such holders, the Company has tentatively agreed to the following: (i) to transfer all membership interests of H J back to the original owners, (ii) to pay such owners the sum of , (iii) issue the former owners of H J an aggregate of worth of our common stock to be issued on May 16, 2023 based on the lower of (a) the stock closing price per share on May 15, 2023, and (b) the average common stock closing price based on the average of the trading days preceding May 16, 2023, with the closing price on May 9, 2023. Such tentative terms are to be memorialized in definitive purchase agreements and as such there is no assurance that such arrangements will be finalized. As of the issuance date of these financial statements, the above terms and continued negotiations have been verbally approved by the Board. All claims above, to the extent management believes it will be liable, have been included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Except as may be set forth above the Company is not a party to any legal proceedings, and the Company is not aware of any claims or actions pending or threatened against us. In the future, the Company might from time to time become involved in litigation relating to claims arising from its ordinary course of business, the resolution of which the Company does not anticipate would have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. and , respectively. The following table presents the deferred tax assets and liabilities by source: Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation timing differences ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. The Company assessed the need for a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets and determined a full valuation allowance is required due, cumulative losses through December 31, 2022, and no history of generating taxable income. Therefore, valuation allowances of and were recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Valuation allowance increased by and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred tax assets were calculated using the Company s combined effective tax rate, which it estimated to be approximately . The effective rate is reduced to for 2022 and 2021 due to the full valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets. The Company has permanent differences, consisting of non-deductible impairments of goodwill and intangible assets of million and amortization of non-cash debt issuance costs of million. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 and , for which losses from 2018 forward can be carried forward indefinitely. As a result of prior operating losses, the Company has net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards for federal income tax purposes. The ability to utilize NOL carryforwards to reduce taxable income in future years could become subject to significant limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code if the Company undergoes an ownership change. The Company would undergo an ownership change if, among other things, the stockholders who own, directly or indirectly, or more of our common stock, or are otherwise treated as 5 shareholders under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder, increase their aggregate percentage ownership of the Company s stock by more than percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock owned by these stockholders at any time during the testing period, which is generally the three-year period preceding the potential ownership change. The Company has evaluated its income tax positions and has determined that it does not have any uncertain tax positions. The Company will recognize interest and penalties related to any uncertain tax positions through its income tax expense. The Company is not presently subject to any income tax audit in any taxing jurisdiction, though all tax years from 2018 on remain open to examination. The Company recorded a tax benefit of for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to a full release of its valuation allowance pertaining to the acquisition of H J (see Note 4). The acquisition of H J created a deferred tax liability position, and those deferred tax liabilities can be used as a source of income for the Company s existing deferred tax assets. shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), and accompanying warrants (the Common Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, at a combined purchase price of per share and Common Warrant, and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants and together with the Common Warrants, the Warrants and together with the Shares and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, the Securities exercisable for shares of Common Stock, and accompanying Common Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, at a combined purchase price of , less the exercise price of , per Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Common Warrant, to the Investors, for aggregate gross proceeds from the Private Placement of approximately million. Each Common Warrant has an exercise price of per share, will be immediately exercisable upon issuance and will expire from the date of issuance. In February 2023, the Company fully repaid the December Notes for million. In February 2023, the Company and the Sundry Sellers verbally agreed to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2023. On April 7, 2023, the Company and various purchasers executed a Securities Purchase Agreement April 2023 Notes whereby the investors purchased from the Company convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of , consisting of original issue discount of . The Company received net proceeds of . The April 2023 Notes are due and payable on September 30, 2023. If the April 2023 Notes are not repaid in full by the maturity date or if any other event of default occurs, (1) the face value of the April Notes will be automatically increased to ; (2) the April 2023 Notes will begin generating an annual interest rate of , which will be paid in cash monthly until the default is cured; and (3) if such default continues for 14 or more calendar days, at the investors discretion, the April 2023 Notes shall become convertible at the option of the investors into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of the note conversion. 
 F-37 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 dbgi-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-256261) and on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-266486 and 333-268045) of Digital Brands Group, Inc. (the Company of our report dated April 17, 2023 with respect to the consolidated balances sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our report includes an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Newport Beach, California April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 dbgi-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, John Hilburn Davis, certify that: 1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Brands Group, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ John Hilburn Davis John Hilburn Davis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 dbgi-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Reid Yeoman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Brands Group, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Reid Yeoman Reid Yeoman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 dbgi-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Digital Brands Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Hilburn Davis, Chief Executive Officer of Digital Brands Group, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ John Hilburn Davis John Hilburn Davis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 dbgi-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Digital Brands Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Reid Yeoman, Chief Financial Officer of Digital Brands Group, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Reid Yeoman Reid Yeoman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dbgi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dbgi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dbgi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dbgi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

