<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230424_10-K_edgar_data_1397047_0001213900-23-032044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8140293</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>302359</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1657073</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1892512</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2152306</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1909604</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-032044.hdr.sgml : 20230424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230424162813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-032044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FlexShopper, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001397047
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		IRS NUMBER:				205456087
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37945
		FILM NUMBER:		23840428

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 YAMATO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 260
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(561) 367-1504

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 YAMATO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 260
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Anchor Funding Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-032044.txt : 20230424

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_flexshopperinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer: Accelerated filer: : Smaller reporting company: Emerging growth company: 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately (based on the price at which the Registrant s common stock was last
sold on June 30, 2022 of 0 .90 per share). 

The number of shares outstanding
of the Registrant s common stock, as of April 24, 2023, was . 

Documents
incorporated by reference : The Registrant intends to file a definitive proxy statem ent pursuant to Regulation 14A under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. Portions of such proxy statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 ii 

PART I 

1 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 7 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 18 

PART II 

19 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 
 29 

PART III 

30 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 43 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 43 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 45 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 47 

PART IV 

48 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 48 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 51 

SIGNATURES 

52 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created by that section. Forward-looking statements, which
are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, can generally be identified by the use of
forward-looking terms such as believe, expect, may, will, should, 
 could, would, seek, intend, plan, goal, project, 
 estimate, anticipate strategy, future, likely or other comparable
terms and references to future periods. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K regarding our strategies, prospects, financial condition, operations, costs, plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.
Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding the expansion of our consumer offerings, including
our lease-to-own program and loan program, expectations concerning our arrangements with retailers, marketing efforts, investments in
and the success of our underwriting technology and risk analytics platform, our ability to collect payments due from customers, expected
future operating results, and expectations concerning our business strategy. 

Forward-looking
statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations
and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy
and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks
and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial
condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these
forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those
indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 

general economic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, and other adverse macro-economic conditions; 

the impact of deteriorating macro-economic environment on our customer s ability to make the payment they owe our business and on our proprietary algorithms and decisioning tools used in approving customer to be indicative of customer s ability to perform; 

our ability to obtain adequate financing to fund our business operations in the future; 

our ability to maintain compliance with financial covenants under our credit agreement; 

the failure to successfully manage and grow our FlexShopper.com e-commerce platform; 

our ability to compete in a highly competitive industry; 

our dependence on the success of our third-party retailers and our continued relationships with them; 

our relationship with the bank partner that originate the loans in the bank partner loan model; 

our compliance with various federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those related to consumer protection; 

the failure to protect the integrity and security of customer and employee information; 

our ability to attract and retain key executives
and employees; the business and financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our ability to satisfy The Nasdaq Capital Market continued listing standards and other Nasdaq rules; and 

the other risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report. 

Risks
Related to our Businesses, Regulatory Environment and Industry 

Any
forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as
of the date on which it is made. Except as required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or
otherwise. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item 1. Business . 

Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context
otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, we, us, our 
and similar expressions are references to FlexShopper, Inc. FlexShopper and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Company Overview 

FlexShopper is a financial technology company that provides transparent
and competitive payment options to consumers. FlexShopper has a single operating segment that provides a variety of funding options via
lease-purchase solutions and loans. Many of our customers fall within the near-prime or subprime Fair Isaac and Company FICO score categories and may have difficulty purchasing durable goods or services. We have several channels with which we generate payment
options for customers. FlexShopper enables consumers utilizing our e-commerce marketplace to shop for brand name electronics, home furnishings
and other durable goods on a lease-to-own (LTO) basis. We effect these transactions by first approving consumers through our proprietary,
risk analytics-powered underwriting model. After receiving a signed consumer lease, we purchase the item from our drop-ship partners and
lease it to our customer. Some of these goods are purchased on a retail basis while others are sourced from distributors or directly from
manufacturers. We then collect payments from consumers under the consumer lease. We hold several registered patents and patent applications
on aspects of our on-line marketplace LTO system. In addition, we partner with leading traditional and e-commerce retailers (whom we refer
to as our point-of sale partners, POS partners, or retail partners ). In these instances, through a variety
of methods, we blend with the retailers to provide transparent and competitive lease payment options along with flexible terms that are
designed to help customers achieve merchandise ownership, including through low initial payments and early buyout options. 

We believe that our LTO programs, which are designed to improve the
quality of life of our customers by providing them the ability to obtain ownership of high-quality durable products under an affordable
payment arrangement, support broad untapped expansion opportunities for us within the U.S. consumer retail and e-commerce marketplaces.
Central to our business model is our LTO Engine, the proprietary technology that we developed and use to automate the online process for
consumers to receive payment terms and spending limits and to enter into leases for durable goods, all within minutes. The LTO Engine
allows us to operate through three strategic sales channels: (i) selling directly to consumers via our online FlexShopper.com LTO Marketplace
featuring thousands of durable goods, (ii) utilizing our LTO payment method at check-out on our merchant partners e-commerce sites
and (iii) facilitating LTO transactions with retailers in their physical locations both through their in-store terminals and FlexShopper
applications accessed via the Internet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated approximately 106 million in net lease revenues
and fees. 

In 2021, we began a test to market an
unsecured, consumer loan product for our bank partner that would augment our LTO solution in retailer sales channels. In 2022, based
upon the success of this testing, the marketing of our bank partner s loans became a strategic solution that we offer to many
of our current customers and through our retailer partners. In the bank partner origination model, applicants who apply and obtain a
loan through our online platform are underwritten, approved, and funded by the bank partner. Similar to our LTO option, the product
provides flexibility to offer loans in retailer channels that provide services in addition to durable goods (e.g., tire retailers
that provide car repair services) or in states which do not have lease purchase agreement regulations in-line with the majority of
other states. FlexShopper s bank lending product leverages its marketing and servicing expertise and its partner bank s
broad national presence to enable improved credit access to consumers. This model has been tested in the credit card and mortgage
industries and is a key growth enabler for the business. We manage many aspects of the loan life cycle on behalf of its bank
partner, including customer acquisition, underwriting and loan servicing. This relationship allows FlexShopper s bank partner
to leverage our customer acquisition channel, underwriting and service capabilities, which they would otherwise need to develop
in-house. The bank partner uses their own capital to originate loans. The bank partner retains approval rights on all aspects of the
program and are primarily responsible for regulatory and compliance oversight. Under the bank partner model, FlexShopper is
compensated by the bank partner as a service provider for our role in delivering the technology and services to the bank partner to
facilitate origination and servicing of loans throughout each loan s lifecycle. FlexShopper s bank partner holds loans
originated on our platform. FlexShopper acquires participation rights in such loans ranging from 95 to 100 of the loan. FlexShopper
is able to repurpose its technology as well as marketing, underwriting and servicing experience gained from the LTO business to
facilitate bank partner originations. In 2022, FlexShopper purchased 31 million in loan participations and recognized 15 million
in interest income in 2022. 

In late 2022, FlexShopper purchased the assets
of Revolution Financial, Inc. Revolution ). This purchase facilitated the creation of a direct origination model for consumers
in 11 states. In the direct origination model, applicants who apply and obtain a loan through our platform are underwritten, approved,
and funded directly by FlexShopper. Also acquired in the purchase were the customers, the loan portfolio and the leases for 22 store brick
and mortar locations, as well as program agreements with 78 additional brick and mortar locations that share net revenue of the loans
originated in those locations. In addition, there was also an agreement to be the exclusive provider of non-prime loans to consumers in
Liberty Tax corporate and franchisee locations nationwide. Furthermore, FlexShopper also gained a portfolio of current customers and information
on previous customers in order to market consumer products. FlexShopper is able to repurpose its technology as well as marketing, underwriting
and servicing experience gained from the LTO business to facilitate loan originations in these locations. 

Our Market Opportunity 

The non-prime consumer lease and finance industry offers consumers
an alternative to traditional methods of obtaining both durable goods via the LTO platform in a lease purchase transaction, goods and
services from retailers via the bank partner model in an installment loan and provides consumers cash for discretionary purchases via
the storefront direct origination model in a state-licensed loan. FlexShopper s customers typically do not have sufficient cash
or credit for these purchases, so they find the short-term nature and affordable payments of our products attractive. 

1 

The
Lease-Purchase Transaction 

A lease-purchase transaction is a flexible alternative for consumers
to obtain merchandise with no long-term obligation. Key features of our lease-purchase transactions include: 

Brand
name merchandise . FlexShopper offers well-known brands such as LG, Samsung, Sony and Vizio home electronics; Frigidaire,
General Electric, LG, Samsung and Whirlpool appliances; Acer, Apple, Asus, Samsung and Toshiba computers and/or tablets; Samsung and
Apple smartphones; and Ashley, Powell and Standard furniture, among other brands. 

Convenient payment options. Our
customers make payments primarily on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. Payments are automatically deducted from the customer s authorized
checking account or debit card. Additionally, customers may make additional payments or exercise early payment options, which enable
them to save money. 

No
long-term commitment . A customer may terminate a lease-purchase agreement at any time with no long-term obligation
by becoming current on amounts due under the lease-purchase agreement and returning the leased item to FlexShopper. 

Applying
has no impact on credit or FICO score . We do not use FICO scores to determine customers spending limits, so
our underwriting does not impact consumers credit with the three main credit bureaus. 

Flexible options to obtain ownership. Ownership
of the merchandise generally transfers to the customer if the customer makes all payments during the lease term, which is 52 weeks, or
exercises the early payment options. 

The Loan Transaction 

A loan transaction facilitates consumers purchases
of goods and services. Key features of our loan transactions include: 

Flexible APRs . FlexShopper
offers loan products with an APR as low as 62 and with an average APR of approximately 150 . The weekly payments for the customers,
on average, are in-line with the lease purchase transaction. 

Convenient payment options . Our
customers primarily make payments on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. Payments are automatically deducted from the customer s authorized
checking account or debit card. Additionally, customers may make additional principal payments which enable them to save money. 

No long-term commitment . A
customer may pre-pay at anytime. 

Applying has no impact on credit or FICO
score . We do not use FICO scores to determine customers spending limits, so our underwriting does not impact
customer credit with the three main credit bureaus. 

Key
Trends Driving the Industry 

An estimated 14.1 of U.S. households were underbanked 
in 2021, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Recently, demographic and socioeconomic trends have driven demand
from these underbanked consumers, including a decline a purchasing power as inflation surpassed wage growth and credit card balances reaching
record highs. As a result, the number of consumers with unsecured personal loans increased over 13 in the last year. Technology advances
have enabled instant underwriting both in-store and online. Non-prime consumers recognize that they have more convenient
options to acquire the liquidity for goods and services. In addition, leading retailers are continuing to embrace save the sale 
financing. 

2 

Our
Growth and Expansion Strategy 

Like many industries, the internet and other technology
is transforming the sub-prime leasing and finance industry. FlexShopper has positioned itself to take advantage of this transformation
by focusing on the expansion online and into mainstream retail and e-tail. Through its strategic sales channels, FlexShopper believes
it can expand its originations. FlexShopper s proprietary technology automates the process of consumers receiving spending limits
and originating leases or loans within minutes. FlexShopper s primary sales channels, which include B2C and B2B channels are illustrated
below: 

We believe we have created a unique platform in
which our B2B and B2C sales channels complement each other. For our B2C channels, we directly market to our consumers LTO opportunities
at FlexShopper.com, where they can choose from more than 100,000 of the latest products shipped directly to them by some of the nation s
largest retailers, distributors, and manufacturers. This generates sales for our retail partners, which encourages them to incorporate
our B2B solutions into their online and in-store sales channels. The lease originations by our retail partners using our B2B channels,
which have low customer acquisition cost to us, subsidize our B2C customer acquisition costs. Meanwhile, our B2C marketing promotes FlexShopper.com,
which provides incremental sales for our retail partners, as well as benefitting our FlexShopper.com business. 

To achieve our goal of being the preeminent pure
play virtual LTO leader, we intend to execute the following strategies: 

Continue to grow FlexShopper into a dominant
brand. Given strong consumer demand and organic growth potential for our liquidity solutions, we believe that significant opportunities
exist to expand our presence within current markets via existing marketing channels. As non-prime consumers become increasingly familiar
and comfortable with our retail partnerships, online marketplace and mobile solutions, we plan to capture the new business generated as
they migrate away from less convenient, legacy options. 

Expand the range of customers served .
 We continue to evaluate new product and market opportunities that fit into our overall strategic objective of delivering next-generation
retail, online and mobile platforms that span the non-prime/near-prime credit spectrum. For example, we are evaluating risk-based pricing
products to expand our approval rates. By improving our analytics to effectively underwrite and serve consumers within those segments
of the non-prime credit spectrum that we do not currently reach, we lower our acquisition cost while maintaining asset quality. We believe
the current generation of our underwriting model is performing well and will continue to improve over time as its data set expands. 

3 

Pursue additional strategic retail partnerships. 
We intend to continue targeting regional and national retailers to expand our B2B sales channels. As illustrated in the diagram above,
we believe we have the best omnichannel solution for retailers to save the sale . In retail, the phrase save the sale 
means offering consumers other liquidity options when they do not qualify for traditional credit. We expect these partnerships to provide
us with access to a broad range of potential new customers, with low customer acquisition costs. 

Pursue additional liquidity partnerships .
We have partnered with other providers of sub-prime consumer liquidity both through direct integrations and through other technology
partners to increase approval rates and conversion rates. These partners have appetite for providing consumers purchasing power based
on different product types, amounts and consumer risk at different price points. By providing our applicants access to these other liquidity
providers, we increase the total conversion rate while also providing our retailer partners with increased sales. 

Expand our relationships with existing customers
and retail partners. Customer acquisition costs represent one of the most significant expenses for us due to our high percentage
of online customers. In comparison, much lower acquisition costs are incurred for customers acquired through our retail partnerships.
We will seek to expand our strong relationships with existing customers by providing qualified customers with increased spending limits
or offering other products and services to them, as well as seek to grow our retail partnerships to reduce our overall acquisition cost.
In addition by encouraging additional repeat customers, we lower our acquisition cost for each new lease or loan and increase our lifetime
value of each customer. 

Continue to optimize marketing across all
channels. Since we began marketing our services to consumers in 2014, we have made significant progress in targeting our customers
and lowering our digital customer acquisition costs. Our efforts have been across different media including direct response television
and digital channels such as social media, email and search engines. 

Expand our liquidity offerings for consumers.
 The addition of the bank partner loan product is expanding FlexShopper s reach beyond providers of durable goods to also
include traditional and online retailers that provide non-durable goods and services. This significantly increases the total addressable
market for our products. More recently, FlexShopper is now providing loans directly to consumers without the retailer component in order
to find further ways to increase originations. 

Competition and our Competitive Strengths 

Providing liquidity to the non-prime consumer
industry is highly competitive. Our operation competes with other national, regional and local LTO and consumer finance businesses, as
well as with rental stores that do not offer their customers a purchase option. Some of these companies have, or may develop, systems
that enable consumers to obtain through online facilities both leases and loans, in a manner similar to that provided by FlexShopper s
proprietary technology. We believe the following competitive strengths differentiate us: 

Underwriting and Risk Management 

Specialized technology and proprietary risk
analytics optimized for the online non-prime credit market . We have made substantial investments in our underwriting
technology and analytics platforms to support rapid scaling, innovation and regulatory compliance. Our team of data scientists and risk
analysts uses our risk infrastructure to build and test strategies across the entire underwriting process, using alternative credit data,
device authentication, identity verification and many more data elements. We believe our real-time proprietary technology and risk analytics
platform is better than those of our competitors in underwriting online consumers and consumer electronics because of the significant
historical data we have acquired since 2014. Most of our peers focus on in-store consumers that acquire furniture and appliances, which
we believe are easier to underwrite, based on our own experience. Additionally, all of our applications are processed instantly with approvals
and spending limits provided within seconds of submission. 

LTO
Products for Consumers and Retailers 

Expansive online LTO marketplace. We
have made substantial investments in our custom e-commerce platform to provide consumers the greatest selection of popular brands
delivered by many of the nation s largest retailers, including Best Buy, Amazon and Walmart. Our platform is custom-built for
online LTO transactions, which include underwriting our consumers, serving them LTO leases, syncing and communicating with our
partners to fulfill orders and all front- and back-end customer relationship management functions, including collections and
billing. The result is a comprehensive technology platform that manages all facets of our business and enables us to scale with
hundreds of thousands of visitors and products. 

Wholesale Initiatives. We have made
substantial inroads creating relationships with distributors and manufacturers to increase the amount of retail margin on our marketplace
while still maintaining drop-ship capabilities and maintaining our zero-inventory policy. Offering brand name goods that provide us with
both the lease economics as well as the retailer economics should increase gross profit margins. 

Omnichannel save the sale 
product for retailers. In retail, the phrase save the sale means offering consumers other finance options when they
do not qualify for traditional credit. We believe that we have the best omnichannel solution for retailers to save the sale 
with LTO options. We believe no competitor has a LTO marketplace that provides retailers incremental sales with no acquisition cost. Additionally,
compared to our peers, our product for consumers requires no money down and typically fewer application fields. We believe this leads
to more in-store and online sales. Furthermore, by partnering with other liquidity providers, we are creating more sales and greater conversion
rate for our retailer partners. 

Providing LTO consumers an endless
aisle of products for lease-to-own. If customers want products that are not available on our marketplace, they may use
our personal shopper service and simply complete a form with a link to the webpage of the desired durable good. We will
then facilitate their purchase by providing an LTO arrangement. We also offer consumers the ability to acquire durable goods with our
FlexShopper Wallet smartphone application available on Apple and Android devices. With FlexShopper Wallet, consumers may apply for a
spending limit and take a picture of a qualifying item in any major retail store and we will fill the order for them. With our B2C channels,
we believe we are providing LTO consumers with a superior LTO experience and fulfilling our mission to help improve their quality of
life by shopping for what they want and where they want. 

4 

Scalable Model 

Our online presence and our instant underwriting
process for all consumer channels allows us to scale easily. We can onboard new retailers and our retailer partners can onboard new locations
without meaningful additional resources. 

Sales
and Marketing 

B2C
Channels 

We
use a multi-channel, analytics-powered approach to marketing our products and services, with both broad-reach and highly targeted channels,
including television, digital, telemarketing and marketing affiliates. The goal of our marketing is to promote our brand and primarily
to directly acquire new customers at a targeted acquisition cost. Our marketing strategies include the following: 

Direct
response television advertising . We use television advertising supported by our internal analytics and media buys from a
key agency to drive and optimize website traffic and lease originations. 

Digital
acquisition . Our online marketing efforts include pay-per-click, keyword advertising, search engine optimization, marketing
affiliate partnerships, social media programs and mobile advertising integrated with our operating systems and technology from vendors
that allow us to optimize customer acquisition tactics within the daily operations cycle. 

User
experience and conversion. We measure and monitor website visitor usage metrics and regularly test website design strategies
to improve customer experience and conversion rates. 

B2B
Channels 

We
use internal business development personnel and outside consultants that focus on engaging retailers and e-tailers to use our services.
This includes promoting FlexShopper at key trade shows and conferences. 

Information
Systems 

We use computer-based management information systems to facilitate
our entire business model, including underwriting, processing transactions through our sales channels, managing collections and monitoring
leased inventory and loan portfolio. In addition, we have a customer service and call center to facilitate inbound and outbound calls.
Through the use of our proprietary software developed in-house, each of our retail partners uses our online merchant portal that automates
the process of consumers receiving spending limits and entering into leases for durable goods or loans within minutes. The management
information system generates reports that enable us to meet our financial reporting requirements. 

5 

Government
Regulations 

Our business is extensively regulated by and subject to the requirements
of various federal, state and local laws and regulations. Violations of these laws and regulations may subject us to government investigations
and significant monetary penalties, remediation expenses and compliance-related burdens. Federal regulatory authorities are increasingly
focused on alternative consumer financial services and products that our business provides. We expect applicable federal regulatory agencies
will continue their increased focus on alternative consumer financial services and products, and, as a result, businesses such as ours
may be held to higher standards of monitoring, disclosure and reporting, regardless of whether new laws or regulations governing our industry
are adopted. In addition to federal regulatory oversight, currently, nearly every state specifically regulates lease-to-own transactions
via state statutes, and are holding businesses like FlexShopper to higher standards of training, monitoring and compliance. Most state
lease purchase laws require lease-to-own companies to disclose to their customers the total number of payments, total amount and timing
of all payments to acquire ownership of any item, any other charges that may be imposed and miscellaneous other items. The more restrictive
state lease purchase laws limit the retail price for an item, limit the total amount that a customer may be charged for an item, or regulate
the cost-of-rental amount that lease-to-own companies may charge on lease-to-own transactions. With respect to the regulation
of the cost-of-rental amount, such laws generally define cost-of-rental as lease fees paid in excess of the retail 
price of the goods. Our long-established policy in all states is to disclose the terms of its lease purchase transactions as a matter
of good business ethics and customer service. From time to time, state attorneys general have directed investigations, regulatory initiatives
and/or legal actions toward our industry, or certain companies within the industry. The consumer finance and LTO . 

See
 Risk Factors below for more information with respect to governmental laws and regulations and their effect on our business. 

Intellectual
Property 

FlexShopper
has been granted U.S. Patent Nos. 10,089,682, 10,282,778 and 10,891,687 (see page 13 for additional disclosures) by the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (the USPTO since 2018. These patents are for a range of systems, including one that enables e-commerce
servers to complete LTO transactions through their e-commerce websites and one that enables retailer devices to complete LTO transactions
through their retailer web pages, as well as systems that further enable consumer devices to modify received retailer web pages to indicate
LTO payments in association with transaction-eligible products as part of LTO transactions through the retailer web pages. FlexShopper
may file additional patent applications in the future. We can provide no assurance that FlexShopper will be granted any additional patents
by the USPTO. We believe certain proprietary information, including our underwriting model, and our patented and patent-pending systems
are central to our business model and we believe they give us a key competitive advantage. We also rely on trademark and copyright law,
trade secret protection, and confidentiality, license and work product agreements with our employees, customers, and others to protect
our proprietary rights. 

While we rely on intellectual property and proprietary
rights, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections, in our business, we also seek to preserve the confidentiality
of our intellectual property through appropriate restrictions, such as physical and electronic security measures. We believe that the
technological and creative skills of our personnel and frequent enhancements to our systems are essential to establishing and maintaining
our competitive position. 

See Risk Factors below for more information on and risks associated with respect to our intellectual
property. 

Human
Capital 

In
order to innovate, compete and succeed in our highly competitive market, it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain experienced
employees. As part of these efforts, we strive to offer competitive compensation and benefits program. In addition to their base salary,
we also offer employees a wide array of benefits such as life and health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, paid time off and retirement
benefits. We also provide free emotional well-being services as part of our employee assistance program. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 118 full-time employees, including
81 individuals in our corporate office and 37 individuals in operations center. As of that date, none of our employees were governed by
collective bargaining agreements or were members of a union. We foster an environment that is sustainably safe, respectful, fair and inclusive
of everyone and promotes diversity, equity and inclusion inside and outside of our business. 

Corporate
Organization and Information 

FlexShopper was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware
in 2006. FlexShopper is a holding corporation that conducts its lease-to-own business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, FlexShopper,
LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of North Carolina in 2013 and conducts its lending business through its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, FlexLending, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Delaware in 2019 and Flex Revolution, LLC, a limited
liability company organized under the laws of Delaware in October 2022. FlexShopper, LLC wholly owns, directly or indirectly, two Delaware
subsidiaries, FlexShopper 1, LLC and FlexShopper 2, LLC. 

6 

Our executive offices are located at 901 Yamato Road, Suite 260, Boca
Raton, Florida 33431, and our telephone number is (855) 353-9289. We maintain a corporate website at https://www.flexshopper.com. Our
Annual Report, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and amendments to those reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge on our website,
as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).
Our SEC reports and other filings can be accessed through the investors section of our website, or through https://www.sec.gov. Information
on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report or any other report we file or furnish with the SEC. 

Investors and others should note that we use social
media to communicate with our customers, retailer network and the public about our company, our services, new product developments and
other matters. Any information that we consider to be material to an investor s evaluation of our company will be included in filings
accessible through the SEC website and may also be disseminated using our investor relations website (https://flexshopper.com) and press
releases. However, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to also review our social media channels @flexshopper
on Twitter and FlexShopper on Facebook and Instagram. The information contained in these social media channels is not part of, and is
not incorporated into or included in, this Annual Report. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors . 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to the other information presented in this Form 10-K, in evaluating
us and our business. Any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties, could harm our business and financial results
and cause the value of our securities to decline. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Operations and Technology 

Our business liquidity and capital resources
are dependent upon our Credit Agreement with an institutional lender and our compliance with the terms of that agreement. FlexShopper,
through FlexShopper 2, LLC (the Borrower ), is party to a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, various lenders from time to time party thereto and WE 2014-1, LLC (the Lender ).
Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Borrower may borrow up to 110,000,000
from the Lender, based on the Borrower s cash on hand and Amortized Order Value of its Eligible Leases (as such terms are defined
in the Credit Agreement). The Commitment Termination Date of the Credit Agreement is April 1, 2024; the maturity date is April 1, 2025.
The Lender was granted a security interest in certain leases as collateral under the Credit Agreement and the interest rate charged on
amounts borrowed was set at SOFR plus 11 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the Credit Agreement was
 81,200,000. 

Failure
to effectively manage our costs could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Certain elements of our cost structure
are largely fixed in nature while consumer spending remains uncertain, which makes it challenging for us to maintain or increase our
operating income. The competitiveness in our industry and increasing price transparency mean that the need to achieve efficient operations
is greater than ever. As a result, we must continuously focus on managing our cost structure. Failure to manage our labor and benefit
rates, advertising and marketing expenses, operating leases, charge-offs or indirect spending could materially adversely affect our profitability. 

Our business depends on the success of
our third-party retail partners and our continued relationships with them. Our revenues depend in part on the relationships we
have with third-party retailers we work with to offer our services. We have entered a variety of such arrangements and expect to seek
additional such relationships in the future. If our retail partners do not satisfy their obligations to us, we are unable to meet our
retail partners expectations and demands or we are unable to reach agreements with additional suitable retail partners, we may
fail to meet our business objectives. The terms of any additional retail partnerships or other strategic arrangements that we establish
may not be favorable to us. Our inability to successfully implement retail partnerships and strategic arrangements could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, in most cases, our agreements with such third-party retailers
may be terminated at the retailer s election. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue our relationships with
our retail partners on the same or more favorable terms in future periods or that these relationships will continue beyond the terms
of our existing contracts with our retail partners. The failure of our third-party retail partners to maintain quality and consistency
in their operations and their ability to continue to provide products and services, or the loss of the relationship with any of these
third-party retailers and an inability to replace them, could cause our business to lose customers, substantially decreasing our revenues
and earnings growth. 

If our existing bank partner were to cease
or limit operations with us, or if we are unable to attract and onboard new bank partners, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be adversely affected. In the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 85 of our net loan originations
were generated from loans originated by our bank partner and facilitated by our platform. If our bank partner were to suspend, limit,
or cease their operations or otherwise terminate its relationship with us, the number of loans facilitated through our platform could
decrease and our revenue and revenue growth rates could be adversely affected. Our sales and onboarding process with a new bank partner
can be long and unpredictable. If we are unable to timely onboard our bank partner, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
In addition, regulators may require that our bank partner terminate or otherwise limit its business with us; impose regulatory pressure
limiting its ability to do business with us; or directly examine and assess our records, risk controls and compliance programs as they
relate to our interactions with the bank partner (and thereafter limit or prohibit future business between that bank partner and us).
We could in the future have disagreements or disputes with our bank partner, which could negatively impact or threaten our relationship
with them. In our agreement with our bank partner, we make certain representations and warranties and covenants concerning our compliance
with specific policies of a bank partner, our compliance with certain procedures and guidelines related to laws and regulations applicable
to our bank partner, as well as the services to be provided by us. If those representations and warranties were not accurate when made
or if we fail to perform a covenant, we may be liable for any resulting damages, including potentially any losses associated with impacted
loans, and our reputation and ability to continue to attract new bank partners would be adversely affected. Additionally, our bank partner
may engage in mergers, acquisitions or consolidations with each other, our competitors or with third parties, any of which could be disruptive
to our existing and prospective relationships with our bank partner. 

7 

Our
customer base presents significant risk of default for non-payment. We bear the risk of non-payment or late payments by our customers.
The nature of our customer base makes it sensitive to adverse economic conditions and, in the event of an economic downturn, less likely
to meet our prevailing underwriting standards, which may be more restrictive in an adverse economic environment. As a result, during
such periods we may experience decreases in the growth of new customers, and we may curtail spending limits to existing customers, which
may adversely affect our net revenue and potential profitability. 

Our
growth will depend on our ability to develop our brands, and these efforts may be costly. Our ability to develop the FlexShopper
brand will be critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our services and will require a continued focus on active marketing efforts.
We will need to continue to spend substantial amounts of money on, and devote substantial resources to, advertising, marketing, and other
efforts to create and maintain brand loyalty among our customers. If we fail to promote and maintain our brand, or if we incur substantial
expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to do so, our business would be harmed. 

Our business depends on the continued growth of online and mobile commerce. The business of selling goods over the internet and
mobile networks is dynamic and relatively new. Concerns about fraud, privacy and other problems or lack of access may discourage additional
consumers from adopting the internet or mobile devices as modes of commerce or may prompt consumers to offline channels. In order to
expand our user base, we must appeal to and acquire consumers who historically have used traditional means of commerce to purchase goods
and may prefer internet analogues to such traditional retail means, such as the retailer s own website, to our offerings. If these
consumers prove to be less active than we expect due to lower levels of willingness or ability to use the internet or mobile devices
for commerce for any reason, including lack of access to high-speed communications equipment, traffic congestion on the internet or mobile
network outages or delays, disruptions or other damage to users computers or mobile devices, and we are unable to gain efficiencies
in our operating costs, including our cost of acquiring new users, our business could be adversely impacted. 

Failure
to successfully manage and grow our FlexShopper.com e-commerce platform could materially adversely affect our business and prospects .
 Our FlexShopper.com e-commerce platform provides customers the ability to apply, shop, review our product offerings and prices and
enter into lease agreements as well as make payments on existing leases from the comfort of their homes and on their mobile devices.
Our e-commerce platform is a significant and essential component of our strategic plan and we believe will drive future growth of our
business. In order to promote our products and services and allow customers to transact online and reach new customers, we must effectively
maintain, improve and grow our e-commerce platform. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain, improve or grow our e-commerce
platform in a profitable manner. 

The
success of our business is dependent on factors affecting consumer spending that are not under our control . Consumer spending
is affected by general economic conditions and other factors including levels of employment, disposable consumer income, prevailing interest
rates, consumer debt and availability of credit, inflation, recession and fears of recession, tax rates and rate increases, timing of
receipt of tax refunds, consumer confidence in future economic conditions and political conditions, and consumer perceptions of personal
well-being and security. Unfavorable changes in factors affecting discretionary spending could reduce demand for our products and services,
such as consumer electronics and residential furniture, resulting in lower revenue and negatively impacting our business and its financial
results. 

Our customers can return merchandise without
penalty. When our customers acquire merchandise through the FlexShopper LTO program, we purchase the merchandise from the retailer
and enter the lease-to-own relationship with the customer. Because our customers can return merchandise without penalty, there is risk
that we may end up owning a significant amount of merchandise that is difficult to monetize. While we have factored customer returns into
our business model, customer return volume may exceed the levels we expect, which could adversely impact our collections, revenues and
our financial performance. Returns totaled less than 3 of leased merchandise for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
rely on third-party credit/debit card and ACH (automated clearing house) processors to process collections from customers on a weekly
basis. Our ability to collect from customers could be impaired if these processors do not work with us. These third-party payment
processors may consider our business a high risk since our customer base has a high incidence of insufficient funds and rejected payments.
This could cause a processor to discontinue its services to us, and we may not be able to find a replacement processor. If this occurs,
we would have to collect from our customers using less efficient methods, which would adversely impact our collections, revenues and
our financial performance. 

8 

We
rely on internal models to manage risk, to provide accounting estimates and to make other business decisions. Our results could be adversely
affected if those models do not provide reliable estimates or predictions of future activity. The accurate modeling of risks
is critical to our business, particularly with respect to managing underwriting and spending limits for our customers. Our expectations
regarding customer repayment levels, as well as our allowances for doubtful accounts and other accounting estimates, are based in large
part on internal modeling. We also rely heavily on internal models in making a variety of other decisions crucial to the successful operation
of our business. It is therefore important that our models are accurate, and any failure in this regard could have a material adverse
effect on our results. However, models are inherently imperfect predictors of actual results because they are based on historical data
available to us and our assumptions about factors such as demand, payment rates, default rates, delinquency rates and other factors that
may overstate or understate future experience. Our models could produce unreliable results for a number of reasons, including the limitations
or lack of historical data to predict results, invalid or incorrect underlying assumptions or data, the need for manual adjustments in
response to rapid changes in economic conditions, incorrect coding of the models or inappropriate application of a model to products
or events outside of the model s intended use. In particular, models are less dependable when the economic environment is outside
of historical experience, as has been the case recently. Due to the factors described above, resulting unanticipated and excessive default
and charge-off experience can adversely affect our profitability and financial condition, breach covenants in our Credit Agreement, limit
our ability to secure a future credit facility and adversely affect our ability to finance our business. 

In
deciding whether to provide a spending limit to customers, we rely on the accuracy and completeness of information furnished to us by
or on behalf of our customers. If we and our systems are unable to detect any misrepresentations in this information, this could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In deciding whether to provide a customer with
a spending amount, we rely heavily on information furnished to us by or on behalf of our customers and our ability to validate such information
through third-party services, including personal financial information. If a significant percentage of our customers intentionally or
negligently misrepresent any of this information, and we or our systems do not or did not detect such misrepresentations, it could have
a material adverse effect on our ability to effectively manage our risk, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

We have substantial investment in the creditworthiness
and financial condition of our customers. One of the largest current assets on our balance sheet is the lease receivable balance
from our customers. Deterioration in the financial condition of a significant component of our customer base could hinder our ability
to collect amounts due from our customers. Potential causes of such declines include national or local economic downturns, inflation,
pandemics, reduction in government subsidies and consumer confidence declines. 

If
we fail to timely contact delinquent customers, then the number of delinquent customer receivables eventually being charged off could
increase. We contact customers with delinquent account balances soon after the account becomes delinquent. During periods of
increased delinquencies, it is important that we are proactive in dealing with these customers rather than simply allowing customer receivables
to go to charge-off. During periods of increased delinquencies, it becomes extremely important that we are properly staffed and trained
to assist customers in bringing the delinquent balance current and ultimately avoiding charge-off. If we do not properly staff and train
our collections personnel, or if we incur any downtime or other issues with our information systems that assist us with our collection
efforts, then the number of accounts in a delinquent status or charged-off could increase. In addition, managing a substantially higher
volume of delinquent customer receivables typically increases our operational costs. A rise in delinquencies or charge-offs could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

9 

Our
operations are regulated by and subject to the requirements of various Federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations,
which may be amended or supplemented or interpreted by courts from time to time, could expose us to significant compliance costs or burdens
or force us to change our business practices in a manner that may be materially adverse to our operations, prospects or financial condition.
 Currently, nearly every state and the District of Columbia specifically regulate LTO transactions. At the present time, no federal
law specifically regulates the LTO industry, although federal legislation to regulate the industry has been proposed from time to time.
Any adverse changes in existing laws, or the passage of new adverse legislation by states or the Federal government could materially
increase both our costs of complying with laws and the risk that we could be sued or be subject to government sanctions if we are not
in compliance. In addition, new burdensome legislation might force us to change our business model and might reduce the economic potential
of our sales and lease ownership operations. Most of the states that regulate LTO transactions have enacted disclosure laws that require
LTO companies to disclose to their customers the total number of payments, the total amount and timing of all payments to acquire ownership
of any item, any other charges that may be imposed and miscellaneous other items. In addition, certain restrictive state lease purchase
laws limit the total amount that a customer may be charged for an item or regulate the cost-of-rental amount that LTO companies
may charge on LTO transactions, generally defining cost-of-rental as lease fees paid in excess of the retail 
price of the goods. There has been increased legislative attention in the United States, at both the Federal and state levels, on consumer
debt transactions in general, which may result in an increase in legislative regulatory efforts directed at the LTO industry. We cannot
guarantee that the Federal government or states will not enact additional or different legislation that would be disadvantageous or otherwise
materially adverse to us. In addition to the risk of lawsuits related to the laws that regulate LTO transactions, we could be subject
to lawsuits alleging violations of Federal and/or state laws and regulations relating to consumer tort law, including fraud, consumer
protection, information security and privacy. A large judgment against us could adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. Moreover, an adverse outcome from a lawsuit, even one against one of our competitors, could result in changes in the way
we and others in the industry do business, possibly leading to significant costs or decreased revenues or profitability. 

In addition, a number of participants in the consumer
financial services industry have been the subject of putative class action lawsuits, state attorney general actions and other state regulatory
actions and federal regulatory enforcement actions, including actions relating to alleged unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices,
violations of state licensing and lending laws, including state usury and disclosure laws and allegations of noncompliance with various
state and federal laws and regulations relating to originating, servicing and collecting consumer finance loans and other consumer financial
services and products. The current regulatory environment has increased regulatory compliance efforts and enhanced regulatory enforcement.
There is no assurance that these regulatory matters or other factors will not, in the future, affect how we conduct our business and,
in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, legal proceedings brought under state consumer protection statutes
or under several of the various federal consumer financial protection statutes may result in a separate fine assessed for each statutory
and regulatory violation or substantial damages from class action lawsuits, potentially in excess of the amounts we earned from the underlying
activities. Some of our agreements used in the course of our business include arbitration clauses. If our arbitration agreements were
to become unenforceable for any reason, we could experience an increase to our consumer litigation costs and exposure to potentially damaging
class action lawsuits, with a potential material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our
virtual LTO business differs in some potentially significant respects from the risks of a typical LTO brick-and-mortar store business,
which implies certain additional regulatory risks. We offer LTO products directly to consumers through our e-commerce marketplace
and through the stores and e-commerce sites of third-party retailers. This novel business model implicates certain regulatory risk including,
among others: 

possibly different regulatory
 risks than applicable to traditional brick-and-mortar LTO stores, whether arising from the offer by third-party retailers of FlexShopper s
 B2B solutions alongside traditional cash, check or credit payment options or otherwise, including the risk that regulators may mistakenly
 treat virtual LTO transactions as some other type of transaction that would face different and more burdensome and complex regulations; 

reliance on automatic bank
 account drafts for lease payments, which may become disfavored as a payment method for these transactions by regulators; 

potential that regulators
 may target the virtual LTO transaction and/or adopt new regulations or legislation (or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted
 in a manner) that negatively impact FlexShopper s ability to offer virtual LTO programs through third-party retail partners; 

potential that regulators
 may attempt to force the application of laws and regulations on FlexShopper s virtual LTO business in inconsistent and unpredictable
 ways that could increase the compliance-related costs incurred by FlexShopper, and negatively impact FlexShopper s financial
 and operational performance; and 

indemnification obligations
 to FlexShopper retail partners and their service providers for losses stemming from FlexShopper s failure to perform with respect
 to its products and services. 

Any
of these risks could have a material adverse effect on FlexShopper s business. 

10 

Changes
in regulations or customer concerns, in particular as they relate to privacy and protection of customer data, could adversely affect
our business. Our business is subject to laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally
identifiable information about our customers. The interpretation and application of privacy and customer data protection laws are in
a state of flux and may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. These laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently, and our current
data protection policies and practices may not be consistent with those interpretations and applications. Complying with these varying
requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our own privacy policies or with any regulatory requirements or orders or other
privacy or consumer protection related laws and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities
or others, subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity and adversely affect our operating results. 

The
transactions offered to consumers by our businesses may be negatively characterized by consumer advocacy groups, the media and certain
Federal, state and local government officials, and if those negative characterizations become increasingly accepted by consumers and/or
FlexShopper s retail partners, demand for our goods and the transactions we offer could decrease and our business could be materially
adversely affected. Certain consumer advocacy groups, media reports and federal and state legislators have asserted that laws
and regulations should be broader and more restrictive regarding LTO transactions. The consumer advocacy groups and media reports generally
focus on the total cost to a consumer to acquire an item, which is often alleged to be higher than the interest typically charged by
banks or similar lending institutions to consumers with better credit histories. This cost-of-rental amount, which is generally
defined as lease fees paid in excess of the retail price of the goods, is from time to time characterized by consumer advocacy
groups and media reports as predatory or abusive without discussing benefits associated with LTO programs or the lack of viable alternatives
for our customers needs. If the negative characterization of these types of LTO transactions becomes increasingly accepted by
consumers or FlexShopper s retail and merchant partners, demand for our products and services could significantly decrease, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, if the negative characterization
of these types of transactions is accepted by legislators and regulators, we could become subject to more restrictive laws and regulations,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The vast expansion and reach
of technology, including social media platforms, has increased the risk that our reputation could be significantly impacted by these
negative characterizations in a relatively short amount of time. If we are unable to quickly and effectively respond to such characterizations,
we may experience declines in customer loyalty and traffic and our relationships with our retail partners may suffer, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The loss of any of our key personnel could
harm our business . Our future financial performance will depend to a significant extent on our ability to motivate and retain
key management personnel. Competition for qualified management personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able
to hire additional qualified management on terms satisfactory to us. Further, in the event we experience turnover in our senior management
positions, we cannot assure you that we will be able to recruit suitable replacements. We must also successfully integrate all new management
and other key positions within our organization to achieve our operating objectives. Even if we are successful, turnover in key management
positions may temporarily harm our financial performance and results of operations until new management becomes familiar with our business.
At present, we do not maintain key-man life insurance on any of our executive officers. Although we have entered employment contracts
with H. Russell Heiser, Jr., our Chief Executive Officer, and John Davis, our Chief Operating Officer, we cannot guarantee that they will
be available. Our Board of Directors is responsible for approval of all future employment contracts with our executive officers. We can
provide no assurances that said future employment contracts and/or their current compensation is or will be on commercially reasonable
terms to us in order to retain our key personnel. The loss of any of our key personnel could harm our business. Although Richard
House, Jr, our former Chief Executive Officer, passed away on March 16, 2023, the Company believes that Mr. Heiser, who has been designated
Chief Executive Officer of the Company as of March 20, 2023 has demonstrated extensive knowledge and skills to fill the Chief Executive
Officer s position. 

If we are unable to continue to improve
our artificial intelligence AI models or if our AI models contain errors or are otherwise ineffective, our growth prospects,
business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. Our ability to attract customers to our
platform and increase the number of loans facilitated on our platform will depend in large part on our ability to effectively evaluate
a borrower s creditworthiness and likelihood of default and, based on that evaluation, offer competitively priced leases and loans
and higher approval rates. Further, our overall operating efficiency and margins will depend in large part on our ability to maintain
a high degree of automation in the loan application process and achieve incremental improvements in the degree of automation. If our
models fail to adequately predict the creditworthiness of borrowers due to the design of our models or programming or other errors, and
our models do not detect and account for such errors, or any of the other components of our credit decision process fails, we and our
bank partner may experience higher than forecasted losses. Any of the foregoing could result in sub-optimally priced leases and loans,
incorrect approvals or denials of leases and loans, or higher than expected lease and loan losses, which in turn could adversely affect
our ability to attract new borrowers and bank partner to our platform, increase the number of leases and loans facilitated on our platform
or maintain or increase the average size of leases and loans facilitated on our platform. Our models also target and optimize other aspects
of the lending process, such as borrower acquisition cost, fraud detection, and stacking. However, such applications of our models may
prove to be less predictive than we expect, or than they have been in the past, for a variety of reasons, including inaccurate assumptions
or other errors made in constructing such models, incorrect interpretations of the results of such models and failure to timely update
model assumptions and parameters. Additionally, such models may not be able to effectively account for matters that are inherently difficult
to predict and beyond our control, such as macroeconomic conditions, credit market volatility and interest rate fluctuations, which often
involve complex interactions between several dependent and independent variables and factors. Material errors or inaccuracies in such
models could lead us to make inaccurate or sub-optimal operational or strategic decisions, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, errors or inaccuracies in our models could result in any person exposed
to the credit risk of loans facilitated on our platform, whether it be us, our bank partner or our sources of capital, experiencing higher
than expected losses or lower than desired returns, which could impair our ability to retain existing or attract new bank partner and
sources of capital, reduce the number, or limit the types, of loans bank partner and sources of capital are willing to fund, and limit
our ability to increase commitments under our credit facilities. Any of these circumstances could reduce the number of loans facilitated
on the platform and harm our ability to maintain diverse and robust sources of capital and could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

11 

We
depend on hiring an adequate number of hourly employees to run our business and are subject to government regulations concerning these
and our other employees, including wage and hour regulations. Our workforce has a significant portion of employees who work on
an hourly basis. To grow our operations and meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, train, and retain a large
number of hourly associates, while at the same time controlling labor costs. These positions have historically had high turnover rates,
which can lead to increased training, retention and other costs. In certain areas where we operate, there is significant competition
for employees, including from retailers and the restaurant industries. The lack of availability of an adequate number of hourly employees,
or our inability to attract and retain them, or an increase in wages and benefits to current employees could adversely affect our business,
results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We are subject to applicable rules and regulations relating to our relationship
with our employees, including wage and hour regulations, health benefits, unemployment and payroll taxes, overtime and working conditions
and immigration status. Accordingly, federal, state or local legislated increases in the minimum wage, as well as increases in additional
labor cost components such as employee benefit costs, workers compensation insurance rates, compliance costs and fines, would
increase our labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Employee
misconduct or misconduct by third parties acting on our behalf could harm us by subjecting us to monetary loss, significant legal liability,
regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm . Our reputation is critical to maintaining and developing relationships with our existing
and potential customers and third parties with whom we do business. There is a risk that our employees or the employees of a third-party
retailer with whom we partner could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our reputation and business. For example, if an employee
or a third party associated with our business were to engage in, or be accused of engaging in, illegal or suspicious activities including
fraud or theft of our customers information, we could suffer direct losses from the activity and, in addition, we could be subject
to regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial condition, customer relationships and ability to attract
future customers. Employee or third-party misconduct could prompt regulators to allege or to determine based upon such misconduct that
we have not established adequate supervisory systems and procedures to inform employees of applicable rules or to detect violations of
such rules. The precautions that we take to detect and prevent misconduct may not be effective in all cases. Misconduct by our employees
or third-party contractors, or even unsubstantiated allegations of misconduct, could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation
and our business. Our operations are subject to certain laws generally prohibiting companies and their intermediaries from making improper
payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act,
and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions. Our employees, contractors or agents may violate the policies and procedures we
have implemented to ensure compliance with these laws. Any such improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations,
could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, and related shareholder lawsuits, could cause us to
incur significant legal fees, and could damage our reputation. 

Competition
in the LTO business is intense. The LTO industry is highly competitive. Our operation competes with other national, regional
and local LTO businesses, as well as with rental stores that do not offer their customers a purchase option. Some of these companies
have, or may develop, systems that enable consumers to obtain through online facilities spending limits and payment terms and to enter
into leases in a manner similar to that provided by our proprietary technology. Greater financial resources may allow our competitors
to grow faster than us, including through acquisitions. This in turn may enable them to enter new markets before we can, which may decrease
our opportunities in those markets. Greater name recognition, or better public perception of a competitor s reputation, may help
them divert market share away from us, even in our established markets. Some competitors may be willing to offer competing products on
an unprofitable basis in an effort to gain market share, which could compel us to match their pricing strategy or lose business. With
respect to customers desiring to purchase merchandise for cash or on credit, we also compete with retail stores. Competition is based
primarily on store location, product selection and availability, customer service and lease rates and terms. We believe we do not currently
have significant competition for our online LTO marketplace and patent pending LTO payment method. However, such competition is likely
to develop over time, and we may be unable to successfully compete in our target markets. We can provide no assurances that we will be
able to successfully compete in the LTO industry. 

Continuation
or worsening of current economic conditions faced by a portion of our customer base could result in decreased revenues. The geographic
concentration of our retail partners may magnify the impact of conditions in a particular region, including economic downturns and other
occurrences. Although we believe an economic downturn can result in increased business in the LTO market as consumers increasingly
find it difficult to purchase home furnishings, electronics and appliances from traditional retailers on store installment credit, it
is possible that if the conditions continue for a significant period, or get worse, consumers may curtail spending on all or some of
the types of merchandise we offer, in which event our revenues may suffer. 

12 

Much
of our customer base continues to experience prolonged economic uncertainty and, in certain areas, unfavorable economic conditions. We
believe that the extended duration of that economic uncertainty and unfavorable economic conditions may be resulting in our customers
curtailing purchases of the types of merchandise we offer, or entering into agreements that generate smaller amounts of revenue for us
(i.e., a 90-day same-as-cash option), resulting in decreased revenues for us. Any increases in unemployment or underemployment within
our customer base may result in increased defaults on lease payments, resulting in increased merchandise return costs and merchandise
losses. In addition, our retail partners as well as our online customer base are subject to the effects of adverse acts of nature, such
as winter storms, hurricanes, hail storms, strong winds, earthquakes and tornadoes, which have in the past caused damage such as flooding
and other damage to our retail partners and online customers. 

We have developed and may develop in
the future new loan products and services offerings, and if we are unable to manage the related risks, our growth prospects,
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We recently purchased the assets of a
store-based lender and may continue to grow that business through partnerships with other brick and mortar locations. New
initiatives are inherently risky, as each involves unproven business strategies, new regulatory requirements and new financial
products and services with which we, and in some cases our bank partner, have limited or no prior development or operating
experience. Launching new products can be capital intensive, and it can take time to determine both an appropriate market fit and
profitable unit. New products, once launched, may never achieve scale in a target market or achieve significant profitability. We
cannot be sure that we will be able to develop, commercially market and achieve market acceptance of any new products and services
that we may offer. In addition, our investment of resources to develop new products and services may either be insufficient or
result in expenses that are excessive in light of revenue actually derived from these new products and services. If the profile or
behavior of applicants using any new products and services is different from that of those currently served by our existing
products, our AI models may not be able to accurately evaluate the credit risk of such borrowers, and our bank partner and capital
sources may in turn experience higher levels of delinquencies or defaults. Failure to accurately predict demand or growth with
respect to our new products and services could have an adverse impact on our reputation and business, and there is always risk that
new products and services will be unprofitable, will increase our costs, decrease operating margins or take longer than anticipated
to achieve target margins. In addition, any new products or services may raise new and potentially complex regulatory compliance
obligations, which would increase our costs and may cause us to change our business in unexpected ways. Further, our development
efforts with respect to these initiatives could distract management from current operations and will divert capital and other
resources from our existing business. We may also have difficulty with securing adequate funding for any such new loan products and
services, and if we are unable to do so, our ability to develop and grow these new offerings and services will be impaired. If we
are unable to effectively manage the foregoing risks, our growth prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

We are
subject to sales, income and other taxes, which can be difficult and complex to calculate due to the nature of our business. A failure
to correctly calculate and pay such taxes could result in substantial tax liabilities and a material adverse effect on our results of
operations. The application of indirect taxes, such as sales tax, is a complex and evolving issue, particularly with respect
to the LTO industry generally and our virtual LTO business more specifically. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose
these taxes were established before the growth of the LTO industry and e-commerce and, therefore, in many cases it is not clear how existing
statutes apply to our various businesses. In addition, governments are increasingly looking for ways to increase revenues, which has
resulted in discussions about tax reform and other legislative action to increase tax revenues, including through indirect taxes. This
also could result in other adverse changes in or interpretations of existing sales, income and other tax regulations. For example, from
time to time, some taxing authorities in the United States have notified us that they believe we owe them certain taxes imposed on transactions
with our customers. Although these notifications have not resulted in material tax liabilities to date, there is a risk that one or more
jurisdictions may be successful in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

System
interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in our order entry and online systems may adversely affect our net sales. Customer
access to our customer service center and websites is key to the continued flow of new orders. Anything that would hamper or interrupt
such access could adversely affect our net sales, operating results and customer satisfaction. Examples of risks that could affect access
include problems with the internet or telecommunication infrastructure, limited web access by our customers, local or more systemic impairment
of computer systems due to viruses or malware, or impaired access due to breaches of internet security or denial of service attacks.
Changes in the policies of service providers or others that increase the cost of telephone or internet access could inhibit our ability
to market our products or transact orders with customers. In addition, our ability to operate our business from day-to-day largely depends
on the efficient operation of our computer hardware and software systems and communications systems. Our computer and communications
systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, earthquakes, acts of war
or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins or denial of service attacks, improper operation by employees
and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data and could prevent
us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services, which would impair our operations. Certain of our systems are
not redundant, and we have not fully implemented a disaster recovery plan. In addition, we may have inadequate insurance coverage to
compensate us for any related losses. Interruptions to customer ordering, particularly if prolonged, could damage our reputation and
be expensive to remedy and have significant adverse effects on our financial results. 

We
face risks related to the strength of our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure. We are exposed to operational
risks that can be manifested in many ways, such as errors related to failed or inadequate processes, faulty or disabled computer systems,
fraud by employees, contractors or third parties and exposure to external events. In addition, we are heavily dependent on the strength
and capability of our technology systems that we use to manage our internal financial, credit and other systems, interface with our customers
and develop and implement effective marketing campaigns. Our ability to operate our business to meet the needs of our existing customers
and attract new ones and to run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations depends on the functionality of our operational
and technology systems. Any disruptions or failures of our operational and technology systems, including those associated with improvements
or modifications to such systems, could cause us to be unable to market and manage our products and services and to report our financial
results in a timely and accurate manner, all of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. In some cases, we outsource
delivery, maintenance and development of our operational and technological functionality to third parties. These third parties may experience
errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. Any increase in the amount of our infrastructure
that we outsource to third parties may increase our exposure to these risks. 

13 

If
we do not respond to technological changes, our services could become obsolete, and we could lose customers. To remain competitive,
we must continue to enhance and improve the functionality and features of our e-commerce websites and other technologies. We may face
material delays in introducing new products and enhancements. If this happens, our customers may forego the use of our websites and use
those of our competitors. The internet and the online commerce industry are rapidly changing. If competitors introduce new products and
services using new technologies or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing websites and our proprietary technology
and systems may become obsolete. Our failure to respond to technological change or to adequately maintain, upgrade and develop our computer
network and the systems used to process customers orders and payments could harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of
third parties. We have been granted a patent for our system that enables e-commerce servers to complete LTO transactions through
their e-commerce websites and for additional systems that enable retailer devices to complete LTO transactions through their retailer
web pages, as well as systems that further enable consumer devices to modify received retailer web pages to indicate LTO payments in
association with transaction-eligible products as part of LTO transactions through the retailer web pages. However, we can provide no
assurances that we will be granted any additional patents by the USPTO. We believe certain proprietary information, including but not
limited to our underwriting model, and patented and patent-pending systems are central to our business model, and we believe give us
a key competitive advantage. We rely on trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality, license and work product
agreements with our employees, customers and others to protect our proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from
acquiring trademarks, service marks and domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and
other proprietary rights. Failure to protect our domain names could affect adversely our reputation and brand and make it more difficult
for users to find our website. We may be unable to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights.
The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. In addition,
the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent parties from infringing or misappropriating
our proprietary rights. We can be at risk that others will independently develop or acquire equivalent or superior technology or other
intellectual property rights. The use of our technology or similar technology by others could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage
we have developed, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. We cannot be certain that the intellectual property used in
our business does not and will not infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and we are from time to time subject to third
party infringement claims. Due to changes in patent law, we face the risk of a temporary increase in patent litigation due to new restrictions
on including unrelated defendants in patent infringement lawsuits in the future particularly from entities that own patents but that
do not make products or services covered by the patents. Any third-party infringement claims against us, whether or not meritorious,
may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us or the payment of damages. Moreover,
should we be found liable for infringement, we may be required to seek to enter into licensing agreements, which may not be available
on acceptable terms or at all. 

14 

Product
safety and quality control issues, including product recalls, could harm our reputation, divert resources, reduce sales and increase
costs. The products we lease are subject to regulation by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and similar state regulatory
authorities. Such products could be subject to recalls and other actions by these authorities. Product safety or quality concerns may
require us to voluntarily remove selected products from our e-commerce site, or from our customers homes. Such recalls and voluntary
removal of products can result in, among other things, lost sales, diverted resources, potential harm to our reputation and increased
customer service costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, given the terms of our lease
agreements with our customers, in the event of such a product quality or safety issue, our customers who have leased the defective merchandise
from us could terminate their lease agreements for that merchandise and/or not renew those lease arrangements, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition if we are unable to recover those losses from the vendor who supplied us with the defective
merchandise. 

Our
management information systems may not be adequate to meet our evolving business and emerging regulatory needs and the failure to successfully
implement them could negatively impact the business and its financial results. We are investing significant capital in new information
technology systems to support our growth plan. These investments include redundancies and acquiring new systems and hardware with updated
functionality. We are taking appropriate actions to ensure the successful implementation of these initiatives, including the testing
of new systems, with minimal disruptions to the business. These efforts may take longer and may require greater financial and other resources
than anticipated, may cause distraction of key personnel, may cause disruptions to our systems and our business, and may not provide
the anticipated benefits. The disruption in our information technology systems, or our inability to improve, integrate or expand our
systems to meet our evolving business and emerging regulatory requirements, could impair our ability to achieve critical strategic initiatives
and could adversely impact our sales, collections efforts, cash flows and financial condition. 

If
we do not maintain the privacy and security of customer, retail partner, employee or other confidential information, due to cybersecurity-related
 hacking attacks, intrusions into our systems by unauthorized parties or otherwise, we could incur significant costs, litigation,
regulatory enforcement actions and damage to our reputation, any one of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating
results and financial condition. Our business involves the collection, processing, transmission and storage of customers 
personal and confidential information, including dates of birth, banking information, credit and debit card information, data we receive
from consumer reporting companies, including credit report information, as well as confidential information about our retail partners
and employees, among others. Much of this data constitutes confidential personally identifiable information PII which,
if unlawfully accessed, either through a hacking attack or otherwise, could subject us to significant liabilities as further
discussed below. Companies like us that possess significant amounts of PII and/or other confidential information have experienced a significant
increase in cyber security risks in recent years from increasingly aggressive and sophisticated cyberattacks, including hacking, computer
viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing and impersonation), denial-of-service
attacks and other attacks and similar disruptions from the unauthorized use of or access to information technology IT systems. Our IT systems are subject to constant attempts to gain unauthorized access in order to disrupt our business operations and
capture, destroy or manipulate various types of information that we rely on, including PII and/or other confidential information. In
addition, various third parties, including employees, contractors or others with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security
measures in order to obtain such information, or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. Any significant compromise
or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of PII and/or other confidential information may result in significant
costs, litigation and regulatory enforcement actions and, therefore, may have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results
and financial condition. Further, if any such compromise, breach or misuse is not detected quickly, the effect could be compounded. While
we have implemented network security systems and processes to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent
data loss and theft, there is no guarantee that these procedures are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuse
of the data. We maintain private liability insurance intended to help mitigate the financial risks of such incidents, but there can be
no guarantee that insurance will be sufficient to cover all losses related to such incidents, and our exposure resulting from any serious
unauthorized access to, or use of, secured data, or serious data loss or theft, could far exceed the limits of our insurance coverage
for such events. Further, a significant compromise of PII and/or other confidential information could result in regulatory penalties
and harm our reputation with our customers, retail partners and others, potentially resulting in a material adverse impact on our business,
operating results and financial condition. The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy
is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements
could result in additional costs. We also believe successful data breaches or cybersecurity incidents at other companies, whether or
not we are involved, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence that could negatively affect us, including harming the market
perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or financial technology in general. We believe our exposure to this risk will
increase as we expand our use of financial technology to communicate with our customers and retail partners and as we increase the number
of retail partners with whom we work. 

15 

If
we fail to maintain adequate systems and processes to detect and prevent fraudulent activity, our business could be adversely impacted.
 Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as paper instrument counterfeiting,
fraudulent payment or refund schemes and identity theft. As we make more of our services available over the internet and other media,
we subject ourselves to consumer fraud risk. We use a variety of tools to protect against fraud; however, these tools may not always
be successful. 

Our
failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls could result in inaccurate reporting of financial results and harm our business.
 We are required to comply with a variety of reporting, accounting and other rules and regulations. As a public reporting company
subject to the rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the Nasdaq Capital Market, we are required to, among
other things, establish and periodically evaluate procedures with respect to our disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, as
a public company, we are required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 so that our management can certify, on an annual basis, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective.
As such, we maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, but there are limitations inherent in internal control systems.
A control system can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefit of controls must be appropriate
relative to their costs. Furthermore, compliance with existing requirements is expensive and we may need to implement additional finance
and accounting and other systems, procedures and controls to satisfy our reporting requirements. If our internal control over financial
reporting is determined to be ineffective, such failure could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information,
negatively affect the market price of our common stock, subject us to regulatory investigations and penalties, and adversely impact our
business and financial condition. 

Risks
Relating to our Stock 

Because of their significant stock ownership
and ability to select a nominee to our Board of Directors, certain beneficial owners of our stock, as well as our executive officers and
directors, will be able to exert control over the Company and significant corporate decisions. B2 FIE V LLC B2 FIE ),
a holder of series 2 convertible preferred stock and a seat on our Board, beneficially owns 21.0 of the voting power of our outstanding
stock as of March 31, 2023. Our secured lender beneficially owns 5.9 of the voting power of our outstanding stock as of February 28,
2023. Also, our executive officers and other directors beneficially own an additional 26.6 of the voting power of our outstanding stock
as of the same date. In the event that they act in concert on future stockholder matters, such persons may have the ability to affect
the election of all of our directors and the outcome of all issues submitted to our stockholders. Such concentration of ownership could
limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of common stock and could have the effect of making
it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of us. Additionally,
pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement entered into in connection with its investment in the Company, B2 FIE currently has the right
to designate one nominee on our Board of Directors. As a result, the presence of directors on our Board of Directors nominated by these
investors enables such investors to influence and impact future actions taken by our Board of Directors. 

The price of our common stock has fluctuated
significantly and is likely to continue to do so. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the closing price for our common
stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market ranged from 0.86 to 3.01 per share. The market price for our common stock can fluctuate as a result
of a variety of factors, including the factors listed in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control. These factors
include: actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; announcements of new services by our competitors or us; announcements
relating to strategic relationships or acquisitions; dilution caused by additional equity issuances; our ability to meet market expectations
with respect to the growth and profitability; quarterly variations in our competitors results of operations; state or federal
legislative or regulatory proposals, initiatives, actions or changes that are, or are perceived to be, adverse to our operations; changes
in financial estimates or other statements by securities analysts; and other changes in general economic conditions. Because of this,
we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of our stockholders or others, and the market price for our common stock could fluctuate
as a result. In addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. 

If we cannot continue to satisfy The
Nasdaq Capital Market continued listing standards and other Nasdaq rules, our common stock could be delisted, which would harm our
business, the trading price of our common stock, our ability to raise additional capital and the liquidity of the market for our
common stock . Our common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. To maintain the listing of our common stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we are required to meet certain listing requirements, including, among others: (i) a minimum closing
bid price of 1.00 per share, a market value of publicly held shares (excluding shares held by our executive officers, directors and
10 or more stockholders) of at least 1.0 million and stockholders equity of at least 2.5 million; (ii) a minimum closing
bid price of 1.00 per share, a market value of publicly held shares (excluding shares held by our executive officers, directors and
10 or more stockholders) of at least 1 million and a market value of all listed securities of at lease 35.0 million; or (iii) a
minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, a market value of publicly held shares (excluding shares held by our executives
officers, directors and 10 or more stockholders) of at least 1.0 million and net income from continuing operations of at least
 500,000 (in the latest fiscal year or in two of the last three fiscal years). 

There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain
compliance with the minimum closing price requirement. On April 21, 2023, the Company received a letter (the Notice from
The Nasdaq Stock Market notifying the Company that, because the closing bid price for its common stock has been below 1.00 per share
for 30 consecutive business days, it no longer complies with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital
Market. The Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company
has been provided an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. During
the compliance period, the Company s shares of common stock will continue to be listed and traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market.
To regain compliance, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must meet or exceed 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten
consecutive business days during the 180 calendar day grace period. The Company intends to actively monitor the bid price for its common
stock and will consider available options to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

16 

If our common stock were to be delisted from Nasdaq
and was not eligible for quotation or listing on another market or exchange, trading of our common stock could be conducted only in the
over-the-counter market such as the OTC Markets Group DTCQB. In such event, it could become more difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate
price quotations for, our common stock, and there would likely also be a reduction in our coverage by securities analysts and the news
media, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline further. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business.
Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be dependent upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements,
applicable contractual restrictions and other such factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. We are additionally restricted
under our Credit Agreement from declaring or making any dividends in cash or stock, subject to certain limited permitted dividend payments
assuming we have positive net income and there is no existing default or event of default thereunder. 

Increased
costs associated with corporate governance compliance may significantly impact our results of operations. Changing laws, regulations
and standards relating to corporate governance, public disclosure and compliance practices, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and new SEC regulations, may create difficulties for companies such
as ours in understanding and complying with these laws and regulations. As a result of these difficulties and other factors, devoting
the necessary resources to comply with evolving corporate governance and public disclosure standards has resulted in and may in the future
result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention to compliance activities. We
also expect these developments to increase our legal compliance and financial reporting costs. In addition, these developments may make
it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. Moreover, we may be unable to comply with these new laws and regulations
on a timely basis. These developments could make it more difficult for us to retain qualified members of our Board of Directors, or qualified
executive officers. We are presently evaluating and monitoring regulatory developments and cannot estimate the timing or magnitude of
additional costs we may incur as a result. To the extent these costs are significant, our general and administrative expenses are likely
to increase. 

If
we sell shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock in future financings, the ownership interest of existing
shareholders will be diluted and, as a result, our stock price may go down. We may from time to time issue additional shares
of common stock, possibly at a discount from the current trading price of our common stock, or securities convertible into our common
stock. As a result, our existing shareholders will experience immediate dilution upon the purchase of any shares of our Common Stock
sold at a discount. If we issue common stock or securities convertible into common stock, our shareholders will experience dilution and
this dilution will be greater if we find it necessary to sell securities at a discount to prevailing market prices. 

Our
certificate of incorporation allows for our Board of Directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our
stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. Our Board of Directors has the authority
to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock and to issue up to 500,000 shares of our preferred stock
(of which 250,000 shares have been designated as series 1 convertible preferred stock and 25,000 shares have been designated as series
2 convertible preferred stock) without further stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance
of additional series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to
receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares,
together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. In addition, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance
of additional series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock,
which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. Although we have
no present intention to issue any additional shares of preferred stock or to create any additional series of preferred stock, we may
decide to issue such shares in the future. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 

None 

17 

Item
2. Properties . 

Our
principal executive office is located in Boca Raton, Florida, where we currently lease 21,622 square feet of office space to accommodate
our business and employees. The monthly rent for this space is approximately 31,500 with annual 3 increases throughout the lease term
on the anniversary of the commencement date throughout the initial 108-month term. Our lease extends through June 30, 2028. 

We
had a lease for storefront space in West Palm Beach, Florida to accommodate our repossession retail sales operation. The monthly base
rent including operating expenses was approximately 2,000 throughout December 30, 2021. In March 2021, FlexShopper and the lessor agreed
on the early termination of the lease for this property. 

In September 2021, FlexShopper entered into a
twelve-month lease for an office space for approximately 18 people at the Battery at SunTrust Park at Georgia, Atlanta mainly to expand
the sales team. This lease was renewed for another twelve-month period with a monthly rent of approximately 8,800 per month. 

As part of the Revolution Transaction (See Note
14 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements), 22 storefront lease agreements were acquired by FlexShopper. Some of those
stores were closed or transferred to franchisees after the Revolution Transaction. As of December 31, 2022, 19 storefront lease agreements
belong to FlexShopper. The stores are located in Alabama, Michigan, Nevada, and Oklahoma and are used to offer finance products to customers.
The monthly average rent for these stores is approximately 1,700 per month. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings . 

There
are no material pending legal proceedings against our company. We may, however, be subject to various claims and legal actions arising
in the ordinary course of business from time to time. 

For
further information, see Note 11 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 

Not
applicable. 

18 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

Our
common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FPAY. 

Holders
of Record 

A s of March
31, 2023, there were 124 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any earnings for future growth and, therefore,
do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be
at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon various factors, including our results of operations, financial condition,
capital requirements, investment opportunities and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. Our Credit Agreement restricts
our ability to declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any dividends in cash or stock, or incur any obligation
to do so, subject to certain limited permitted dividend payments assuming we have positive net income and there is no existing default
or event of default thereunder. 

Our series 2 convertible preferred stock accrues
dividends on its 1,000 stated value at an annual rate of 10 compounded annually. Cumulative accrued dividends on our series 2 convertible
preferred stock, as of December 31, 2022, totaled 19,084,376 (see Note 8 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Item
6. Reserved 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in
conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Since
December 2013, we have developed a business that focuses on improving the quality of life of our customers by
providing them the opportunity to obtain ownership of high-quality durable products, such as consumer electronics, home appliances, computers
(including tablets and wearables), smartphones, tires, jewelry and furniture (including accessories), under affordable payment lease-to-own LTO purchase agreements with no long-term obligation. We believe that the introduction of FlexShopper s LTO programs
support broad untapped expansion opportunities within the U.S. consumer e-commerce and retail marketplaces. We have successfully developed
and are currently processing LTO transactions using FlexShopper s proprietary technology that automates the process of consumers
receiving spending limits and entering into leases for durable goods within seconds. FlexShopper s primary LTO sales channels, which
include business to consumer B2C and business to business B2B channels. Our B2C customers can acquire
well-known brands such as Samsung, Frigidaire, Hewlett-Packard, LG, Whirlpool, Ashley and Apple at flexshopper.com. Concurrently, e-tailers
and retailers FlexShopper s may increase their sales by utilizing FlexShopper s B2B channel to connect with consumers that
want to acquire products on an LTO basis. FlexShopper s LTO sales channels include (1) selling directly to consumers via the online
FlexShopper.com LTO Marketplace featuring thousands of durable goods, (2) utilizing our LTO payment method at check-out on our partners 
e-commerce sites and (3) facilitating LTO transactions with retailers in their physical locations both through their in-store terminals
and FlexShopper applications accessed via the Internet. 

19 

In 2021, we began a test to market an unsecured,
consumer loan product for our bank partner that would augment our LTO solution in retailer sales channels. In 2022, based upon the success
of this testing, the marketing of our bank partner s loans became a strategic solution that we offer to many of our current customers
and through our retailer partners. In the bank partner origination model, applicants who apply and obtain a loan through our online platform
and are underwritten, approved, and funded by the bank partner. The product provides flexibility for FlexShopper to offer loans in retailer
channels that provide services in addition to durable goods (e.g., tire retailers that provide car repair services) or in states which
do not have lease purchase agreement regulations. FlexShopper s bank lending product leverages its marketing and servicing expertise
and its partner bank s national presence to enable improved credit access to consumers. We manage many aspects of the loan life
cycle on behalf of its bank partner, including customer acquisition, underwriting and loan servicing. This relationship allows FlexShopper s
bank partner to leverage our customer acquisition channel, underwriting and service capabilities, which they would otherwise need to develop
in-house. The bank partner uses their own capital to originate loans. The bank partner retains approval rights on all aspects of the program
and are primarily responsible for regulatory and compliance oversight. Under the bank partner model, FlexShopper is compensated by the
bank partner as a service provider for our role in delivering the technology and services to the bank partner to facilitate origination
and servicing of loans throughout each loan s lifecycle. FlexShopper s bank partners hold loans originated on our platform.
FlexShopper acquires participation rights in such loans ranging from 95 to 100 of the loan. FlexShopper is able to repurpose its technology
as well as marketing, underwriting and servicing experience gained from the LTO business to facilitate bank partner originations. In 2022,
FlexShopper purchased 31 million in participations, and recognized 15 million in interest income in 2022. 

In late 2022, FlexShopper purchased the assets of Revolution Financial,
Inc. Revolution ). This purchase facilitated the creation of a direct origination model for consumers in 11 states. In the
direct origination model, applicants who apply and obtain a loan through our platform are underwritten, approved, and funded directly
by FlexShopper. Also acquired in the purchase were 22 leases for Revolution operated stores, as well as program agreements with 78 additional
brick and mortar locations that share net revenue of the loans originated in those locations. In addition, we entered into an agreement
to be the exclusive provider of non-prime loans to consumers in Liberty Tax corporate and franchisee locations nationwide. FlexShopper
also purchased a portfolio of current customers and information on previous customers in order to market consumer products. FlexShopper
is able to repurpose its technology, as well as marketing, underwriting and servicing experience gained from the LTO, business to facilitate
loan originations in these locations. 

Summary
of Critical Accounting Policies 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to credit provisions, intangible assets,
contingencies, litigation, fair value of loan receivables and income taxes. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical
experience as well as various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management believes the following critical accounting
policies, among others, reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Lease Receivables and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts - FlexShopper seeks to collect amounts owed under its leases from each customer on a weekly or biweekly basis by charging
their bank accounts or credit cards. Lease receivables are principally comprised of lease payments currently owed to FlexShopper which
are past due, as FlexShopper has been unable to successfully collect in the manner described above. An allowance for doubtful accounts
is estimated primarily based upon historical collection experience that considers both the aging of the lease and the origination channel.
Other qualitative factors are considered in estimating the allowance, such as seasonality, underwriting changes and other business trends.
The lease receivables balances consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Lease receivables 
 48,618,843 
 53,176,432 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (13,078,800 
 (27,703,278 
 
 Lease receivables, net 
 35,540,043 
 25,473,154 

The allowance is a significant percentage of the
balance because FlexShopper does not charge off any customer account until it has exhausted all collection efforts with respect to each
account, including attempts to repossess items. Lease receivables balances charged off against the allowance were 72,044,958 for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 34,777,881 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Beginning balance 
 27,703,278 
 22,138,541 
 
 Provision 
 57,420,480 
 40,342,618 
 
 Accounts written off 
 (72,044,958 
 (34,777,881 
 
 Ending balance 
 13,078,800 
 27,703,278 

20 

Loan receivables at fair value The
Company elected the fair value option on its entire loan receivables portfolio. As such, loan receivables are carried at fair value on
the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded on the consolidated statements of operations. Accrued and unpaid interest
and fees are included in loan receivables at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. Management believes the reporting of these
receivables at fair value more closely approximates the true economics of the loan receivables. 

Interest and fees are discontinued when loans
receivable become contractually 120 or more days past due. The Company charges-off loans at the earlier of when the loans are determined
to be uncollectible or when the loans are 120 days contractually past due. Recoveries on loan receivables that were previously charged
off are recognized when cash is received. Changes in the fair value of loan receivables include the impact of current period charge offs
associated with these receivables. 

The Company estimates the fair value of the loan
receivables using a discounted cash flow analysis at an individual loan level to more accurately predict future payments. The Company
adjusts expected cash flows for estimated losses and servicing costs over the estimated duration of the underlying assets. These adjustments
are determined using historical data and include appropriate consideration of recent trends and anticipated future performance. Future
cash flows are discounted using a rate of return that the Company believes a market participant would require. Model results may be adjusted
by management if the Company does not believe the output reflects the fair value of the instrument, as defined under U.S. GAAP. The models
are updated at each measurement date to capture any changes in internal factors such as nature, term, volume, payment trends,
remaining time to maturity, and portfolio mix, as well as changes in underwriting or observed trends expected to impact future performance. 

In the bank partner origination model, applicants apply and are underwritten
through our online platform and the loan is originated and funded by the bank partner. We manage many aspects of the loan life cycle on
behalf of our bank partner, including customer acquisition, underwriting and loan servicing. The bank partner uses their own capital to
originate loans. FlexShopper s bank partner holds loans originated on our platform. FlexShopper acquires participation rights in
such loans ranging from 95 to 100 of the loan. Loan revenues and fees is representative of the Company s portion of participation
in the loans. 

21 

Key
Performance Metrics 

We
regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify
trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. Key performance metrics for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Gross Profit: 

Gross lease billings and fees 
 154,535,446 
 164,848,050 
 (10,312,604 
 (6.3 
 
 Provision for doubtful accounts 
 (57,420,480 
 (40,342,618 
 (17,077,862 
 42.3 
 
 Gain on sale of lease receivables 
 8,821,106 
 - 
 8,821,106 

Net lease billing and fees 
 105,936,072 
 124,505,432 
 (18,569,360 
 (14.9 
 
 Loan revenues and fees 
 16,680,080 
 672,340 
 16,007,740 
 2,380.9 
 
 Net changes in the fair value of loan receivables 
 (9,559,979 
 248,984 
 (9,808,963 
 (3,939.6 
 
 Net loan revenues 
 7,120,101 
 921,324 
 6,198,777 
 672.8 
 
 Total revenues 
 113,056,173 
 125,426,756 
 (12,370,583 
 (9.9 
 
 Depreciation and impairment of lease merchandise

(72,556,431 
 (78,669,393 
 6,112,962 
 (7.8 
 
 Loans origination costs and fees 
 (3,384,013 
 (508,493 
 (2,875,520 
 565.5 
 
 Gross profit 
 37,115,729 
 46,248,870 
 (9,133,141 
 (19.7 
 
 Gross profit margin 
 33 
 37 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA: 

Net income 
 13,631,719 
 3,272,774 
 10,358,945 
 316.5 
 
 Income taxes 
 (16,635,051 
 785,310 
 (17,420,361 
 (2,218.3 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 228,843 
 220,816 
 8,027 
 3.6 
 
 Other amortization and depreciation 
 4,769,614 
 2,875,902 
 1,893,712 
 65.8 
 
 Interest expense 
 10,932,553 
 5,017,744 
 5,914,809 
 117.9 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 997,830 
 1,125,819 
 (127,989 
 (11.4 
 
 Product/infrastructure expenses 
 - 
 10,000 
 (10,000 

Gain on debt extinguishment 
 - 
 (1,931,825 
 1,931,825 

Gain on bargain purchase 
 (14,461,274 
 - 
 (14,461,274 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 (535,766 
 11,376,540 
 (11,912,306 
 (104.7 

We
refer to Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA in the above tables as we use these measures to evaluate our operating performance and make
strategic decisions about the Company. Management believes that Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA provide relevant and useful information
which is widely used by analysts, investors and competitors in our industry in assessing performance. 

Gross Profit represents GAAP revenue less depreciation
and impairment of lease merchandise and loans originations costs and fees. Gross Profit provides us with an understanding of the results
from the primary operations of our business. We use Gross Profit to evaluate our period-over-period operating performance. This measure
may be useful to an investor in evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business. 

Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before
interest, stock-based compensation, taxes, depreciation (other than depreciation of leased merchandise), amortization and one-time or
non-recurring items. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides us with an understanding of one aspect of earnings before the impact of
investing and financing charges and income taxes. Adjusted EBITDA may be useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance
and liquidity because this measure: 

is widely used by investors
 to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items excluded from the calculation of such measure, which can
 vary substantially from company to company. 

is a financial measurement
 that is used by rating agencies, lenders and other parties to evaluate our credit worthiness; and 

is used by our management
 for various purposes, including as a measure of performance and as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting. 

Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure of
FlexShopper s performance that is neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered
as substitutes for GAAP metrics such as operating income/ (loss), net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance
with GAAP. 

22 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table details operating results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Gross lease billings and fees 
 154,535,446 
 164,848,050 
 (10,312,604 
 (6.3 
 
 Provision for doubtful accounts 
 (57,420,480 
 (40,342,618 
 (17,077,862 
 42.3 
 
 Gain on sale of lease receivables 
 8,821,106 
 - 
 8,821,106 

Net lease billing and fees 
 105,936,072 
 124,505,432 
 (18,569,360 
 (14.9 
 
 Loan revenues and fees 
 16,680,080 
 672,340 
 16,007,740 
 2,380.9 
 
 Net changes in the fair value of loan receivables 
 (9,559,979 
 248,984 
 (9,808,963 
 (3,939.6 
 
 Net loan revenues 
 7,120,101 
 921,324 
 6,198,777 
 672.8 
 
 Total revenues 
 113,056,173 
 125,426,756 
 (12,370,583 
 (9.9 
 
 Depreciation and impairment of lease merchandise 
 (72,556,431 
 (78,669,393 
 6,112,962 
 7.8 
 
 Loans origination costs and fees 
 (3,384,013 
 (508,493 
 (2,875,520 
 (565.5 
 
 Marketing 
 (11,031,695 
 (9,129,062 
 (1,902,633 
 (20.8 
 
 Salaries and benefits 
 (10,991,477 
 (11,489,208 
 497,731 
 4.3 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 (21,395,767 
 (18,265,781 
 (3,129,986 
 (17.1 
 
 Operating (loss)/income 
 (6,303,210 
 7,364,819 
 (13,668,029 
 (185.6 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of Debt 
 - 
 1,931,825 
 (1,931,825 

Gain on bargain purchase 
 14,461,274 
 - 
 14,461,274 

Interest expense including amortization of debt issuance costs 
 (11,161,396 
 (5,238,560 
 (5,922,836 
 113.1 
 
 Income taxes 
 16,635,051 
 (785,310 
 17,420,361 
 (2,218.3 
 
 Net income 
 13,631,719 
 3,272,774 
 10,358,945 
 316.5 

FlexShopper originated 128,100 gross leases less same day modifications
and cancellations with an average origination value of 586 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 159,217 gross leases
less same day modifications and cancellations with an average origination value of 524 for the comparable period last year. Net lease
revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 105,936,072 compared to 124,505,432 for twelve months ended December 31,
2021, representing a decrease of 18,569,360 or 14.9 . In the year 2022, the average origination value per lease was higher compared to
the year 2021 but volume has decreased due to tightening of approval rates and due to allocation of marketing resources to loan originations.
The provision for doubtful accounts relative to gross lease billings and fees were 37 and 24 for twelve months ending December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Due to favorable market conditions, at the end of June 2022 FlexShopper signed an agreement with a third party
to sell leases in default that were fully mature. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, FlexShopper sold leases in default that
were fully mature for 9,227,937 and paid fees for 406,831 over that sale, which generated a gain on sale of lease receivables of 8,821,106. 

Net loan revenues for twelve months ended December
31, 2022 for the bank partner loan model were 5,262,000 compared to 921,324 for twelve months ended December 31, 2021, representing
an increase of 4,340,676 or 471 . In 2021, we began a test for an unsecured consumer loan product with our bank partner. Our bank
partner originated 26,209 loans at an average loan value of 1,235 for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3,247 loans
at an average loan value of 1,165 for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Our bank partner sold to the Company a participation interest
for each loan originated in those periods. In 2022, based upon the success of this testing, we expanded the program. 

Net loan revenues for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 for our state license loan model were 1,858,101 with no prior revenue for 2021 as the Company acquired this business
at the end of 2022. For the state license loan model, the Company originated 13,114 loans at an average loan value of 420.87 in the year
ending December 31, 2022. 

Depreciation and impairment of lease merchandise for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022 was 72,556,431 compared to 78,669,393 for twelve months ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of
 6,112,962 or 7.8 . As the Company s lease portfolio and revenues decrease, the depreciation associated with the lease portfolio
also decrease. Asset level performance within the portfolio, as well as the mix of early paid off leases, will alter the average depreciable
term of the leases within the portfolio and result in increases or decreases in depreciation and impairment of lease merchandise relative
to lease revenue. 

Loans origination cost and fees for twelve months
ended December 31, 2022 was 3,384,013 compared to 508,493 for twelve months ended Decembers 31, 2021, representing an increase of 2,875,520
or 565.5 . Loan origination cost and fees is correlated to the volume and dollar amount of loan products. 

Marketing expenses in twelve months ended December
31, 2022 were 11,031,695 compared to 9,129,062 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,902,633 or 20.8 . Marketing
expenses related to loans in twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 4,691,350 compared to 550,285 in twelve months ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 4,141,065 or 752.5 . The increase is related to the marketing of consumer loans. Marketing expenses related
to leases in twelve months ended December 31, 2022, were 6,340,345 compared to 8,578,777 in twelve months ended December 31, 2021, a
decrease of 2,238,432 or 26.1 . The decrease is related to allocating marketing spend to loan originations. 

Salaries and benefits expense in twelve months
ended December 31, 2022 were 10,991,477 compared to 11,489,208 in twelve months ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 497,731 or 4.3 .
Generally, the salary and benefits expense should directionally move with the change in lease and loans originations and the overall size
of the portfolios albeit at a slower rate. 

23 

Other
operating expenses for the years ended December 30, 2022 and 2021 included the following: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Amortization and depreciation 
 4,769,614 
 2,875,902 
 
 Computer and internet expenses 
 4,648,892 
 3,329,532 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 4,124,832 
 3,221,667 
 
 Merchant bank fees 
 1,916,994 
 2,472,489 
 
 Customer verification expenses 
 869,474 
 1,991,111 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 997,830 
 1,125,819 
 
 Insurance expense 
 611,995 
 542,620 
 
 Office and telephone expense 
 1,413,183 
 918,374 
 
 Rent expense 
 772,985 
 670,951 
 
 Advertising and recruiting fees 
 602,392 
 386,526 
 
 Travel expense 
 503,650 
 357,838 
 
 Other 
 163,926 
 372,952 
 
 Total 
 21,395,767 
 18,265,781 

Amortization and depreciation expenses in the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 4,769,614 compared to 2,875,902 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, representing
an increase of 1,893,712 or 65.8 . The majority of the increase is related to the amortization of capitalized software costs due to the
preparation for new products offered by the Company and the amortization of the intangible assets acquired in the Revolution Transaction
(See Note 14 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements). The rest of the increase is related to the amortization of capitalized
of data not directly used in underwriting decisions and that are probable that they will provide future economic benefit. 

Computer and internet expenses in the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 were 4,648,892 compared to 3,329,532 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 1,319,360 or
39.6 . A significant portion of computer and internet expense is related to scaling both the consumer facing website and the Company s
back-end billing and collection systems. Also, some of these expenses are related to expanding the IT infrastructure in preparation for
new products offered by the company. 

Merchant bank fees expenses in the twelve months ended December 31,
2022 were 1,916,994 compared to 2,472,489 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 555,495 or 22.5 .
Merchant bank fee expense represents the ACH and card processing fees related to billing consumers and therefore a decrease in gross lease
billings and fees and a more efficient collection process is the main driver for the decrease in merchant bank fees. 

Customer verification expenses in the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 were 869,474 compared to 1,991,111 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 1,121,637 or 56.3 .
Customer verification expense is primarily the cost of data used for underwriting new lease and loan applicants. During the third quarter
of 2021, several changes including the implementation of a more disciplined process around data procurement and storage were made by the
Company. Those improvements triggered a change in the estimate of the probability of future economic benefit of a portion of the data
cost. As a result of this change in the estimate regarding the portion of data costs incurred that are not directly used in underwriting
decisions and that are probable that they will provide future economic benefit, the Company capitalized 1,640,883 of data costs in the
year ended December 31, 2022. The underwriting and data science team continues to optimize the costs related to underwriting lease and
loan applications. 

Gain on bargain purchase in the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022 was 14,461,274 compared to zero in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 14,461,274. This
gain is related to the acquisition of the material net assets of Revolution Financial, Inc business in the last quarter of 2022, where
the fair value of the net assets acquired exceed the fair value of the purchase price consideration. 

Income taxes in the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 were 16,635,051 (benefit) compared to 785,310 (expense) in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 17,420,361
or 2,218.3 . The variation was mainly due to the release of the 12.5 million valuation allowance of the Company s deferred tax
asset during the second quarter of 2022 as well as the taxable loss incurred in 2022. 

24 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash
and restricted cash of 6,173,349 compared to 5,094,642 as of December 31, 2021. The increase in cash from December 31, 2021 was primarily
due to the proceeds from a loan payable under the Credit Agreement, to the proceeds from a promissory notes with related parties and from
cash acquired in the Revolution Transaction (see Note 14 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements) offset by increases in
lease receivables and loans receivables at fair value. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had lease receivables of 48,618,843 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of 13,078,800 totaling 35,540,043. Lease receivables
are principally comprised of past due lease payments owed to the Company. An allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated based upon historical
collection and delinquency percentages. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had loan
receivables at fair value of 32,932,504 which is measured at fair value. The Company primarily estimates the fair value of its loan receivables
using a discounted cash flow model. 

Credit
Agreement 

On
March 6, 2015, FlexShopper, through a wholly-owned subsidiary (the Borrower ), entered into a credit agreement (as amended
from time to time and including the Fee Letter (as defined therein), the Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association as paying agent, various lenders from time to time party thereto and WE 2014-1, LLC, an affiliate of Waterfall Asset Management,
LLC, as administrative agent and lender (the Lender ). The Borrower is permitted to borrow funds under the Credit Agreement
based on FlexShopper s recently collected payments and the Amortized Order Value of its Eligible Leases (as such terms are defined
in the Credit Agreement) less certain deductions described in the Credit Agreement. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, subject
to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Borrower may currently borrow up to 82,500,000 from the Lender until the Commitment Termination
Date and must repay all borrowed amounts one year thereafter, on the date that is 12 months following the Commitment Termination Date
(unless such amounts become due or payable on an earlier date pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement). On January 29, 2021, pursuant
to an amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Commitment Termination Date was extended to April 1, 2024, the Lender was granted a security
interest in certain leases as collateral under the Credit Agreement and the interest rate charged on amounts borrowed was set at LIBOR
plus 11 per annum. 

The
Credit Agreement provides that FlexShopper may not incur additional indebtedness (other than expressly permitted indebtedness) without
the permission of the Lender and also prohibits dividends on common stock. Additionally, the Credit Agreement includes covenants requiring
FlexShopper to maintain a minimum amount of Equity Book Value, maintain a minimum amount of cash and liquidity and maintain a certain
ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Equity Book Value (each capitalized term, as defined in the Credit Agreement). Upon a Permitted Change
of Control (as defined in the Credit Agreement), FlexShopper may refinance the debt under the Credit Agreement, subject to the payment
of an early termination fee. 

25 

In
addition, the Lender and its affiliates have a right of first refusal on certain FlexShopper transactions involving leases or other financial
products. The Credit Agreement includes customary events of default, including, among others, failures to make payment of principal and
interest, breaches or defaults under the terms of the Credit Agreement and related agreements entered into with the Lender, breaches
of representations, warranties or certifications made by or on behalf of the Borrower in the Credit Agreement and related documents (including
certain financial and expense covenants), deficiencies in the borrowing base, certain judgments against the Borrower and bankruptcy events. 

The Company borrowed under the Credit Agreement
 36,455,000 for twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 19,850,000 for twelve ended December 31, 2021. The Company repaid under the
Credit Agreement 5,730,000 for twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 6,575,000 for twelve ended December 31, 2021. 

Effective
September 27, 2022, WE 2014-1, LLC assigned 100 of its Commitments and all Loans to Powerscourt Investments 32, LP, an affiliate of
Waterfall Asset Management, LLC. 

On
October 21, 2022, pursuant to Amendment No. 16 to the Credit Agreement between FlexShopper 2, LLC, as borrower, and Powerscourt Investments
32, LP, as administrative agent and lender, the Commitment Amount was increased to be up to 110,000,000. This amendment also replaced
LIBOR references in the Credit Agreement with SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate), as the basis for our interest payments under the
Credit Agreement. No other changes were made to the Credit Agreement. 

Since October 2022, the Company has been entering
into Interest Rate Cap Agreements with AXOS bank, a financial institution not related with the Lender of the Credit Agreement. These agreements
cap the variable portion (one month SOFR) of the Credit Agreement interest rate to 4 , which reduced the Company s exposure to additional
increases in interest rates. 

Financing
Activity 

On January 25, 2019, FlexShopper, LLC (the Borrower entered into a subordinated debt financing letter agreement with 122 Partners, LLC, as lender, pursuant to which FlexShopper, LLC issued
a subordinated promissory note to 122 Partners, LLC (the 122 Partners Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000. H. Russell
Heiser, Jr., FlexShopper s Chief Financial Officer, is a member of 122 Partners, LLC. Payment of the principal amount and accrued
interest under the 122 Partners Note was due and payable by the borrower on April 30, 2020 and the borrower can prepay principal and interest
at any time without penalty. At December 31, 2022, amounts outstanding under the 122 Partners Note bear interest at a rate of 20.45 .
Obligations under the 122 Partners Note are subordinated to obligations under the Credit Agreement. The 122 Partners Note is subject to
customary representations and warranties and events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Borrower may be required
to repay all amounts outstanding under the 122 Partners Note. Obligations under the 122 Partners Note are secured by substantially all
of the Borrower s assets, subject to the senior rights of the lenders under the Credit Agreement. On April 30, 2020, pursuant to
an amendment to the subordinated debt financing letter agreement, the Borrower and 122 Partners, LLC agreed to extend the maturity date
of the 122 Partners Note to April 30, 2021. On March 22, 2021, FlexShopper, LLC executed a second amendment to the 122 Partners Note such
that the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note was extended to April 1, 2022. On March 31, 2022, FlexShopper, LLC executed a third amendment
to the 122 Partners Note such that the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note was extended to April 1, 2023. On March 30, 2023, FlexShopper,
LLC executed a fourth amendment to the 122 Partners Note such that the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note was extended from April
1, 2023 to October 1, 2023. No other changes were made to the 122 Partners Note. As of December 31, 2022, 1,017,826 of principal and
accrued and unpaid interest was outstanding on the 122 Partners Note. 

The Borrower previously entered into letter agreements
with NRNS Capital Holdings LLC NRNS ), the manager of which is the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, pursuant
to which the Borrower issued subordinated promissory notes to NRNS (the NRNS Note in the total principal amount of 3,750,000.
Payment of principal and accrued interest under the NRNS Note was due and payable by the Borrower on June 30, 2021 and FlexShopper, LLC
can prepay principal and interest at any time without penalty. At December 31, 2022, amounts outstanding under the NRNS Note bear interest
at a rate of 20.45 . Obligations under the NRNS Note are subordinated to obligations under the Credit Agreement. The NRNS Note is subject
to customary representations and warranties and events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Borrower may be
required to repay all amounts outstanding under the NRNS Note. Obligations under the NRNS Note is secured by substantially all of the
Borrower s assets, subject to rights of the lenders under the Credit Agreement. On March 22, 2021, FlexShopper, LLC executed an
amendment to the NRNS Note such that the maturity date was extended to April 1, 2022. On February 2, 2022, FlexShopper LLC executed another
amendment to the NRNS Note. This last amendment extended the maturity date from April 1, 2022 to July 1, 2024 and increased the credit
commitment from 3,750,000 to 11,000,000. No other changes were made to the NRNS Note. As of December 31, 2022, 10,941,629 of principal
and accrued and unpaid interest was outstanding on the NRNS Note. 

On June 21, 2021 we were notified that effective
April 7, 2021, the U.S. Small Business Administration confirmed the waiver of FlexShopper s repayment of a 1,914,000 Paycheck Protection
Program PPP promissory note issued to the Company on May 4, 2020. As a result of the PPP promissory note forgiveness,
the Company recognized in the year ending December 31, 2021, a gain from the extinguishment of the loan, including accrued interest, of
 1,931,825. 

26 

Cash
Flow Summary 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 31,236,936
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was primarily due to the purchases of leased merchandise, participation in loans, the change
in lease receivable and change in deferred income tax partially offset by the add back of provision for doubtful accounts and the add
back of depreciation and impairment on leased merchandise. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 11,256,031
for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was primarily due to the purchases of leased merchandise and the change in lease receivable,
partially offset by the add back of provision for doubtful accounts and the add back of depreciation and impairment on leased merchandise. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities
was 5,200,645 comprised of the use of 1,257,678 for the purchase of property and equipment, 5,240,437 of capitalized software costs,
and 1,640,885 of data costs. This was offset by the acquisition of 2,938,355 of cash in a business combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash
used in investing activities was 4,949,544 comprised of 1,248,445 for the purchase of property and equipment, 2,816,939 for capitalized
software costs and 884,160 for data costs. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 37,516,288 for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to the funds drawn on the Credit Agreement of 36,455,000 and 7,000,00
from proceeds of promissory note offset by repayments of amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement of 5,730,000. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 12,758,985 for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the funds drawn on the Credit
Agreement of 19,850,000, offset by repayments of amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement of 6,575,000. 

Capital
Resources and Financial Condition 

To date, funds derived from the sale of FlexShopper s
common stock, warrants, Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock and Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock, proceeds from promissory notes
to related parties and the Company s ability to borrow funds against the lease and loan portfolio have provided the liquidity and
capital resources necessary to fund its operations. 

Management believes that liquidity needs for future growth through
at least the next 12 months can be met by cash flow from operations generated by the existing portfolio and/or additional borrowings against
the Credit Agreement (see Note 7). 

Financial
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 

As of April 24, 2023, the Company is not experiencing any material
impact from the COVID-19 Pandemic. However, our business has been, and may in the future be, impacted by COVID-19 or any similar pandemic
or health crisis, and this could affect our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flow in the future. 

27 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . 

The
information required by Item 7A is not required to be provided by issuers that satisfy the definition of smaller reporting company 
under SEC rules. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Our Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm is Grant Thornton LLP (PCAOB ID: 

The
reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules are set forth beginning
on F-1. 

28 

FLEXSHOPPER, INC. 

CONTENTS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 PAGE 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 248) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 274) 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Flexshopper Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of FlexShopper, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical audit matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts on Lease Receivables 

As described further in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company records an allowance on lease receivables with a corresponding reduction to lease revenue and fees.
The Company determines the amount of allowance to recognize based upon historical and current customer collections as a portion of its
gross customer billings. 

The principal consideration for our determination
that the allowance on lease receivables is a critical audit matter is the high degree of subjectivity that is involved in evaluating the
reasonableness of management s estimate, including collection rate assumptions used in the allowance model that derive the expected
future customer payments. 

Our audit procedures related to the allowance
for doubtful accounts on lease receivables included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of management s process and evaluated the design of controls related
to the allowance model, including controls over the completeness and accuracy of information used in the model and management review controls
over the model. 

We assessed the reasonableness of the methodology used by management to determine the allowance. 

We sampled leases and tested the underlying data including the lease amount, lease aging, completeness
and accuracy of the application of lease payments during 2022. 

We recomputed historical collection rates and the allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Loan Receivables at Fair Value 

As described further in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company records its loan receivables at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in fair value recognized
as a component of loan revenues and fees. The Company determines the fair value of loan receivables using a discounted cash flow model
based on the estimated amount and timing of expected future cash flows. 

The principal consideration for our determination
that the fair value measurement of loan receivables is a critical audit matter is the high degree of subjectivity that is involved in
evaluating the reasonableness of management s estimate, including the discount rate, prepayment rate, default rate and loss severity
assumptions. 

Our audit procedures related to the fair value
measurement of loan receivables included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of management s process and evaluated the design of controls related
to the loan receivables valuation model, including controls over the completeness and accuracy of information used in the model and management
review controls over the model. 

We confirmed loan balances with the third-party loan servicer. 

We sampled loans and tested the underlying data including the completeness and accuracy of loan classification
based on customer payment history. 

With the assistance of an internal specialist, we independently determined the fair value measurement
of loan receivables as of December 31, 2022 and compared it to management s fair value measurement for reasonableness. 

F- 3 

Business Combination- Valuation of acquired
identifiable intangible assets 

As discussed in Note 14 to the consolidated financial
statements, in December 2022, the Company closed a transaction pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. In consideration for the purchase
of the net assets, the Company issued an adjustable promissory note primarily in return for a portfolio of consumer loans, the assumption
of the credit facility financing the consumer loans, intangible assets and cash. The Company recorded a bargain purchase gain as a result
of the transaction as the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeds the fair value of the purchase price consideration. We identified
the valuation of the identifiable intangible assets to be a critical audit matter as the accounting estimates are subject to a high level
of estimation. There is inherent uncertainty and subjectivity related to management s judgments and assumptions regarding the future
cash flows generated from the assets acquired. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that the valuation of acquired intangible assets is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining
assumptions used in the fair value measurement of acquired identifiable intangible assets, (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment and
subjectivity in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions relating to the projected forecasted information
including revenue growth, discount rate and customer attrition rate and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with
specialized skill and knowledge. 

Our audit procedures related to the fair value
measurement of the identifiable intangible assets included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of management s process and evaluated the design of controls related
to the identifiable intangible asset valuation models, including controls over the completeness and accuracy of information used in the
models and management review controls over the models. 

With the assistance of an internal specialist, we assessed the assumptions and methodologies used in
 developing the discount rate by developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the rates selected by
 management. 

We tested the projected financial information including forecasted revenue growth by assessing the reasonableness
of management s forecasts compared to historical results and forecasted industry trends. 

Income Taxes 

As discussed in Note 2 and Note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax asset when a judgment is made, that is considered
more likely than not, that a tax benefit will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax asset is dependent upon the
generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences will become deductible. The Company assesses
the need for a valuation allowance by evaluating both positive and negative evidence that exists. We identified the realizability of the
federal deferred tax asset to be a critical audit matter. 

The principal consideration for our determination
that the realizability of the deferred tax asset is a critical audit matter is that the forecast of future taxable income is an accounting
estimate subject to a high level of estimation. There is inherent uncertainty and subjectivity related to management s judgments
and assumptions regarding the Company s future financial performance which is complex in nature and requires significant auditor
judgment. 

Our audit procedures related to the realizability
of the federal deferred tax asset included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of management s process and evaluated the design of controls related
to the realizability of the federal deferred tax asset. 

With the assistance of an internal specialist, we reviewed the valuation models for reasonableness and
tested the assessment of the realizability of the federal deferred tax asset, including testing the earnings projections, testing the
calculations related to the potential limitation of tax attributes, and testing the schedule of reversing temporary differences 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

April 24, 2023 

F- 4 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

FlexShopper, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of FlexShopper Inc., and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the year then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
from 2014 to 2022. 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

March 30, 2022 

F- 5 

FLEXSHOPPER, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Lease receivables, net 

Loan receivables at fair value 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Lease merchandise, net 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets, net 

Deferred tax asset, net 
 
 -

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and related taxes 

Promissory notes to related parties, net of at 2022 and at 2021 of unamortized issuance costs, including accrued interest 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability - current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Loan payable under credit agreement to beneficial shareholder, net of at 2022 and at 2021 of unamortized issuance costs 

Promissory notes to related parties, net of current portion 

Promissory note related to acquisition, net of discount at 2022 
 
 -

Purchase consideration payable related to acquisition 
 
 -

Deferred income tax liability 
 - 

Lease liabilities net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value - authorized shares, issued and outstanding shares at stated value 

Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value - authorized shares, issued and outstanding shares at stated value 

Common stock, par value- authorized shares, issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 6 

FLEXSHOPPER, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Lease revenues and fees, net 

Loan revenues and fees, net of changes in fair value 

Total revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Depreciation and impairment of lease merchandise 

Loan origination costs and fees 

Marketing 

Salaries and benefits 

Operating expenses 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating (loss)/ income 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Gain on bargain purchase 
 
 -

Interest expense including amortization of debt issuance costs 

(Loss)/income before income taxes 

Benefit /(expense) from income taxes 

Net income 

Dividends on Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares 

Net income attributable to common and Series 1 Convertible Preferred shareholders 

Basic and diluted income per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 7 

FLEXSHOPPER, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 

Provision for compensation expense related to stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Issuance of warrants in connection with consulting agreements 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Exercise of stock options into common stock 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Provision for compensation expense related to stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Exercise of stock options into common stock 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 8 

FLEXSHOPPER, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and impairment of lease merchandise 

Other depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Amortization of discount on the promissory note related to acquisition 
 
 -

Compensation expense related to stock-based compensation and warrants 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Gain on sale of lease receivables 
 
 -

Interest in kind added to promissory notes balance 

Deferred income tax 

Gain on debt extinguishment 
 -

Gain on bargain purchase 
 
 -

Net changes in the fair value of loan receivables at fair value 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisition: 

Lease receivables 

Loan receivables at fair value 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Lease merchandise 

Security deposits 

Purchase consideration payable related to acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and related taxes 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash acquired in business combination 
 
 -

Purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized software costs 

Purchases of data costs 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from loan payable under credit agreement 

Repayment of loan payable under credit agreement 

Debt issuance related costs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from promissory notes to related parties 
 
 -

Principal payment under finance lease obligation 

Repayment of purchase consideration payable related to acquisition 
 
 -

Repayment of installment loan 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH and RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH and RESTRICTED CASH, beginning of period 

CASH and RESTRICTED CASH, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Noncash investing and financing activities 

Acquisition of loan receivables at fair value 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of purchase consideration payable related to acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of deferred tax liability 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of promissory note related to acquisition 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 9 

FLEXSHOPPER, INC. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the year ended December
30, 2022 and 2021 

of FlexShopper, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company,
owns of FlexLending, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and owns of Flex Revolution, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company. The Company is a holding corporation with no operations except for those conducted by its subsidiaries FlexShopper, LLC, FlexLending,
LLC and Flex Revolution, LLC. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash 

F- 10 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Lease receivables, net 

for twelve
months ended December 31, 2022, and for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

Provision 

Accounts written off 

Ending balance 

Accumulated depreciation and impairment reserve 

Lease merchandise, net 

F- 11 

for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and a gain of for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Gain on sale of lease receivables 
 
 -

Lease revenues and fees 

F- 12 

for twelve months
ended December 31, 2022 and for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for twelve months ended December
31, 2021 

. 

for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

. Repairs and maintenance expenditures are expensed as incurred, unless such
expenses extend the useful life of the asset, in which case they are capitalized. Depreciation and amortization expense for property and
equipment was and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The Company wrote off
 of capitalized development costs in 2021. Capitalized software amortization expense was for twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 and twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Capitalized data costs amortization
expense was for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 13 

Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants 

Common Stock Options 

Common Stock Warrants 

Performance Share Units 
 
 -

F- 14 

Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock dividends 

Net income attributable to common and Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Net income attributable to Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock dividends attributable to Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Net income attributable to common shares - Numerator for basic and diluted EPS 

Denominator 

Weighted average of common shares outstanding- Denominator for basic EPS 

Effect of dilutive securities: 
 -

Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 -

Common stock options and performance share units 

Common stock warrants 

Adjusted weighted average of common shares outstanding and assumed conversions- Denominator diluted EPS 

Basic EPS 

Diluted EPS 

F- 15 

Promissory note related to acquisition 

- 

- 

F- 16 

Purchases of loan participation 

Obligation of loan participation 

Purchase of loan portfolio in Revolution Transaction 

- 

Loan originations 

- 

Interest and fees (1) 

Collections 

() 

() 
 
 Net charge off (1) 

() 

() 
 
 Net change in fair value (1) 

Ending balance 

Servicing costs 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Discount rate 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

(2) 

-

Unpaid principal balance of loan receivables that are 90 days or more past due 
 
 -

Aggregate fair value of loan receivables in non-accrual status 
 
 -

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As of December
31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had not recorded any unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalties related to liabilities for uncertain
tax positions will be charged to interest and operating expenses. 

F- 17 

per month. 

-month
lease with an option for one additional five-year term for square feet of office space in Boca Raton, FL to accommodate FlexShopper s
business and its employees. The monthly rent for this space is approximately with annual percent increases throughout the
initial 108-month lease term beginning on the anniversary of the commencement date. 

. This lease is accounted
for under the practical expedient for leases with initial terms for 12 months or less, and as such no related right of use asset or liability
was recorded. 

F- 18 

Finance Lease Asset 

Total Lease Assets 

Liabilities 

Operating Lease Liability current portion 

Finance Lease Liability current portion 

Operating Lease Liability net of current portion 

Finance Lease Liability net of current portion 

Total Lease Liabilities 

months
or less at commencement. 

Finance Leases 

and for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Cash payments for finance leases 

F- 19 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: interest 

() 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

2024 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: interest 

() 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

- years 

Website and internal use software 
 years 

Computers and software 
 - years 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

years 

() 

Franchisee contract-based agreements 
 
 years 

() 

Liberty Loan brand 
 
 years 

() 

Non-compete agreements 
 
 years 

() 

Non contractual customer relationships 
 
 years 

() 

Customer list 
 
 years 

() 

() 

years 

for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 20 

. H. Russell Heiser, Jr., FlexShopper s Chief Financial Officer, is a member of 122 Partners,
LLC. Payment of the principal amount and accrued interest under the 122 Partners Note was due and payable by the borrower on April 30,
2020 and the borrower can prepay principal and interest at any time without penalty. At December 31, 2022, amounts outstanding under the
122 Partners Note bear interest at a rate of . Obligations under the 122 Partners Note are subordinated to obligations under the
Credit Agreement. The 122 Partners Note is subject to customary representations and warranties and events of default. If an event of default
occurs and is continuing, the Borrower may be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the 122 Partners Note. Obligations under
the 122 Partners Note are secured by substantially all of the Borrower s assets, subject to the senior rights of the lenders under
the Credit Agreement. On April 30, 2020, pursuant to an amendment to the subordinated debt financing letter agreement, the Borrower and
122 Partners, LLC agreed to extend the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note to April 30, 2021. On March 22, 2021, FlexShopper, LLC executed
a second amendment to the 122 Partners Note such that the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note was extended to April 1, 2022. On March
31, 2022, FlexShopper, LLC executed a third amendment to the 122 Partners Note such that the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note was
extended to April 1, 2023. On March 30, 2023, FlexShopper, LLC executed a fourth amendment to the 122 Partners Note such that the maturity
date of the 122 Partners Note was extended from April 1, 2023 to October 1, 2023. No other changes were made to the 122 Partners Note.
Principal and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding on the 122 Partners Note was as of December 31, 2022 and as
of December 31, 2021. 

and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. Payment of principal and accrued interest under the NRNS Note was due and payable by the
Borrower on June 30, 2021 and FlexShopper, LLC can prepay principal and interest at any time without penalty. At December 31, 2022, amounts
outstanding under the NRNS Note bear interest at a rate of . Obligations under the NRNS Note are subordinated to obligations under
the Credit Agreement. The NRNS Note is subject to customary representations and warranties and events of default. If an event of default
occurs and is continuing, the Borrower may be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the NRNS Note. Obligations under the NRNS
Note is secured by substantially all of the Borrower s assets, subject to rights of the lenders under the Credit Agreement. On March
22, 2021, FlexShopper, LLC executed an amendment to the NRNS Note such that the maturity date was extended to April 1, 2022. On February
2, 2022, FlexShopper LLC executed another amendment to the NRNS Note. No other changes were made to such NRNS Note. Principal
and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding on the NRNS Note was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31,
2021. 

and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 
 
 -

F- 21 

from the Lender until the Commitment Termination Date and must repay all borrowed
amounts one year thereafter, on the date that is 12 months following the Commitment Termination Date (unless such amounts become due or
payable on an earlier date pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement). The Lender was granted a security interest in certain leases
and loans as collateral under this Agreement. 

The interest rate charged on amounts
borrowed is LIBOR plus per annum. The Company paid the lender a fee of in consideration of the execution of this Omnibus
Amendment. At December 31, 2022, amounts borrowed bear interest at . 

. The incremental increase in the Commitment Amount was
provided by WE 2022-1, LLC, as an additional lender under the Credit Agreement. WE 2022-1, LLC is an affiliate of Waterfall Asset Management,
LLC. No other changes were made to the credit agreement. As of July 1, 2022, WE 2022-1, LLC assigned of its Commitment and all Loans
to WE 2014-1, LLC. Effective September 27, 2022, WE 2014-1, LLC assigned of its Commitments and all Loans to Powerscourt Investments
32, LP, an affiliate of Waterfall Asset Management, LLC. 

Liquidity greater than 

Cash greater than 

Consolidated Total Debt to Equity Book Value ratio not to exceed 

. This amendment also replaced LIBOR references in
the Credit Agreement with SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate), as the basis for our interest payments under the Credit Agreement.
No other changes were made to the Credit Agreement. 

for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022, respectively, and for the twelve ended December 31, 2021. The Company repaid under
the Credit Agreement and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the twelve ended December 31, 2021. 

for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The outstanding balance under
the Credit Agreement was as of December 31, 2022 and was as of December 31, 2021. Such amount is presented in
the consolidated balance sheets net of unamortized issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively. Interest is payable monthly on the outstanding balance of the amounts borrowed. No principal is expected to be repaid in
the next twelve months due to the Commitment Termination Date having been extended to April 1, 2024, or from reductions in the borrowing
base. Accordingly, all principal is shown as a non-current liability at December 31, 2022. 

, which reduce the Company s exposure to additional
increases in interest rates. 

F- 22 

shares
of par value preferred stock. Of this amount, shares have been designated as Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock and
 shares have been designated as Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company s Board of Directors determines the rights
and preferences of the Company s preferred stock. 

The holders of the Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock have the option to convert the shares to common stock at any time. Upon
conversion, all accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, will be paid as additional shares of common stock. The holders of Series 1
Convertible Preferred Stock have the same dividend rights as holders of common stock, as if the Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock
had been converted to common stock. 

shares of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock Series 2 Preferred Stock for gross proceeds of million. The Company sold an additional shares of Series 2 Preferred Stock to a different investor
for gross proceeds of million at a subsequent closing. 

per share (the Stated Value and accrue dividends on the Stated Value at an annual rate of compounded
annually. Cumulative accrued dividends as of December 31, 2022 totaled . As of December 31, 2022, each Series 2 Preferred Share
was convertible into approximately shares of common stock; however, the conversion rate is subject to further increase pursuant
to a weighted average anti-dilution provision. The holders of the Series 2 Preferred Stock have the option to convert such shares into
shares of common stock and have the right to vote with holders of common stock on an as-converted basis. If the average closing price
during any 45-day consecutive trading day period or change of control transaction values the common stock at a price equal to or greater
than per share, then conversion shall be automatic. Upon a Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event (each as defined), holders
of Series 2 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company prior to and in preference to the common stock
and Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock an amount equal to the greater of (1) the Stated Value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends
thereon, and (2) the amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series 2 Preferred Stock been converted to common stock
immediately before the Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event. 

F- 23 

shares of common stock, par value per share. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote at all stockholder meetings.
The common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FPAY. 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Public Warrants ). The warrants were listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under
the symbol FPAYW . 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per warrant to Mr. Heiser and NRNS in connection with
partial conversions of their promissory notes. 

warrants
to XLR8 Capital Partners LLC monthly for 12 months beginning on March 1, 2019 at an exercise price of per share or, if the closing
share price on the last day of the month exceeds 1.25, then such exercise price will be 110 of the closing share price. In February 2020, this agreement was extended
for an additional six months through August 31, 2020. On August 30, 2020, the parties entered into an amendment to the Consulting Agreement
to further extend the term for another six-month period through February 28, 2021. The Consulting Agreement automatically renewed for
one successive six-month period, therefore the new termination date was August 31, 2021. There are no additional automatic renewals. 

per share going forward, and the expiration
date of the warrants to the date that is following the last trading day of the calendar month relating to the applicable monthly
warrant issuance. 

based on a weighted average grant date fair value of per warrant. 

February 29, 2021 

March 31, 2021 

April 30, 2021 

May 31, 2021 

June 30, 2021 

July 31, 2021 

August 31, 2021 

F- 24 

shares of common stock 

F- 25 

shares remained available for issuance under
the 2018 Plan. 

Performance share units PSU 
 -
 
 -

Total stock-based compensation 

for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested options and PSU at December 31, 2022 amounted to , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of years. 

Expected life 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

F- 26 

Granted 

-

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

-

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Outstanding at January 1, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2021 

and per share, respectively. 

up to a maximum of of the target
awards depending on the specified terms and conditions of the target award. 

Forfeited/ unearned 
 -
 
 -

Vested 
 -
 
 -

Non- vested at December 31, 2022 

F- 27 

State tax, net of federal tax 

Tax impact on gain on bargain purchase 
 
 -

Permanent differences 

Change in statutory rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Benefit/ (expense) for income taxes 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Fixed assets 

Lease impairment 

Lease Liability 

Right of use asset 

Accrued expenses 
 
 -

Change in fair value of loans receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Tax credit carryforward 

Sec 163(j) carryforward 
 
 -

Federal loss carry-forwards 

State loss carry forward 

Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 - 

Gross deferred tax 

Valuation allowance 
 -

Net deferred tax assets/ liability 

million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

and , respectively available to offset future income. Our federal
loss carryforwards do not expire. The Company s net operating losses may be subject to annual Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code limitations due to ownership changes that could impact future realization. 

F- 28 

Deferred Income Tax: 

Federal 

State 
 
 -

primarily due to state income taxes, permanent differences
and the release of the valuation allowance. 

F- 29 

and renew for three successive one-year terms unless receipt
of written notices by the parties. The contracts provide that such management may earn discretionary cash bonuses and equity awards, based
on financial performance metrics defined each year by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. Additionally,
under certain termination conditions, such contracts provide for severance payments and other benefits. 

, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic
Security Act (the CARES Act ), which was enacted March 27, 2020, and administered through the U.S. Small Business Administration. 

The Note might be prepaid by the Borrower at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalty. Proceeds from the Loan were
available to the Borrower to fund designated expenses, including certain payroll costs, group health care benefits and other permitted
expenses, in accordance with the PPP. Under the terms of the PPP, up to the entire sum of the principal amount and accrued interest might
be forgiven to the extent the Loan proceeds were used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act and applicable implementing
guidance issued by the U.S. Small Business Administration under the PPP. 

F- 30 

Paycheck
Protection Program promissory note issued to the Company on May 4, 2020. 

. 

The fair value of the Seller Note as of the acquisition date was . The Seller Note is included
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the line Promissory note related to acquisition, net of discount at December 31, 2022. 

Loan receivables at fair value 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Total assets 

Purchase consideration payable related to acquisition 

Accounts payable 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Promissory note related to acquisition 

Purchase price consideration 

The fair value of the intangible assets was determined
primarily by using discounted cash flow models. The models use inputs including estimated cash flows and a discount rate. 

related to the Revolution Transaction as the fair value of the net assets acquired exceed the fair value of the purchase price
consideration. The Company believes that the most significant reason its management was able to negotiate a bargain purchase was due to
the speed with which the seller wanted to close this transaction which resulted in a non-competitive process akin to a forced sale. The
strong desire for a prior to year-end closing was for various reasons, including potential credit facility covenant issues and accelerating
operating losses after recent regulatory changes. 

F- 31 

Safe Harbor contributions of participants eligible earnings who have completed the plan s
eligibility requirements. The contributions are made to the plan on behalf of the employees. Total contributions to the plan were 
and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

per share for 30 consecutive business days, it no longer complies with the minimum bid price requirement for
continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price
of per share (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ), and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to
meet the Minimum Bid Price Requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. 

per share for
a minimum of ten consecutive business days during the 180 calendar day grace period. 

F- 32 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures,
as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act are properly recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the Commission s
rules and forms. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e),
as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
due to the material weaknesses described below. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. All control systems contain inherent limitations, no matter how well designed. As a result, our management acknowledges that its
internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weaknesses described
below. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The design and operating
effectiveness of our controls were inadequate to ensure that all complex accounting matters are properly accounted for and reviewed in
a timely manner. In connection with our December 31, 2022 financial statements, we identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting. This material weakness is due to a lack of effective controls over certain account analysis and accounting judgments
related to the complex and ambiguous concepts associated with business combination accounting. The business combination that led to the
material weakness is a unique, one-time transaction, where the initial intangible assets initially identified by the Company were not
accurate. 

Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses,
the Company believes the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management increased the use of external consultants
and is investigating expansion of the accounting department in its ongoing remediation efforts of the material weaknesses reported by
management in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other than the ongoing remediation efforts, there have
been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our independent auditors have not audited and
are not required to audit this assessment of our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. Other Information . 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent
Inspections . 

None 

29 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

INFORMATION CONCERNING DIRECTORS 

Set forth below is background
information for each current director, as well as information regarding additional experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that
led the Board of Directors to conclude that such director should serve on the Board. 

Howard S. Dvorkin 
has been a director since December 2018 and serves as the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Dvorkin is a serial entrepreneur, a two-time author,
personal finance expert and Chairman of Debt.com. He has focused his professional endeavors in the consumer finance, technology, media
and real estate industries. He has created successful businesses in these sectors including Debt.com, Financial Apps, Consolidated Credit,
Start Fresh Today and Lifestyle Magazines, among others. He has played an instrumental role in the drafting of both state and federal
legislation and was a consultant to the Board of Directors for the Association of Credit Counseling Professionals and the past president
of the Association of Independent Consumer Credit Counseling Agencies (AICCCA). Mr. Dvorkin dedicates time to the National Leadership
Council at American University, and the Kogod School of Business has inducted him into the prestigious 1923 Society at American University.
He graduated from the University of Miami with a Master s degree in Business Administration and received his Bachelor of Science
degree in Accounting from American University. He was listed in the Marquis Who s Who in the Finance Industry and was part of the
premier group of certified public accountants who are recognized with the Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) designation. Mr.
Dvorkin brings to the Board his extensive knowledge of financial, accounting and operational issues highly relevant to our company s
business. He also brings a proven track record growing successful businesses and a deep background in the consumer finance market. 

James D. Allen has
been a director since February 2016. He is currently Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Forestar Group, Inc.
(NYSE: FOR), positions he has held since March 2020. Prior to joining Forestar, he served as a Senior Operating Partner at Palm Beach
Capital, a private equity investment firm, from 2019 to March 2020. Prior to joining Palm Beach Capital, he served as CFO of Hollander
Sleep Products, a supplier of bedding products, from 2015 to 2018. He has also held a variety of executive roles at both private and public
companies, including Operating Vice President and Group CFO of Sun Capital Partners from 2003 to 2014, Chief Administrative Officer of
Mattress Firm Inc. and a variety of C-suite roles at Tandycrafts Inc. Mr. Allen began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (now PwC).
 Mr. Allen holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in accounting and management from Evangel University. Mr. Allen
brings to the Board proven leadership and management experience and a deep knowledge in audit and accounting matters that make him well
qualified to serve as an independent director and as a financial expert on the Board. 

Sean Hinze has
been a director since November 2018. Mr. Hinze is a Senior Vice President in the portfolio management group at PIMCO, focusing on special
situations and private equity investments, since 2013. Prior to joining PIMCO, he was an investment banker at Goldman Sachs, covering
the technology and financial sectors. He also served six years in the U.S. Army and Air Force, with his last assignment as a Captain and
combat adviser to the Iraqi Army. He has eight years of investment and financial services experience and holds an M.B.A. from the Anderson
School of Management at the University of California, Los Angeles, and an undergraduate degree in aerospace engineering from the University
of Texas at Austin. 

Mr. Hinze was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the Investor Rights Agreement, dated June 10, 2016 (the B2 FIE Investor Rights Agreement ), among our company, Brad Bernstein
and B2 FIE in connection with B2 FIE s purchase of our series 2 preferred stock. Pursuant to the B2 FIE Investor Rights Agreement,
so long as B2 FIE and its affiliate transferees ownership percentage of our outstanding common stock, determined on a fully-diluted
basis taking into account the conversion of all outstanding shares of series 1 preferred stock and series 2 preferred stock, exceeds 10 ,
B2 FIE will have the right to nominate one director to the Board. Mr. Hinze s extensive knowledge of capital markets and private
equity investing in particular makes him well qualified to be a member of the Board. 

30 

Thomas O. Katz has
been a director since July 2020. He is a member of the law firm of Katz Baskies Wolf PLLC, in Boca Raton, Florida, where he has
been in practice since July 2007, specializing in federal and state tax law. Mr. Katz s diverse tax practice includes expertise
in structuring business transactions. He received a B.S. degree in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
and a J.D. degree from Georgetown University Law Center. Mr. Katz has received numerous honors and recognition as a top tax lawyer in
Florida. He has also chaired and been a member of several boards of private foundations and public charities, and their finance and investment
committees. Mr. Katz is well qualified to serve as a director of our company due to his substantial knowledge and more than 30 years of
working experience in business transactions, as well as corporate controls and governance. 

T. Scott King has
been a director since November 2014. Mr. King is currently an independent consultant. From April to September 2014, Mr. King served as
interim Chief Executive Officer of Gordmans Stores, Inc., an Omaha, Nebraska-based apparel and home d cor retailer with approximately
100 stores. Mr. King also served as Chairman of the Board of Gordmans Stores, Inc. during that period. From 2003 through 2014, Mr. King
served as Senior Managing Director of Operations of Sun Capital Partners, a Boca Raton-based private equity firm. From 1999 to 2003, he
served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Waterlink Inc., an Ohio-based international provider of water and waste water solutions.
Prior to his tenure at Waterlink Inc., Mr. King was employed for approximately 20 years with Sherwin-Williams Company, an international
manufacturer and retailer of paint and coatings. Mr. King has previously served on the Board of Directors of The Limited, ShopKo, Furniture
Brands Inc. and Boston Market. He also served on the Board of Advisors of the State University of New York at Oswego School of Business,
where he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Business. Mr. King brings to the Board his financial and business experience, as well
as serving as a director on various boards of directors of public companies, making him a well-qualified candidate to serve on the Board. 

INFORMATION CONCERNING EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Set forth below is background information relating
to our executive officers: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 H. Russell Heiser Jr. 
 48 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 John Davis 
 53 
 Chief Operating Officer 

H. Russell Heiser Jr. was appointed
by the Company s Board of Director to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective March 20, 2023. Mr. Heiser has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since December 2015 and served as a consultant to the Company from July 2015 to December 2015.
As Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Heiser has demonstrated extensive knowledge of the Company s financial, accounting and
operational issues and has led its mergers and acquisitions, bank financings and capital market activities. He previously served as
an advisor to family offices in South Florida from 2008 to 2015. In this role, Mr. Heiser focused on venture capital and private
equity investments and was responsible for sourcing, financial analysis, transaction execution and management of portfolio companies
across a variety of sectors. From 2004 to 2008, Mr. Heiser was an Executive Director in the Investment Banking Division at UBS in
New York and, from 2001 to 2004, was an Associate in the Investment Banking Division at Bear, Stearns Co. in New York. Mr.
Heiser received his B.S. degree in Accounting from the University of Richmond and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Over the
course of his career, Mr. Heiser has earned both CPA and CFA designations. 

John Davis has served
as Chief Operating Officer since November 2020. From April 2020 to November 2020, Mr. Davis was a consultant to the company through
Woodlands Financial Advisory LLC in which he served as CEO. From May 2016 to March 2020, Mr. Davis served as President of Credit
and Collections and Chief Credit Officer with Conn s Homeplus, a specialty retailer that offers a selection of consumer goods in
addition to credit solutions for its core customers. Prior to Conn s, he served as Founder and CEO of GFC Advisors, Ltd., a consultancy
in the consumer credit industry, from 2013 to 2016. Prior to that, from 2011 to 2013, he was President of E-Commerce of DFC
Global Corp, an international specialty finance company. From 2010 to 2011, Mr. Davis was Managing Director of MEM Consumer Finance,
a specialty finance company based in the United Kingdom. Prior to that, from 2000 to 2010, he was Managing Director of Forecasting and
Risk Management with CompuCredit Corp. Mr. Davis holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Science from the University
of Delaware. 

31 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS 

Board Independence 

The Board of Directors has
determined that each of James D. Allen, Sean Hinze, Thomas O. Katz and T. Scott King is an independent director within the meaning of
the director independence standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. Further, the Board has determined that all the members of the Audit Committee,
Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are independent within the meaning of the director independence
standards of Nasdaq and the rules of the SEC applicable to each such committee. 

Board Leadership Structure 

We have a Chairman of the
Board who presides at all meetings of the Board. Mr. Dvorkin has served as the Chairman of the Board since January 2019. 

We have no formal policy
with respect to the separation of the offices of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Our Bylaws permit these positions
to be held by the same person, and the Board believes that it is in the best interests of our company to retain flexibility in determining
whether to separate or combine the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer based on our circumstances. Similarly, our Bylaws do
not require our Board of Directors to appoint a lead independent director and it has not otherwise determined to do so. Our Board of Directors
believes that the current leadership structure, which separates the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is appropriate. In
particular, our Board of Directors believes this structure clearly establishes the individual roles and responsibilities of the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, streamlines decision-making, enhances accountability of the senior management team to our Board of Directors
and emphasizes the independence of our Board of Directors from management. Our Board of Directors recognizes that one of its key responsibilities
is to evaluate and determine its optimal leadership structure to provide strong, independent oversight of senior management, a highly
engaged Board of Directors, and the right balance among (i) effective independent oversight of our business, (ii) our Board s activities
and (iii) consistent corporate leadership. Our Board of Directors is open to different structures that provide such an optimal leadership
structure, particularly given the dynamic and competitive environment in which we operate. Our Board of Directors which consists
entirely of independent directors other than Mr. Dvorkin exercises a strong, independent oversight function. This oversight function
is enhanced by the fact that our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees are comprised entirely of independent directors.
Our Board of Directors can and will change its leadership structure if it determines that doing so is in the best interest of our company
and stockholders. 

Policy Governing Security Holder Communications with the Board
of Directors 

Security holders who wish
to communicate directly with the Board, the independent directors of the Board, or any individual member of the Board may do so by sending
such communication by certified mail addressed to the Chairman of the Board, the entire Board of Directors, to the independent directors
as a group or to the individual director or directors, in each case, c/o Secretary, FlexShopper, Inc., 901 Yamato Road, Suite 260, Boca
Raton, Florida 33431. The Secretary reviews any such security holder communication and forwards relevant communications to the addressee. 

Policies Regarding Director Nominations 

The Board of Directors has
adopted a policy concerning director nominations, a copy of which is available at http://investors.flexshopper.com . Set forth below
is a summary of certain provisions of this policy, as well as the role the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee plays in the
director nomination process. 

32 

Director Qualifications 

The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee is responsible for, among other things: (1) recommending to the Board persons to serve as members of the Board
and as members of and chairpersons for the committees of the Board, (2) considering the recommendation of candidates to serve as directors
submitted from our stockholders, (3) assisting the Board in evaluating the Board s and its committee s performance, (4)
advising the Board regarding the appropriate board leadership structure for our company, (5) reviewing and making recommendations to the
Board on corporate governance, and (6) reviewing the size and composition of the Board and recommending to the Board any changes it deems
advisable. 

The Board seeks directors
who contribute to the Board s overall diversity, with diversity being broadly construed to mean a variety of opinions, perspectives,
personal and professional experiences and backgrounds, such as gender, race and ethnicity differences, as well as other differentiating
characteristics. Candidates should possess professional and personal experience and expertise relevant to our goals, with public company
board experience considered a valuable asset for a candidate that is taken into consideration. In evaluating nominations to the Board,
our Board also looks for certain personal attributes, such as integrity and ethics in his/her personal and professional life, an established
record of professional accomplishment in his/her chosen field, a willingness to commit the time necessary for the performance of the duties
of a director and not having other personal or professional commitments that would, in the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee s
sole judgment, interfere with or limit his/her ability to do so, and the ability to represent the best interests of all of our stockholders
and not just one particular constituency or any entity with which the candidate may be affiliated. 

Process for Identifying and Evaluating Director Nominees 

The Board is responsible
for selecting nominees for election to the Board by the stockholders. The Board has delegated the selection process to the Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee, with the expectation that other members of the Board and management may be requested to take part in the process
as appropriate. Generally, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee identifies candidates for director nominees in consultation
with management, through the use of search firms or other advisers, through the recommendations submitted by other directors or stockholders,
or through such other methods as the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee deems appropriate. Once candidates have been identified,
the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee confirms that the candidates meet the qualifications for director nominees established
by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee may gather information about the
candidates through interviews, detailed questionnaires, comprehensive background checks, or any other means that the Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee deems to be helpful in the evaluation process. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee then meets as
a group to discuss and evaluate the qualities and skills of each candidate and finalizes its list of recommended candidates for the Board s
consideration. 

Mr. Hinze was appointed to the Board in connection
with an investor rights agreement, as further described in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2016. 

33 

Procedures for Recommendation of Director Nominees by Stockholders 

The policy of the Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee is to consider director candidates properly recommended by stockholders and evaluate such director
candidates in the same way it evaluates candidates recommended by other sources. To submit a recommendation to the Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee for a director nominee candidate, a stockholder must make such recommendation in writing and include: 

as
to the stockholder making the recommendation and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made: 

the
name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on our books, and of such beneficial owner; 

the
class or series and number of shares of capital stock of our company which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and
such beneficial owner; 

a
description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or proposal between or among such stockholder
and/or such beneficial owner, any of their respective affiliates or associates, and any others acting in concert with any of the foregoing,
including, in the case of a nomination, the nominee; 

a
description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants,
convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered
into as of the date of the stockholder s notice by, or on behalf of, such stockholder and such beneficial owners, whether or not
such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in underlying shares of our capital stock, the effect or intent of which is to
mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or
such beneficial owner, with respect to securities of our company; 

a
representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of our company entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear
in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination; 

a
representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (a) to deliver a
proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of our outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt
the proposal or elect the nominee and/or (b) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination;
and 

any
other information relating to such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings
required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors
in an election contest pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder; and 

as
to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director: 

all
information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election
contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder; and 

such
person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected; and why
such recommended person meets our criteria and would be able to fulfill the duties of a director. 

Recommendations must be sent
to the Secretary of our company, c/o FlexShopper, Inc., 901 Yamato Road, Suite 260, Boca Raton, Florida 33431. The Secretary must
receive any such recommendation for nomination not later than the close of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the close
of business on the 120 th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders; provided,
however, that with respect to a special meeting of stockholders called by us for the purpose of electing directors to the Board of Directors,
the Secretary must receive any such recommendation not earlier than the 120 th day prior to such special meeting nor later than
the later of (1) the close of business on the 90 th day prior to such special meeting or (2) the close of business on the 10 th 
day following the day on which a public announcement is first made regarding such special meeting. We will promptly forward any such nominations
to the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Once the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee receives a recommendation
for a director candidate, such candidate will be evaluated in the same manner as other candidates and a recommendation with respect to
such candidate will be delivered to the Board of Directors. 

34 

Policy Governing Director Attendance at Annual Meetings of Stockholders 

Each director is encouraged
to attend the annual meeting of stockholders in person. Our last annual meeting of stockholders was held on December 30, 2022. All of
our directors serving at the time attended last year s annual meeting. 

Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers 

We have in place a Code of
Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (the Code of Ethics ), which applies to our executive officers (collectively, Senior
Financial Officers and is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct, proper disclosure of financial
information and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations among the Senior Financial Officers. A current copy of the Code
of Ethics is available in our public filings with the SEC. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of a provision of the Code
of Ethics by posting such information on our website available at http://investors.flexshopper.com/ and/or in our public filings
with the SEC. 

Policy on Hedging and Other Speculative Trading 

Under our insider trading
policy, directors, executive officers and certain other employees above a specified level, as well as persons sharing their households,
are prohibited from engaging in hedging or other speculative trading in our securities unless advance approval is obtained from our compliance
committee. Prohibited transactions include short sales, options trading, trading on margin or pledging, and hedging or monetization transactions. 

Clawback Policy 

The Board has the discretion to clawback any annual
incentive or other performance-based compensation awards from executive officers and employees. This clawback applies when certain specified
events occur. If the Board determines that compensation related to the Company financial performance would have been lower if it had been
based on the restated financial performance results, the Board will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, seek recoupment from that
executive officer or employee of any portion of such compensation as it deems appropriate after a review of all relevant facts and circumstances. 

Board Diversity 

In accordance with Nasdaq s
new Board Diversity Rules (Rule 5605(f) and Rule 5606), the following Board Diversity Matrix presents our Board diversity
statistics. 

Board Diversity Matrix (As of March 31, 2023) 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 5 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 
 5 

Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 

Alaskan Native or Native Americans 

Asian 

Hispanic or Latinx 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 
 
 4 

Two or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 1 
 
 Directors who are Military Veterans 
 1 

35 

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ITS COMMITTEES 

Board of Directors 

Our Bylaws state that the
number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board. The number
of directors currently fixed by our Board is five. 

Our Board of Directors met
four times during the year ended December 31, 2022. No director attended less than 75 of all meetings of the Board and applicable committee
meetings in 2022 held during the period for which he was a director. 

Committees 

The Board of Directors currently
has standing Audit, Compensation and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees. The Board and each standing committee retains the
authority to engage its own advisors and consultants. Each standing committee has a charter that has been approved by the Board of Directors.
A copy of each committee charter is available at http://investors.flexshopper.com/ . Each committee reviews the appropriateness
of its charter annually or at such other intervals as such committee determines. 

The following table sets
forth the current members of the Audit, Compensation and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees of the Board: 

Name 
 
 Audit 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Corporate Governance 
and Nominating 
 
 James D. Allen 
 
 Chair 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 T. Scott King 
 
 X 
 
 Chair 
 
 X 
 
 Thomas O. Katz 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 Chair 

Audit Committee. Our
Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Allen (Chair), King and Katz. The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the
Audit Committee is independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq director independence standards and applicable rules of the SEC for
audit committee members. The Board of Directors has elected Mr. Allen as Chairperson of the Audit Committee and has determined that
he qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the rules of the SEC. The Audit Committee is responsible for
assisting the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to financial reports and other financial
information. The Audit Committee (1) reviews, monitors and reports to the Board of Directors on the adequacy of our financial
reporting process and system of internal controls over financial reporting, (2) has the ultimate authority to select, evaluate and
replace the independent auditor and is the ultimate authority to which the independent auditors are accountable, (3) in consultation
with management, periodically reviews the adequacy of our disclosure controls and procedures and approves any significant changes
thereto, (4) provides the audit committee report for inclusion in our proxy statement for our annual meeting of stockholders and (5)
recommends, establishes and monitors procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints relating to accounting,
internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the receipt of confidential, anonymous submissions by employees of concerns
regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. The Audit Committee met five times in 2022. 

Compensation
Committee . Our Compensation Committee presently consists of Messrs. King (Chair), Allen and Katz, each of whom is a non-employee
director as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. The Board has also determined that each member of the Compensation Committee
is an independent director within the meaning of Nasdaq s director independence standards. Mr. King serves as Chairperson of
the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee (1) discharges the responsibilities of the Board of Directors relating to the
compensation of our directors and executive officers, (2) oversees our procedures for consideration and determination of executive
and director compensation, and reviews and approves all executive compensation, and (3) administers and implements our incentive
compensation plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee met one time in 2022. 

Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee . Our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee consists of Messrs. Katz (Chair), Allen and King. The Board of
Directors has determined that each member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is an independent director within the
meaning of the Nasdaq director independence standards and applicable rules of the SEC. Mr. Katz serves as Chairperson of the
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (1) recommends to the Board of
Directors persons to serve as members of the Board of Directors and as members of and chairpersons for the committees of the Board
of Directors, (2) considers the recommendation of candidates to serve as directors submitted from our stockholders, (3) assists the
Board of Directors in evaluating the performance of the Board of Directors and the Board committees, (4) advises the Board of
Directors regarding the appropriate board leadership structure for our company, (5) reviews and makes recommendations to the Board
of Directors on corporate governance and (6) reviews the size and composition of the Board of Directors and recommends to the Board
of Directors any changes it deems advisable. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee did not met in 2022 because of
limited matters, which were handled by the entire Board. 

36 

Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 

Enterprise risks are identified
and prioritized by management, and the Board receives periodic reports from our Chief Compliance Counsel and Chief Financial Officer regarding
the most significant risks facing our company. These risks include, without limitation, the following: 

risks
and exposures associated with strategic, financial and execution risks and other current matters that may present a material risk to
our operations, plans, prospects or reputation; 

risks
and exposures associated with financial matters, particularly financial reporting, tax, accounting, disclosure, internal control over
financial reporting, financial policies, investment guidelines and credit and liquidity matters; 

risks
and exposures relating to corporate governance, and management and director succession planning; and 

risks
and exposures associated with leadership assessment, and compensation programs and arrangements, including incentive plans. 

DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies
of all such filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of the reports that we received and written representations that no other
reports were required, we believe that our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders complied with all applicable
filing requirements on a timely basis during 2022. 

37 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

COMPENSATION AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 

Our compensation philosophy
is to offer our executive officers compensation and benefits that are competitive and meet our goals of attracting, retaining and motivating
highly skilled management, which is necessary to achieve our financial and strategic objectives and create long-term value for our stockholders.
We believe the levels of compensation we provide should be competitive, reasonable, and appropriate for our business needs and circumstances.
The principal elements of our executive compensation program have to date included base salary, short term and long-term compensation
in the form of cash, stock options and performance share units. 

The following table sets
forth information concerning the compensation earned by the individuals that served as our Principal Executive Officer during 2022 and
our most highly compensated executive officer other than the individuals who served as our Principal Executive Officer during 2022 (collectively,
the named executive officers ). Other than the named executive officers listed below, no other individuals served as executive
officers of our company in 2022. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) (2) 
 TOTAL ) 
 
 Richard House Jr.- 
Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 457,500 
 70,000 
 227,899 
 34,132 
 789,531 

2021 
 330,000 
 70,000 
 430,478 
 24,175 
 854,653 
 
 H. Russell Heiser Jr.- 
Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 359,231 
 - 
 153,347 
 48,653 
 561,231 

2021 
 319,615 
 75,000 
 186,217 
 67,933 
 648,765 
 
 John Davis- 
Chief Operating Officer 
 2022 
 353,962 
 50,000 
 64,176 
 24,546 
 492,684 

2021 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 23,197 
 273,197 

(1) 
 FASB ASC Topic 718 requires us to determine the overall full grant date fair value of the stock options as of the date of grant based upon the Black-Scholes method of valuation, which total amounts are set forth in the table above, and to then expense that value over the service period over which the stock options become vested. As a general rule, for time-in-service-based stock options, we will immediately expense any stock option or portion thereof which is vested upon grant, while expensing the balance on a pro rata basis over the remaining vesting term of the stock options. For a description of Topic 718 and the assumptions used in determining the value of the stock options under the Black-Scholes model of valuation, see the notes to our audited financial statements included in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 The amounts set forth in this column consist of medical costs not covered by our insurance, health and life insurance payments and 401k matching contribution. 

38 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The following table provides
information regarding equity awards held by the named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Richard House Jr. 
 210,000 
 140,000 (1) 
 1.52 
 10/08/2029 

200,000 
 - 
 2.53 
 06/30/2025 

225,000 
 - 
 2.38 
 06/30/2025 

10,000 
 15,000 
 2.76 
 03/03/2031 

76,475 
 229,425 
 1.53 
 02/23/2032 
 
 H. Russell Heiser Jr. 
 10,000 
 
 5.00 
 10/09/2025 

10,000 
 
 5.00 
 12/01/2025 

15,000 
 
 4.02 
 05/10/2027 

30,000 
 
 2.95 
 03/01/2028 

99,584 
 
 0.84 
 04/09/2029 

30,000 
 
 0.86 
 04/23/2029 

120,813 
 
 0.86 
 04/23/2029 

135,000 
 90,000 
 2.53 
 06/30/2026 

10,000 
 15,000 
 2.76 
 03/03/2031 

30,000 
 45,000 
 2.76 
 03/03/2031 

29,925 
 89,775 
 1.53 
 02/23/2032 
 
 John Davis 
 90,000 
 60,000 
 2.76 
 03/03/2021 

27,620 
 82,859 
 1.53 
 02/23/2032 

(1) 
 Reflects stock options granted as an inducement award for Mr. House to execute his employment agreement. 

Employment Agreements and Change of Control
Arrangements 

The following is a summary
of the employment and change of control arrangements with our named executive officers. 

Richard
House Jr. Employment Agreement. Mr. House passed away on March 16, 2023 and his employment agreement was terminated with his death.
Based on his employment agreement, the executive s estate received all the accrued obligations as of the date of termination. All
equity awards were vested as of the date of deceased. The equity awards can be exercised by the executive s estate for a period
of six months after March 16, 2023. 

H.
Russell Heiser Jr. Employment Agreement. On April 21, 2023, we entered into the amendment No. 1 to amended and restated employment
agreement with H. Russell Heiser Jr. The employment agreement with Mr. Heiser extends for a term expiring on December 31, 2027, and is
automatically renewable for three successive one-year terms unless written notice of non-renewal is timely provided by either party. Pursuant
to this employment agreement, Mr. Heiser has agreed to devote his full time, attention and efforts to our business and his duties as our
Chief Executive Officer. The employment agreement provides that, effective as of March 20, 2023, Mr. Heiser will receive a base salary
at an annual rate of 460,000 for services rendered in such position. Pursuant to a short-term incentive plan approved by the Compensation
Committee of our Board, Mr. House may be entitled to receive cash bonuses based on the executive meeting and exceeding performance goals
relating to the net revenue and EBITDA of our company. The target cash bonus under the short-term incentive plan is up to 50 of Mr. House s
annual base salary (with a maximum bonus payment of 100 of his base salary). 

Pursuant
to a long-term incentive plan approved by the Compensation Committee of our Board, Mr. Heiser will receive grants of stock options and
performance share units PSUs under our 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan. Mr. Heiser was granted stock options to
purchase such number of shares of our common stock with a fair market value of 345,000, determined using the Black-Scholes formula for
fair value as of the April 21, 2023 grant date and a ten-year life, with annual vesting at the rate of 25 over four years, commencing
on December 31, 2023. Mr. Heiser was also granted PSUs for shares of our common stock with a fair market value of 690,000, based on the
common stock price as of the April 21, 2023 grant date. The PSUs are subject to both performance and time-based vesting. The performance
metrics are based on specified EBITDA goals for our company. If we achieve 100 of the performance metrics, 50 of the PSUs will vest
(and 50 will be forfeited), with a maximum vesting of 100 of the PSUs if 200 of the target performance is achieved. For the time-based
component, the PSUs will vest annually at the rate of 25 over four years, commencing on December 31, 2023. 

39 

The
employment agreements also provide for termination by us upon death or disability of Mr. Heiser (defined as three aggregate months of
incapacity during any 365-consecutive day period) or upon cause, which includes willful misconduct, gross negligence, willful failure
to perform duties, fraud/embezzlement, willful policy violation or a breach of the employment agreement. In the event the employment agreement
is terminated by us without cause or by the executive for good reason, defined as a material breach of the agreement by us, Mr. Heiser
will be entitled to one year s salary and COBRA reimbursement and immediate vesting of any equity which would have otherwise vested
in the one year following the termination. 

In
the event of a termination without cause or resignation for good reason in either case within three months preceding or 12 months following
a change of control of our company, Mr. Heiser will receive one year salary, his target bonus, 18 months of COBRA reimbursement
and immediate vesting of all outstanding unvested (but non-forfeited) equity awards. 

The
employment agreement also contains covenants (a) restricting Mr. Heiser from engaging in any activities competitive with our business
or soliciting employees or clients during the term of such employment agreements and two years thereafter, (b) prohibiting the executive
from disclosure of confidential information regarding us at any time and (c) confirming that all intellectual property developed by the
executive and relating to our business constitutes our sole and exclusive property. 

John
Davis Employment Agreement. On February 23, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with John Davis. The employment
agreement with Mr. Davis extends for a term expiring on December 31, 2025, and is automatically renewable for three successive one-year
terms unless written notice of non-renewal is timely provided by either party. Pursuant to this employment agreement, Mr. Davis has agreed
to devote his full time, attention and efforts to our business and his duties as our Chief Operating Officer. The employment agreement
provides that, effective as of April 21, 2023, Mr. Davis will receive a base salary at an annual rate of 380,000 for services rendered
in such position. Pursuant to a short-term incentive plan approved by the Compensation Committee of our Board, Mr. Davis may be entitled
to receive cash bonuses based on the executive meeting and exceeding performance goals relating to the net revenue and EBITDA of our company.
The target cash bonus under the short-term incentive plan is up to 40 of Mr. Davis s annual base salary (with a maximum bonus payment
of 80 of his base salary). 

Pursuant
to a long-term incentive plan approved by the Compensation Committee of our Board, Mr. Davis will receive grants of stock options and
performance share units PSUs under our 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan. Mr. Davis was granted stock options to purchase
such number of shares of our common stock with a fair market value of 142,500, determined using the Black-Scholes formula for fair value
as of the April 21, 2023 grant date and a ten-year life, with annual vesting at the rate of 25 over four years, commencing on December
31, 2023. Mr. Davis was also granted PSUs for shares of our common stock with a fair market value of 285,000, based on the common stock
price as of the April 21, 2023 grant date. The PSUs are subject to both performance and time-based vesting. The performance metrics are
based on specified EBITDA goals for our company. If we achieve 100 of the performance metrics, 50 of the PSUs will vest (and 50 will
be forfeited), with a maximum vesting of 100 of the PSUs if 200 of the target performance is achieved. For the time-based component,
the PSUs will vest annually at the rate of 25 over four years, commencing on December 31, 2023. 

The
employment agreements also provide for termination by us upon death or disability of Mr. Davis (defined as three aggregate months of incapacity
during any 365-consecutive day period) or upon cause, which includes willful misconduct, gross negligence, willful failure to perform
duties, fraud/embezzlement, willful policy violation or a breach of the employment agreement. In the event the employment agreement is
terminated by us without cause or by the executive for good reason, defined as a material breach of the agreement by us, Mr. Davis will
be entitled to one year s salary and COBRA reimbursement and immediate vesting of any equity which would have otherwise vested in
the one year following the termination. 

In
the event of a termination without cause or resignation for good reason in either case within three months preceding or 12 months following
a change of control of our company, Mr. Davis will receive one year salary, his target bonus, 18 months of COBRA reimbursement
and immediate vesting of all outstanding unvested (but non-forfeited) equity awards. 

The
employment agreement also contains covenants (a) restricting Mr. Davis from engaging in any activities competitive with our business or
soliciting employees or clients during the term of such employment agreements and two years thereafter, (b) prohibiting the executive
from disclosure of confidential information regarding us at any time and (c) confirming that all intellectual property developed by the
executive and relating to our business constitutes our sole and exclusive property. 

40 

Director Compensation 

2022 Non-Executive Director Compensation Program 

In June 2021, the Compensation
Committee of our Board of Directors engaged Lockton Companies, LLC., a global leader in executive compensation consulting services, to
review and evaluate the competitiveness of our company s current executive compensation program for the top leadership positions
of the company, along with the non-executive Board of Directors compensation program. The principal purpose for this engagement was to
ensure that the terms of the total compensation packages of our executives and non-executive board members created incentive structures
aligned with stockholder interests and were consistent with current market practices. 

Effective April 12, 2023,
our Board of Directors adopted a new 2023 Non-Executive Director Compensation Program in connection with receiving a board compensation
report from Lockton Companies, LLC, which utilized compensation data from the latest published National Association of Corporate Directors
compensation survey for similarly-sized public companies. Pursuant to our new program, all directors receive the following compensation
for their services: 

annual
board service retainer in the amount of 60,000, payable quarterly, which may be paid in either cash or stock options, or a combination
of both. The form of payment (i.e., cash, stock options or a combination) will be determined by each director by notice to our Chief
Financial Officer at least 15 days prior to the quarterly payment date. The Chairman of the Board will receive an additional 40,000
retainer for annual board service retainer. In the event the form of payment is stock options, the value of the stock options (priced
using the Black-Scholes options pricing model) will equal 1.30 times the stated cash compensation. The stock options will have an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of our common stock at the time of grant. 

annual
grant of stock options to purchase shares of common stock with a value of 94,000 for the directors and with a value of 150,000 for
the Chairman of the Board (priced using the Black-Scholes options pricing model), pursuant to our 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan.
The stock options will have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock at the time of grant and vest in four
equal quarterly installments. 

All directors are reimbursed
for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their duties to our company. The directors will not be paid separate
fees for Board and Committee meetings attended. 

The following table sets
forth information with respect to compensation earned by or awarded to each of our Non-Employee Directors who served on our Board during
the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Total ) 
 
 James D. Allen 
 60,000 
 66,522 
 126,522 
 
 Howard S. Dvorkin 
 - 
 222,124 
 224,124 
 
 Thomas O. Katz 
 - 
 129,361 
 129,361 
 
 T. Scott King 
 - 
 129,361 
 129,361 

(1) 
 FASB ASC Topic 718 requires FlexShopper to determine the overall full grant date fair market value of the options as of the date of grant based upon the Black-Scholes method of valuation, which total amounts are set forth in the table above, and then to expense that value over the service period over which options become exercisable. As a general rule, for time-in-service-based options, we will immediately expense any option or portion thereof which is vested upon grant, while expensing the balance on a pro rata basis over the remaining vesting term of the option. For a description of Topic 718 and the assumptions used in determining the value of the options under the Black-Scholes method of valuation, see the notes to the consolidated financial statements included our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

41 

The following table shows
the number of shares subject to vested option awards held by each Non-Employee Director as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Shares 
 Subject to 
 Outstanding 
 Stock 
 Option 
 Awards (#) 
 
 James D. Allen 
 308,795 
 
 Howard S. Dvorkin 
 585,379 
 
 Thomas O. Katz 
 252,380 
 
 T. Scott King 
 446,598 

Equity Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

The following table presents
information on our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. All outstanding awards relate to our common stock. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
 Securities to 
 Be Issued 
 upon Exercise 
 of 
 Outstanding 
 Equity 
 Compensation (a) 
 Weighted- 
Average 
 Exercise Price 
 of 
 Outstanding 
 Equity 
 Compensation (b) 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Remaining 
 Available for 
 Future 
 Issuance 
 under Equity 
 Compensation 
 Plans 
 (Excluding 
 Securities 
 Reflected in 
 Column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 4,359,555 (1) 
 1.97 
 494,853 
 
 Inducement award approved by security holder 
 350,000 
 1.52 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 4,709,555 
 
 494,853 

(1) 
 Includes outstanding stock options for 134,100 shares of common stock issued under our 2007 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, outstanding stock options for 144,000 shares of common stock issued under our 2015 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, outstanding stock options and performance share units for 4,081,455 shares of common stock issued under our 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan and outstanding stock options for 350,000 shares of common stock issued as an inducement award. 

42 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets
forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our voting stock as of March 31, 2023 by: 

each
person or group of affiliated persons known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting stock; 

each
executive officer included in the Summary Compensation Table below; 

each
of our directors; and 

all
executive officers, directors and nominees as a group. 

Unless otherwise noted below,
the address of each person listed on the table is c/o FlexShopper, Inc. at 901 Yamato Road, Suite 260, Boca Raton, Florida 33431. To our
knowledge, each person listed below has sole voting and investment power over the shares shown as beneficially owned except to the extent
jointly owned with spouses or otherwise noted below. 

Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC. The information does not necessarily indicate ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules,
shares of stock which a person has the right to acquire (i.e., by the exercise of any option or the conversion of such person s
Series 1 or Series 2 Preferred Stock) within 60 days after March 31, 2023 are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for purposes
of calculating the number of shares and the percentage beneficially owned by that person. However, these shares are not deemed to be beneficially
owned and outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially owned by any other person. The percentage of shares owned
as of March 31, 2023 is based upon 21,752,304 shares of common stock outstanding on that date. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Number of Shares 
 Underlying 
 Convertible 
 Preferred 
 Stock, 
 Options, 
 performance 
 share units 
 and 
 Warrants 
 Total 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Percentage of Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 
 Stockholders 

B2 FIE V, LLC (1) 
 
 5,325,888 (2) 
 5,325,888 
 19.7 
 
 Waterfall Asset Management, LLC (3) 
 1,629,547 
 
 1,629,547 
 7.5 
 
 Perkins Capital Management, Inc. (4) 
 1,281,460 
 
 1,281,460 
 5.9 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Howard S. Dvorkin 
 6,119,985 (5) 
 2,529,076 (6) 
 8,649,061 
 25.2 
 
 James D. Allen 
 150,000 
 308,795 (7) 
 458,795 
 2.1 
 
 Sean Hinze 

Thomas O. Katz 
 81,000 
 252,380 (8) 
 333,380 
 1.5 
 
 T. Scott King 
 287,000 
 446,598 (9) 
 733,598 
 3.3 
 
 Richard House Jr. 
 190,086 
 1,105,900 (10) 
 1,295,986 

H. Russell Heiser Jr. 
 772,571 
 841,809 (11) 
 1,614,380 
 3.4 
 
 John Davis 
 
 117,620 (12) 
 117,620 

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 10,511,649 
 10,928,066 
 21,439,715 
 48.5 

Less than one percent of outstanding shares. 

(1) 
 Based solely on the Schedule 13D filed on June 21, 2016 by Pacific Investment Management Company LLC PIMCO ). According to the filing, B2 FIE V LLC B2 FIE was formed solely for the purpose of investing in our company. PIMCO BRAVO Fund II, L.P. Bravo II is the sole member of B2 FIE and operates as a pooled investment fund and invests (among other things) in operating companies. PIMCO GP XII, LLC PIMCO GP is the sole general partner of Bravo II. PIMCO is the sole managing member of PIMCO GP and has the power to make voting and investment decisions regarding the shares of our preferred stock held by B2 FIE. Each of Bravo II, PIMCO GP and PIMCO disclaims beneficial ownership of the series 2 preferred stock except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein. The address for this stockholder is 650 Newport Center Drive, Newport Beach, CA 92660. 

43 

(2) 
 Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of 20,000 shares of Series 2 Preferred Stock. Each share of Series 2 Preferred Stock is convertible into 266.2942 shares of common stock, based on the Series 2 Preferred Stock issue price of 1,000 per share and a conversion rate of 3.76 per share. 

(3) 
 Based solely on the Schedule 13D filed by the Waterfall Reporting Persons (as defined below) with the SEC on March 16, 2015 and a Form 4 filed by Waterfall (as defined below) with the SEC on May 23, 2018. Waterfall Eden Master Fund, Ltd. WEMF owns 883,118 shares of common stock, or approximately 4.1 of outstanding shares of common stock after subsequent dilution. Waterfall Delta Offshore Master Fund, LP WDOMF owns 495,251 shares of common stock, or approximately 2.3 of outstanding shares of common stock after subsequent dilution. Waterfall Delta GP, LLC WDGP ), as general partner of WDOMF, may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the shares owned by WDOMF. Waterfall Sandstone Fund, LP WSF owns 251,178 shares of common stock, or approximately 1.2 of outstanding shares of common stock after subsequent dilution. Waterfall Sandstone GP, LLC WSGP and, collectively with WEMF, WDOMF and WSF, the Waterfall Funds ), as general partner of WSF, may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the shares owned by WSF. Waterfall Asset Management, LLC Waterfall ), as the investment adviser to the Waterfall Funds, and Thomas Capasse and Jack Ross, as members of Waterfall, may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the 1,629,547 shares of common stock owned by the Waterfall Funds, or approximately 7.6 of outstanding shares of common stock. Because of the relationships described above, Messrs. Capasse and Ross, WEMF, WDGP, WDOMF, WSGP and WSF (collectively, the Waterfall Reporting Persons may be deemed to constitute a group within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act and, as such, each member of the group could be deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, all of the shares of common stock held by members of the group. The Waterfall Reporting Persons do not admit that they constitute a group within the meaning of Rule 13d-5. Each of the Waterfall Reporting Persons disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock referred to herein that such Reporting Person does not hold directly. Waterfall and Messrs. Capasse and Ross share the power to vote and direct the disposition of the shares owned by the Waterfall Funds. WDGP may be deemed to share the power to vote and direct the disposition of the shares owned by the WDOMF, and WSGP may be deemed to share the power to vote and direct the disposition of the shares owned by WSF. The address for each of the Waterfall-associated companies is c/o Waterfall Management, LLC, 1140 Avenue of the Americas, 7 th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 

(4) 
 Based solely on the Schedule 13G filed on February 9, 2023 by Perkins Capital Management, Inc. The address for this stockholder is 730 Lake St E, Wayzata, MN 55391. 

(5) 
 Includes (i) 3,976,385 shares held of record by PITA Holdings LLC, a Florida LLC PITA ), and (ii) 2,140,100 shares of common stock held of record by NRNS Capital Holdings, LLC NRNS and (iii) 3,500 shares of common stock held of record by Mr. Dvorkin s direct family members. Beta Investment Group, Inc., a Florida corporation Beta ), is the manager of PITA. Mr. Dvorkin is President of Beta and in such position has the right to direct the vote and disposition of securities owned by PITA. Mr. Dvorkin is the manager of NRNS and in such position has the right to direct the vote and disposition of securities owned by NRNS. Mr. Dvorkin disclaims beneficial ownership of our company s securities held of record by PITA or NRNS, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(6) 
 Includes (i) 753,697 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant held by NRNS, (ii) 1,190,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant held by PITA, and (iii) 585,379 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(7) 
 Consists of vested stock options to purchase 308,795 shares of common stock. 

(8) 
 Consists of vested stock options to purchase 252,380 shares of common stock. 

(9) 
 Consists of vested stock options to purchase 446,598 shares of common stock. 

(10) 
 Consists of vested stock options to purchase 1,105,900 shares of common stock. 

(11) 
 Consists of (i) 540,322 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and (ii) 301,487 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants. 

(12) 
 Consists of vested stock options to purchase 117,620 shares of common stock 

44 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence . 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

In March 2016, our Board
of Directors adopted a written policy with regard to related person transactions, which sets forth our procedures and standards for the
review, approval or ratification of any transaction required to be reported in our filings with the SEC or in which one of our executive
officers or directors has a direct or indirect material financial interest, with limited exceptions. Our policy is that the Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee shall review the material facts of all related person transactions (as defined in the related person
transaction approval policy) and either approve or disapprove of the entry into any related person transaction. In the event that obtaining
the advance approval of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is not feasible, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
will consider the related person transaction and, if the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee determines it to be appropriate,
may ratify the related person transaction. In determining whether to approve or ratify a related person transaction, the Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee will take into account, among other factors it deems appropriate, whether the related person transaction is on
terms comparable to those available from an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related
person s interest in the transaction. 

Other than as described below,
and compensation agreements and other arrangements which are described under the heading Compensation and Other Information
Concerning Directors and Officers in 2022 there was not, and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of
similar transactions to which we were or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000 in which any director,
executive officer, holder of 5 or more of any class of our capital stock or any member of their immediate families had or will have a
direct or indirect material interest. 

Amendments to Credit Agreement involving Waterfall Asset Management 

On March 6, 2015, through
FlexShopper 2, LLC, our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary (the Borrower ), we entered into a credit agreement (as amended
from time-to-time, the Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as paying agent, various lenders from
time to time party thereto and WE 2014-1, LLC, an affiliate of Waterfall Asset Management, LLC, as administrative agent and lender Lender ).
The Borrower is permitted to borrow funds under the Credit Agreement based on FlexShopper s cash on hand and the Amortized Order
Value of its Eligible Leases (as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement) less certain deductions described in the Credit Agreement.
Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Borrower may borrow up to 82,500,000
from the Lender until the Commitment Termination Date and must repay all borrowed amounts one year thereafter, on the date that is 12
months following the Commitment Termination Date (unless such amounts become due or payable on an earlier date pursuant to the terms of
the Credit Agreement). On January 29, 2021, pursuant to an amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Commitment Termination Date was extended
to April 1, 2024, the Lender was granted a security interest in certain leases as collateral under the Credit Agreement and the interest
rate charged on amounts borrowed was set at LIBOR plus 11 per annum. 

The Credit Agreement provides
that FlexShopper may not incur additional indebtedness (other than expressly permitted indebtedness) without the permission of the Lender
and also prohibits dividends on common stock. Additionally, the Credit Agreement includes covenants requiring FlexShopper to maintain
a minimum amount of Equity Book Value, maintain a minimum amount of cash and liquidity and maintain a certain ratio of Consolidated Total
Debt to Equity Book Value (each capitalized term, as defined in the Credit Agreement). Upon a Permitted Change of Control (as defined
in the Credit Agreement), FlexShopper may refinance the debt under the Credit Agreement, subject to the payment of an early termination
fee. 

In addition, the Lender and
its affiliates have a right of first refusal on certain FlexShopper transactions involving leases or other financial products. The Credit
Agreement includes customary events of default, including, among others, failures to make payment of principal and interest, breaches
or defaults under the terms of the Credit Agreement and related agreements entered into with the Lender, breaches of representations,
warranties or certifications made by or on behalf of the Borrower in the Credit Agreement and related documents (including certain financial
and expense covenants), deficiencies in the borrowing base, certain judgments against the Borrower and bankruptcy events. 

Effective September 27, 2022,
WE 2014-1, LLC assigned 100 of its Commitments and all Loans to Powerscourt Investments 32, LP, an affiliate of Waterfall Asset Management,
LLC. 

On October 21, 2022, pursuant
to Amendment No. 16 to the Credit Agreement between FlexShopper 2, LLC, as borrower, and Powerscourt Investments 32, LP, as administrative
agent and lender, the Commitment Amount was increased to be up to 110,000,000. This amendment also replaced LIBOR references in the Credit
Agreement with SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate), as the basis for our interest payments under the Credit Agreement. No other changes
were made to the Credit Agreement. 

As of December 31, 2022,
 81.2 million in principal was outstanding under the Credit Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the largest aggregate
amount of principal outstanding under the Credit Agreement was 81.2 million, and 5.7 million in principal and 10.3 million in interest
were paid during such period, at an average interest rate of 12.8 per annum. 

45 

Loans Payable to an Officer and Director 

NRNS Note- FlexShopper
LLC (the Borrower previously entered into letter agreements with NRNS Capital Holdings LLC NRNS ), the manager
of which is the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, pursuant to which the Borrower issued subordinated promissory notes
to NRNS (the NRNS Note in the total principal amount of 3,750,000. Payment of principal and accrued interest under the
NRNS Note was due and payable by the Borrower on June 30, 2021 and FlexShopper, LLC can prepay principal and interest at any time without
penalty. At December 31, 2022, amounts outstanding under the NRNS Note bear interest at a rate of 20.45 . Obligations under the NRNS Note
are subordinated to obligations under the Credit Agreement. The NRNS Note is subject to customary representations and warranties and events
of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Borrower may be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the NRNS
Note. Obligations under the NRNS Note is secured by substantially all of the Borrower s assets, subject to rights of the lenders
under the Credit Agreement. On March 22, 2021, FlexShopper, LLC executed an amendment to the NRNS Note such that the maturity date was
extended to April 1, 2022. On February 2, 2022, FlexShopper LLC executed another amendment to the NRNS Note. This last amendment extended
the maturity date from April 1, 2022 to July 1, 2024 and increased the credit commitment from 3,750,000 to 11,000,000. No other changes
were made to such NRNS Note. 

As of December 31, 2022, 10,941,629
of principal and accrued unpaid interest was outstanding under the NRNS Note. Interest paid for the NRNS Note was 1,541,493 for the
year 2022. 

122 Partners Note- On
January 25, 2019, FlexShopper, LLC (the Borrower entered into a subordinated debt financing letter agreement with 122 Partners,
LLC, as lender, pursuant to which FlexShopper, LLC issued a subordinated promissory note to 122 Partners, LLC (the 122 Partners
Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000. H. Russell Heiser, Jr., FlexShopper s Chief Financial Officer, is a member of
122 Partners, LLC. Payment of the principal amount and accrued interest under the 122 Partners Note was due and payable by the borrower
on April 30, 2020 and the borrower can prepay principal and interest at any time without penalty. At December 31, 2022, amounts outstanding
under the 122 Partners Note bear interest at a rate of 20.45 . Obligations under the 122 Partners Note are subordinated to obligations
under the Credit Agreement. The 122 Partners Note is subject to customary representations and warranties and events of default. If an
event of default occurs and is continuing, the Borrower may be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the 122 Partners Note.
Obligations under the 122 Partners Note are secured by substantially all of the Borrower s assets, subject to the senior rights
of the lenders under the Credit Agreement. On April 30, 2020, pursuant to an amendment to the subordinated debt financing letter agreement,
the Borrower and 122 Partners, LLC agreed to extend the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note to April 30, 2021. On March 22, 2021, FlexShopper,
LLC executed a second amendment to the 122 Partners Note such that the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note was extended to April 1,
2022. On March 31, 2022, FlexShopper, LLC executed a third amendment to the 122 Partners Note such that the maturity date of the 122 Partners
Note was extended to April 1, 2023. On March 30, 2023, FlexShopper, LLC executed a fourth amendment to the 122 Partners Note such that
the maturity date of the 122 Partners Note was extended from April 1, 2023 to October 1, 2023. No other changes were made to the 122 Partners
Note. 

As of December 31, 2022, 1,017,826
of principal and accrued and unpaid interest was outstanding under 122 Partners Note. Interest paid for the 122 Partner Note was 196,338
for the year 2022. 

Director Independence 

At least annually, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the independence of each non-employee director and makes recommendations to the Board and the
Board affirmatively determines whether each director qualifies as independent. No director qualifies as "independent" unless
the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the Company (either directly or as stockholder
or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company). ln addition, in affirmatively determining the independence of
any director who will serve on the Compensation Committee, the Board must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether
a director has a relationship to the Company which is material to that director's ability to be independent of management in connection
with the duties of n Compensation Committee member. Each director must keep the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee fully and
promptly informed as to any development affecting a director's independence, 

Our shares of common stock
are listed for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market Under the rules of Nasdaq, "independent" directors must make up a majority
of a listed company's board of directors, In addition, applicable Nasdaq rules require that, subject io specified exceptions, each member
of a listed company's audit and compensation committees be independent within the meaning of the applicable Nasdaq rules. Audit committee
members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

46 

The Board has determined that
each of James D. Allen, Sean Hinze, Thomas O. Katz and T. Scott King is an independent director within the meaning of the director independence
standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. Mr. Dvorkin is not independent based on the shares beneficially owned by him, his businesses, and
his direct family members. In making its independence determinations, the Board reviewed direct and indirect transactions and relationships
between each director, or any member of his or her immediate family, and us or one of our subsidiaries or affiliates based on information
provided by the director, our records and publicly available information. None of our directors directly or indirectly provides any professional
or consulting services to us. 

As a result. a majority of
our directors are independent, as required under applicable Nasdaq rules. As required under applicable Nasdaq rules, we anticipate that
our independent directors will meet in regularly scheduled executive sessions at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and
Services . 

The following table sets
forth the aggregate fees billed or expected to be billed by EisnerAmper LLP for audit and non-audit services in 2021, including
 out-of-pocket expenses incurred in rendering these services. The nature of the services provided for each category is described
following the table. 

Fee Category 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 370,290 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total 
 370,290 

(1) Audit
fees include fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual statements, quarterly reviews, consents and assistance
with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

The following table sets
forth the aggregate fees billed or expected to be billed by Grant Thornton LLP for audit and non-audit services in 2022, including
 out-of-pocket expenses incurred in rendering these services. The nature of the services provided for each category is described
following the table. 

Fee Category 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 495,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 25,000 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total 
 520,000 

(1) 
 Audit fees include fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual statements, quarterly reviews, consents and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The Audit Committee has adopted
a policy that requires that all services to be provided by our independent public accounting firm, including audit services and permitted
non-audit services, to be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. All audit and permitted non-audit services provided by EisnerAmper LLP
and by Grant Thornton LLP during 2022 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

47 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules . 

(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: see Consolidated
Financial Statements at Item 8 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: Schedules
to the Financial Statements have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown
in the accompanying Financial Statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits: The following is a list of exhibits
filed as a part of this Annual Report: 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FlexShopper, Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment
 to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q filed on November 5, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations
 of Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s General Form of Registration on Form
 10-SB filed on April 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Decrease
 of the Number of Authorized Shares of Preferred Stock of FlexShopper, Inc. Designated as Series 1 Preferred Stock (previously filed
 as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designations for Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the FlexShopper,
 Inc. Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act (previously filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2015, by and among FlexShopper 2, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., various Lenders from time to time party thereto and WE 2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 

48 

10.2 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2015, by and among the Company, the Management Stockholders and affiliates of Waterfall (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2015, by and among the Company and the Investors party thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated November 6, 2015, by and among FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated November 6, 2015, by and among FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 1, 2015, by and between the Company and Russ Heiser (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, Consent and Temporary Waiver, dated February 11, 2016, by and among FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE-2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 2007 Omnibus Equity Compensation
 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s General Form of Registration on Form 10-SB filed on April 30, 2007
 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock
 Option Grant issuable under 2007 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s General
 Form of Registration on Form 10-SB filed on April 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Amendment to 2007 Omnibus
 Equity Compensation Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2012
 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 2015 Omnibus Equity Compensation
 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015 and incorporated
 herein by reference) 
 
 10.12+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement
 issuable under 2015 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form
 10-K filed on March 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to the
 Credit Agreement and Waiver, dated March 29, 2016, by and among FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE-2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit
 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement,
 dated as of June 10, 2016, by and among FlexShopper, Inc., B2 FIE V LLC and the other parties thereto (previously filed as Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 13, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Omnibus Amendment, dated
 January 27, 2017, by and among FlexShopper 2, LLC, FlexShopper, LLC and WE2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.16+ 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation
 Policy (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2017 and incorporated
 herein by reference) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated
 January 9, 2018, by and between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on January 12, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Commitment Letter
 and Subordinated Promissory Note issued by FlexShopper, LLC to each of Russ Heiser and NRNS Capital Holdings LLC (previously filed
 as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.19+ 
 
 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation
 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 30, 2018) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated April 3, 2018, between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 

49 

10.21 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Investor
 Rights Agreement, dated April 3, 2018, by and among the Company, the Management Stockholders and affiliates of Waterfall (previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Amendment No. 7 to Credit
 Agreement, dated July 31, 2018, between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 8 to Credit
 Agreement, dated August 29, 2018, between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Investor
 Rights Agreement, dated August 27, 2018, by and among the Company, B2 FIE V LLC and the other parties thereto (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated
 Subordinated Promissory Note issued by FlexShopper, LLC to each of Russ Heiser and NRNS Capital Holdings LLC (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 9 to Credit
 Agreement, dated September 22, 2018, between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 10 to Credit Agreement, dated September 24, 2018, between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 1, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 11 to Credit
 Agreement, dated September 24, 2018, between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Commitment Letter
 and Subordinated Promissory Note, dated January 25, 2019, issued by FlexShopper, LLC to 122 Partners, LLC (previously filed as an
 exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Office Lease, dated January
 29, 2019, between FlexShopper, LLC and Mainstreet CV North 40, LLC (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated
 as of February 19, 2019, between the Company and XLR8 Capital Partners LLC (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Commitment Letter
 and Subordinated Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2019, issued by FlexShopper, LLC to NRNS Capital Holdings LLC (previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed March 25, 2019) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated
 Subordinated Promissory Note issued by FlexShopper, LLC to NRNS Capital Holdings LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 28, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.35+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated September 20, 2019, between FlexShopper, Inc. and Richard House, Jr. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Form of Warrant Amendment
 and Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2019, amount FlexShopper, Inc. and the Holders signatory thereto (previously filed
 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.37+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated
 January 1, 2020, by and between the Company and Harold Russell Heiser, Jr. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Amendment to Consulting
 Agreement, dated February 19, 2019, between the Company and XLR8 Capital Partners LLC. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of Commitment Letter
 and Promissory Note between FlexShopper, LLC and Customer Bank. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

50 

10.40 
 
 Amendment to
 Subordinated Debt Financing Letter Agreement issued by FlexShopper, LLC to 122 Partners, LLC. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to
 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Amendment to the FlexShopper, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (previously filed as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference).+ 
 
 10.42 
 
 Amendment of Consulting
 Agreement, dated August 30, 2020, between FlexShopper, Inc. and XLR8 Capital Partners, LLC. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.43 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated
 as of March 6, 2015, among FlexShopper 2, LLC, as company, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent, various lenders
 from time to time party thereto, and WE 2014-1, LLC, as administrative agent, as conformed through Omnibus Amendment dated January
 29, 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 
 
 10.44 
 
 Amendment No. 13 to Credit
 Agreement, dated February 26, 2020, between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.45 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Subordinated
 Debt Financing Letter Agreement between FlexShopper, LLC and 122 Partners, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.46 
 
 Amendment to Subordinated
 Debt Financing Commitment Letter and Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note between FlexShopper, LLC and NRNS Capital
 Holdings LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2021 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 
 
 10.47+ 
 
 Amendment to the FlexShopper, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (previously filed as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.48 
 
 Amendment No. 14 to Credit Agreement, dated December 28, 2021, between FlexShopper 2, LLC and WE 2014-1, LLC. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Amendment dated February
 2, 2022 to Subordinated Debt Financing Commitment Letter and Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note between FlexShopper,
 LLC and NRNS Capital Holdings LLC. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
 4, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.50 + 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment
 Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2022, between FlexShopper, Inc. and Richard House Jr. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.51 + 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment
 Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2022, between FlexShopper, Inc. and H. Russell Heiser Jr. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.52 
 
 Amendment No. 15 to Credit
 Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2022, between FlexShopper 2, LLC, as borrower, WE 2014-1, LLC, as administrative agent and lender,
 and WE 2022-1, LLC, as lender.( (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March
 8, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.53 
 
 Amendment No 3 to Subordinated Debt Financing Letter Agreement between FlexShopper, LLC and
122 Partners, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022 and incorporated
herein by reference). 
 
 10.54 
 
 Amendment No. 16 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2022, between FlexShopper 2, LLC, as borrower and Powerscourt Investment 32, LP, as administrative agent and lender. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.55 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2022, by and among FlexShopper Revolution, LLC, the sellers signatory thereto, and Revolution Financial, Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.56 
 
 Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2022, by and among FlexShopper Revolution, LLC, the sellers signatory thereto, and Revolution Financial, Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.57 
 
 Amendment No 4 to Subordinated Debt Financing Letter Agreement between FlexShopper, LLC and 122 Partners, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (previously filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification - Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification - Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+ 
 Indicates a management
 contract or any compensatory plan contract or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 

Not applicable 

51 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

FLEXSHOPPER, INC. 

Dated: April 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 

H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated: 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 24, 2023 
 
 H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 24, 2023 
 
 H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ James D. Allen 
 
 Director 
 
 April 24, 2023 
 
 James D. Allen 

/s/ Howard S. Dvorkin 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 April 24, 2023 
 
 Howard S. Dvorkin 

/s/ Sean Hinze 
 
 Director 
 
 April 24, 2023 
 
 Sean Hinze 

/s/ T. Scott King 
 
 Director 
 
 April 24, 2023 
 
 T. Scott King 

/s/ Thomas O. Katz 
 
 Director 
 
 April 24, 2023 
 
 Thomas O. Katz 

52 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_flexshopper.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Registrant 

FlexShopper, LLC is a limited liability company
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware in June 2013. 

FlexShopper 1, LLC and FlexShopper 2, LLC are
wholly-owned subsidiaries formed under the laws of the State of Delaware in the first quarter of 2015. 

FlexLending, LLC, is a limited liability company
organized under the laws of Delaware in 2019. 

FlexRetail LLC, is a limited liability company
formed under the laws of Florida in October 2021. 

Flex Revolution, LLC, is a limited liability company
formed under the laws of Delaware in October 2022. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_flexshopper.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements of FlexShopper, Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-226823) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-203509, 333-210487
and 333-225222) of our report dated March 30, 2022, on our audit of the financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and for the year
then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about April 24, 2023. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

 Iselin, New Jersey 

 April 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-2_flexshopper.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We have issued our report dated April 21, 2023, with respect to
the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of FlexShopper, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of FlexShopper, Inc. on Form S-3
(File No. 333-226823) and Forms S-8 (File No. 333-203509,File No. 333-210487 and File No. 333-225222). 

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

 April 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_flexshopper.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS 
AMENDED 

I, H. Russell Heiser, Jr., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FlexShopper, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors: 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 24,
2023 

/s/ H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 

H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 

Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_flexshopper.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of FlexShopper
Inc. (the registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the report ), I, H. Russell Heiser, Jr ., Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my
knowledge: 

(1) The report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. 

April 24, 2023 

/s/ H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 

H. Russell Heiser, Jr. 

Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fpay-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fpay-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fpay-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fpay-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fpay-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

