<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230519_10-K_edgar_data_1324948_0001213900-23-041600.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9504542</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>225204</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1875780</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2174634</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2571854</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2404949</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-041600.hdr.sgml : 20230519
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230519171856
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-041600
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230401
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230519
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230519

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RBC Bearings INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001324948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BALL & ROLLER BEARINGS [3562]
		IRS NUMBER:				954372080
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0402

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40840
		FILM NUMBER:		23941534

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TRIBOLOGY CENTER
		CITY:			OXFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 267 7001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TRIBOLOGY CENTER
		CITY:			OXFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06478

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-041600.txt : 20230519

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_rbcbearings.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

for the fiscal year ended
 , 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

for the transition period
from __________to _________ 

Commission file number

RBC BEARINGS INCORPORATED 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company, or emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on October 1, 2022 (based on the September 30, 2022 closing sales price of 207.81
of the registrant s Common Stock, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange) was approximately . 

As of May 12, 2023, RBC Bearings Incorporated
had shares of Common Stock and 4,600,000 shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

Portions of the registrant s proxy statement
to be filed within 120 days of the close of the registrant s fiscal year in connection with the registrant s Annual Meeting
of Shareholders to be held September 7, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Auditor Firm ID: 00042 Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 16 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 
 Item 4A 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 17 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 20 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 
 Item 8 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 68 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 72 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevents Inspections 
 72 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 

Signatures 
 Signatures 
 77 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

RBC Bearings Incorporated 

RBC Bearings Incorporated,
together with its subsidiaries, is an international manufacturer and marketer of highly engineered precision bearings, components and
essential systems for the industrial, defense and aerospace industries. Our precision solutions are integral to the manufacture and operation
of most machines and mechanical systems, to reduce wear to moving parts, facilitate proper power transmission, reduce damage and energy
loss caused by friction, and control pressure and flow. The terms we, us, our, RBC 
and the Company mean RBC Bearings Incorporated and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates another meaning. While
we manufacture products in all major categories, we focus primarily on the higher end of the bearing, gearing and engineered component
markets where we believe our value-added engineering and manufacturing capabilities, and application expertise enable us to differentiate
ourselves from our competitors and enhance profitability. We believe our expertise has enabled us to garner leading positions in many
of the product markets in which we primarily compete. With 52 facilities in 10 countries, of which 37 are manufacturing facilities,
we have been able to significantly broaden our end markets, products, customer base and geographic reach. 

All quantitative data contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the
 Annual Report is stated in millions, except for share and per-share data, number of facilities, square footage, and headcount. 

The Bearing, Gearing and Engineered Component
Industry 

The bearing, gearing and
engineered component industry is a fragmented multi-billion-dollar market. Purchasers of bearings, gearings and engineered components
include producers of commercial and military aircraft, submarine and vehicle equipment, energy equipment, machinery manufacturers, industrial
equipment and machinery manufacturers, construction machinery manufacturers, rail and train equipment manufacturers, packaging and canning
machinery manufacturers, agriculture and mining equipment manufacturers, and specialized equipment manufacturers, as well as distributors
who service the aftermarket for these products. 

Demand for bearings, gearing and precision components in the diversified
industrial market is influenced by growth factors in industrial machinery and equipment shipments, and construction, mining, energy, food
and beverage, packaging and canning, semiconductor, and general industrial activity. In addition, usage of existing machinery will impact
aftermarket demand for replacement products. In the aerospace market, new aircraft build rates along with carrier traffic volume worldwide
determines demand for our solutions. Activity in the defense market is influenced by modernization programs necessitating spending on
new equipment, as well as continued utilization of deployed equipment supporting aftermarket demand for replacement bearings, gearing
and engineered components. 

Customers and Markets 

We serve a broad range of
end markets where we can add value with our specialty precision bearings, essential systems and engineered components. We classify our
customers into two principal categories: industrial and aerospace/defense. These principal end markets utilize a large number of both
commercial and specialized bearings, gearings and engineered components. Although we provide a relatively small percentage of total bearings,
gearings and engineered components supplied to each of our principal markets, we believe we have leading market positions in many of
the specialized product markets in which we primarily compete. Financial information regarding geographic areas is set forth in Part
II, Item 8, Note 20 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Industrial
Market (71 of net sales for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023) 

We manufacture bearings, gearing and engineered components for a wide
range of diversified industrial markets, including construction and mining, oil and natural resource extraction, heavy truck, aggregates,
rail and train, food and beverage, packaging and canning, material handling semiconductor machinery, wind, and the general industrial
markets. Our products target market applications in which our engineering and manufacturing capabilities provide us with a competitive
advantage in the marketplace. 

Our largest industrial customers
include Caterpillar, Komatsu and Kurt Manufacturing and various aftermarket distributors including Motion Industries, Applied Industrial,
McMaster-Carr, BDI, Kaman and Purvis Industries. We believe that the diversification of our sales among the various segments of the industrial
markets and channels reduces our exposure to downturns in any individual segment. We believe opportunities exist for growth and margin
improvement in this market as a result of the introduction of new products, the expansion of aftermarket sales, and continued manufacturing
process improvements. 

1 

Aerospace/Defense
Market (29 of net sales for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023) 

We supply bearings and engineered
components for use in commercial, private and military aircraft and aircraft engines, guided weaponry, space and satellites and vision
and optical systems, and military marine and ground applications. 

We supply precision products
for many of the commercial aircraft currently operating worldwide and are the primary bearing supplier for many of the aircraft OEMs 
product lines. Commercial aerospace customers generally require precision products, often of special materials, made to unique designs
and specifications. Many of our aerospace bearings and engineered component products are designed and certified during the original development
of the aircraft being served, which often makes us the primary bearing supplier for the life of that aircraft. 

We manufacture bearings and
engineered components used by the U.S. Department of Defense (the DOD and certain foreign governments for use in fighter
jets, troop transports, naval vessels, helicopters, gas turbine engines, armored vehicles, guided weaponry, spaceflight and satellites.
We manufacture an extensive line of standard products that conform to many domestic military application requirements, as well as customized
products designed for unique applications. Our bearings and engineered components are manufactured to conform to U.S. military specifications
and are typically custom-designed during the original product design phase, which often makes us the sole or primary supplier for the
life of that product. Product approval for use on military equipment is often a lengthy process ranging from six months to six years. 

Our largest aerospace and
defense customers include the U.S. Department of Defense, Boeing, Airbus, Newport News Shipbuilding, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman,
Raytheon and various aftermarket distributors including National Precision Bearing, Jamaica Bearings, Wencor, and Wesco Aircraft. We
believe our strong relationships with OEMs help drive our aftermarket sales since a portion of OEM sales are ultimately intended for
use as replacement parts. We believe that growth and margin expansion in this market will be driven primarily by expanding our international
presence, new commercial aircraft introductions, new products, share gains, and the refurbishment and maintenance of existing commercial
and military aircraft. 

In fiscal 2023, approximately
2 of our net sales were made directly, and we estimate that approximately an additional 8 of our net sales were made indirectly, to
the U.S. government. The contracts or subcontracts for these sales may be subject to renegotiation of profit or termination at the election
of the U.S. government. Based on experience, we believe that no material renegotiations or refunds will be required. See Part I, Item
1A. Risk Factors Future reductions or changes in U.S. government spending could negatively affect our business 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our two reportable business segments are aligned with the end-markets
for our products. Operating results for the segments are evaluated regularly by our chief operating decision maker in determining resource
allocation and assessing performance. The following table provides a summary of our two reportable business segments: 

Net Sales and Percent of Sales for the Fiscal Year Ended 
 (dollars in millions) 

Segment 
 April 1, 
 2023 
 April 2, 
 2022 
 April 3, 
 2021 
 Representative Applications 
 
 Industrial 
 1,039.0 
 561.4 
 212.8 
 Mining, energy, aggregates, construction, wind 

71 
 60 
 35 
 equipment and material handling 

Packaging and canning machinery 

Semiconductor equipment 

Industrial gears, components and collets 
 
 Aerospace/Defense 
 430.3 
 381.5 
 396.2 
 Airframe control and actuation 

29 
 40 
 65 
 Aircraft engine controls and landing gear 

Missile launchers 

Radar and night vision systems 

Hydraulics and valves 

Space applications 

Products 

Bearings, gearing and engineered
components are employed to perform several functions including reduction of friction, transfer of motion, carriage of loads, and control
of pressure and flows. We design, manufacture and market a broad portfolio of bearings, gearing and engineered components. 

2 

Plain Bearings. Plain
bearings are primarily used to rectify inevitable misalignments in various mechanical components, such as aircraft controls, helicopter
rotors, or heavy mining and construction equipment. Such misalignments are either due to machining inaccuracies or result when components
change position relative to each other. Plain bearings are produced with either self-lubricating or metal-to-metal designs and consist
of several sub-classes, including rod end bearings, spherical plain bearings and journal bearings. 

Roller Bearings. Roller
bearings are anti-friction products that utilize cylindrical rolling elements. We produce three main designs: tapered roller bearings,
needle roller bearings and needle bearing track rollers, and cam followers. We offer several needle roller bearing designs that are used
in both industrial applications and certain U.S. military aircraft platforms where there are high loads and the design is constrained
by space considerations. A significant portion of our sales of needle roller bearings is to the aftermarket rather than to OEMs. Needle
bearing track rollers and cam followers have wide and diversified use in the industrial market and are often prescribed as a primary
component in articulated aircraft wings. 

Ball Bearings. Ball
bearings are devices that utilize high precision ball elements to reduce friction in high-speed applications. We specialize in four main
types of ball bearings: high precision aerospace, airframe control, thin section, and industrial ball bearings. High precision aerospace
bearings are primarily sold to customers in the defense industry that require more technically sophisticated bearing products providing
a high degree of fault tolerance given the criticality of the applications in which they are used. Airframe control ball bearings are
precision ball bearings that are plated to resist corrosion and are qualified under a military specification. Thin section ball bearings
are specialized bearings that use extremely thin cross sections and give specialized machinery manufacturers many advantages. We produce
a general line of industrial ball bearings sold primarily to the aftermarket. 

Mounted Bearings .
Mounted bearings are fully assembled bearings with a wide range of shaft attachment methods, rolling elements, housing materials and
configurations offering a variety of sealing solutions. Mounted bearing products include mounted ball bearings, mounted roller bearings
and mounted plain bearings, and are used in light to heavy loads, and in clean, corrosive or harsh environments. Mounted roller bearings
are pre-machined to allow field installation of the Dodge bearing sensor, adding remote monitoring capability in difficult to access
applications and unsafe environments. Applications include unit and bulk material handling, industrial air handling, large rotor fans,
food processing, roll-out tables, and forest pulp and paper processing equipment. 

Enclosed Gearing. 
We provide a broad range of enclosed gearing product lines including Quantis Gearmotor (helical style gearing with modular configurations
and a variety of mounting methods), Torque Arm (shaft-mount gearing with helical style gearing and v-belt input for first stage reduction),
Tigear (single reduction, right angle gear reducers with worm style gearing), MagnaGear Maxum (parallel reducers with helical and
planetary style gearing) and Controlled Start Transmission (planetary style gearing with hydraulic clutch package used for soft starting
large conveyors). Applications include unit and bulk handling, food processing, roll-out tables, and forest pulp and paper processing
equipment. 

Motion Control Components.
 Power transmission components are of three types: mechanical drive components (offering V belt sheaves, synchronous sprockets, bushings
and belts) used to change rotational speed between two pieces of equipment; couplings used to transmit torque between two rotating pieces
of equipment, such as a motor and a gearbox; and conveyor components, which transfer torque from the mechanical drive equipment to the
conveyor belt in bulk material handling applications. Applications include unit and bulk material handling, industrial air handling,
large rotor fans, food processing, roll-out tables, and forest pulp and paper processing equipment. 

Engineered Components.
 Engineered components include highly engineered hydraulics and valves, fasteners, precision mechanical components and machine tool
collets. Engineered hydraulics and valves are used in aircraft and submarine applications and aerospace and defense aftermarket services.
Precision mechanical components are used in all general industrial applications where some form of movement is required. Machine tool
collets are cone-shaped metal sleeves used for holding circular or rod-like pieces in a lathe or other machine that provide effective
part holding and accurate part location during machining operations. 

Product Design and Development 

We produce specialized bearings
and engineered components that are often tailored to the specifications of a customer or application. Our sales professionals are highly
experienced engineers who collaborate with our customers to develop bearing and engineered component solutions. The product development
cycle can follow many paths, which are dependent on the end market or sales channel. The process normally takes between three and six
years from concept to sale depending upon the application and the market. A typical process for a major OEM project begins when our design
engineers meet with the customer at the machine design conceptualization stage and work with them through the conclusion of the product
development. 

3 

Often, at the early stage,
a bearing or engineered component design is produced that addresses the expected demands of the application including load, stress, heat,
thermal gradients, vibration, lubricant supply, pressure and flows, and corrosion resistance, with one or two of these environmental
constraints being predominant in the design consideration. A bearing or engineered component design must perform reliably for the period
of time required by the customer s product objectives. 

Once a bearing or engineered
component is designed, a mathematical simulation is created to replicate the expected application environment and thereby allow optimization
with respect to these design variables. Upon conclusion of the design and simulation phase, samples are produced and laboratory testing
commences at one of our test laboratories. The purpose of this testing phase is not only to verify the design and the simulation model
but also to allow further design improvement where needed. The last phase is field testing by the customer, after which the product is
ready for sale. 

For many of our Aerospace/Defense
products, the culmination of this lengthy process is the receipt of a product approval or certification, generally obtained from either
the OEM, the DOD or the Federal Aviation Administration FAA ), which allows us to supply the product to the OEM customer
and to the aftermarket. We currently have a significant number of such approvals, which often gives us a competitive advantage, and in
many of these instances we are the only approved supplier of a given bearing or engineered component . 

Manufacturing and Operations 

Our manufacturing strategies
are focused on product reliability, quality, safety and service. Custom and standard products are produced according to manufacturing
schedules that ensure maximum availability of popular items for immediate sale while carefully considering the economies of lot production
and special products. Capital programs and manufacturing methods development are focused on quality improvement, production costs, safety
and service. A monthly review of product line production performance assures an environment of continuous attainment of profitability
and quality goals. 

Capacity. Our plants
currently run on a full first shift with second and third shifts at select locations to meet the demands of our customers. We believe
that current capacity levels and future annual estimated capital expenditures on equipment up to approximately 3.0 to 3.5 of net sales
should permit us to effectively meet demand levels for the foreseeable future. 

Inventory Management.
 We operate an inventory management program designed to balance customer delivery requirements with economically optimal inventory
levels. In this program, each product is categorized based on characteristics including order frequency, number of customers and sales
volume. Using this classification system, our primary goal is to maintain a sufficient supply of standard items while minimizing costs.
In addition, production cost savings are achieved by optimizing plant scheduling around inventory levels and customer delivery requirements.
This leads to more efficient utilization of manufacturing facilities and minimizes plant production changes while maintaining sufficient
inventories to service customer needs. 

Sales, Marketing and Distribution 

Our marketing strategy is
aimed at increasing sales within our two primary markets, targeting specific applications in which we can exploit our competitive strengths.
To affect this strategy, we seek to expand into geographic areas not previously served by us and we continue to capitalize on new markets
and industries for existing and new products. We employ a technically proficient sales force and utilize marketing managers, product
managers, customer service representatives and product application engineers in our selling efforts. 

We have developed our sales
force through the hiring of sales personnel with prior industry experience, complemented by an in-house training program. We intend to
continue to hire and develop expert sales professionals and strategically locate them to implement our expansion strategy. Today, our
direct sales force is located to service North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America and is responsible for selling all of our products.
This selling model leverages our relationship with key customers and provides opportunities to market multiple product lines to both
established and potential customers. We also sell our products through a well-established, global network of industrial and aerospace
distributors. This channel primarily provides our products to smaller OEM customers, aftermarket customers and the end users of bearings
and engineered components that require local inventory and service. We intend to continue to focus on building distributor sales volume. 

The Company has a joint
venture in North America focused on joint logistics and e-business services. This joint venture, CoLinx, LLC CoLinx ), includes five equity
members: Timken, SKF Group, Schaeffler Group, RBC Bearings Incorporated and Gates Industrial Corp. The e-business service focuses on
information and business services for authorized distributors in the Industrial segment. 

The Company also utilizes
the RBC e-shop e-commerce platform to sell precision products and high quality mechanical components to customers. 

The sale of our products
is supported by a well-trained and experienced customer service organization, which provides customers with instant access to key information
regarding their purchases. We also provide customers with updated information through our website, and we have developed on-line integration
with specific customers, enabling more efficient ordering and timely order fulfillment for those customers. 

4 

We store product inventory
in warehouses located in the Midwest, Southwest and on the East and West coasts of the U.S. as well as in Australia, Canada, France,
India, Mexico, the People s Republic of China and Switzerland. The inventory is located in these locations based on analysis of
customer demand to provide superior service and product availability. 

Competition 

Our principal competitors
include SKF, New Hampshire Ball Bearings, Regal Rexnord, Precision Castparts and Timken, although we compete with different companies
for each of our product lines. We believe that for the majority of our products, the principal competitive factors affecting our business
are product qualifications, product line breadth, service, quality and price. Although some of our current and potential competitors
may have greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than us, we believe that we are well-positioned to compete with
regard to each of these factors in each of the markets in which we operate. 

Product Qualifications.
 Many of the products we produce are qualified for the application by the OEM, the DOD, the FAA, the user or a combination of these.
These credentials have been achieved for thousands of distinct items after years of design, testing and improvement. Applicable Dodge
products are compliant as required with related communications, safety, and Ex certifications for use in North America, Mexico, the EU,
as well as other select international locations. This includes, but is not limited to, ATEX, IECEx, NYCE NOM, and C/US declarations of
conformity. Several of our products are protected by patents, and we believe that in many cases we have strong brand identity or we are
the sole source for products for a particular application. 

Product Line Breadth.
 Our products encompass a broad range of designs which often create a critical mass of complementary bearings, essential systems and
engineered components for our markets. This position provides many of our industrial and aerospace customers with a single manufacturer
to provide the engineering service and product breadth needed to achieve a series of OEM design objectives and/or aftermarket requirements.
This enhances our value to the OEM considerably while strengthening our overall market position. 

Service. Product design,
performance, reliability, availability, quality, and technical and administrative support are elements that define the service standard
for this business. Our customers are sophisticated and demanding, as our products are fundamental and enabling components to the manufacturing
or operation of their machinery. We maintain inventory levels of our most popular items for immediate sale and service. Our customers
have high expectations regarding product availability and quality, and the primary emphasis of our service efforts is to provide the
widest possible range of available products delivered on a timely basis. 

Price. We believe
our products are priced competitively in the markets we serve and we continually evaluate our manufacturing and other operations to maximize
efficiencies in order to maintain competitive prices while maximizing our profit margins. We invest considerable effort to develop our
price-to-value algorithms and we price to market levels where required by competitive pressures. 

Joint Ventures 

Investments in affiliated companies accounted for under the equity method at April 1, 2023
and April 2, 2022 were 0.6 and 0.7, respectively, and were reported within other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Suppliers and Raw Materials 

We obtain raw materials,
component parts and supplies from a variety of sources and generally from more than one supplier. Our principal raw materials are steel
and cast iron. Our suppliers and sources of raw materials are based in the U.S., Europe and Asia. We purchase steel at market prices,
which fluctuate as a result of supply and demand driven by economic conditions in the marketplace. For further discussion of the possible
effects of changes in the cost of raw materials on our business, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Backlog 

As of April 1, 2023, we had order backlog of 663.8 compared to a backlog
of 603.1 as of April 2, 2022. Orders included in our backlog are subject to cancellation, delay or modifications by our customers prior
to fulfillment. We sell many of our products pursuant to contractual agreements, single-source relationships or long-term purchase orders,
each of which may permit early termination by the customer. However, we believe that the unique nature of many of our products prevents
other suppliers from being able to satisfy customer orders on a timely or cost-effective basis, thereby making it impracticable for our
customers to shift their purchase of these products to other suppliers. 

5 

Human Capital 

RBC employs 3,670 people
at our 34 U.S. facilities, approximately 3 of whom are exempt and 97 are non-exempt. In addition, we employ 1,422 people at our 18
facilities located in Canada, Mexico, France, Switzerland, Germany, Poland, India, Australia and China. The majority of our
personnel are RBC employees rather than independent contractors, temporaries or third-party labor provider personnel. 

Our human capital objective
is to attract and retain high-performing people who can work in a culture that fosters innovation and continuous improvement. To achieve
that objective, we maintain an aggressive talent recruitment program, a fair and competitive compensation program, an on-going training
and development program, and an ethical and safe work environment. 

Talent Recruitment. 
Critical to our success is that we have a deep and talented pool of engineers who oversee the production of our current products to the
highest standards, work directly with customers on applications, and direct the research and development for new products. To maintain
that talent pool, we actively recruit engineers from over 40 colleges and universities around the U.S. In addition, we have developed
deep collaborative relationships with a select group of schools, including internship and trainee programs with several of these schools. 

Compensation. We offer
fair and competitive compensation to our employees. Our employee benefits package includes medical, dental and vision coverage, life
insurance, supplemental disability coverage, and 401(k) and supplemental employee retirement plans. In addition, participation in our
long-term equity incentive plan goes very deep in our organization, providing employees with equity compensation/awards that they might
not receive if they worked for one of our competitors. 

Training. An important
part of achieving our human capital objective is our in-house training programs RBC University, Materials University, Mechanical
Engineering Training and the Dodge Customer, Application, Product Training (CAPT) Program. These programs provide our employees with
a uniform foundation regarding how we do business, expand their subject matter expertise, and develop the various leadership positions
across our organization, including plant management and general management. We also offer a tuition reimbursement program for many employees
wishing to further their classroom education in their chosen field. 

Ethics. We expect
our personnel to conduct the business of RBC in a legal and ethical manner. To ensure that they do that, our people are required to comply
at all times with our corporate Code of Conduct, which among other things requires them to: 

deal
 fairly with their coworkers and RBC s customers, suppliers and competitors, 

comply
 with all applicable laws, 

protect
 RBC s proprietary information and other assets, and 

avoid
 conflicts of interest with RBC. 

Workplace Safety. Safety
is of paramount importance to RBC and so we go to great lengths in striving for a zero-incident workplace that is consistent with our
mandate to produce the highest quality, highly engineered components for our customers. Our general managers and operations managers
are charged with creating and maintaining the highest standards of safety for employees, visitors and the local community through the
use of industry best practices at their facilities. Monthly, each of our facilities reports to senior leadership on key safety metrics
and we maintain a proactive approach in assessing and mitigating risk through root cause analysis, communication, training and teamwork. 

Intellectual Property 

We own U.S. and foreign patents
and trademark registrations and U.S. copyright registrations and have U.S. trademark and patent applications pending. We file patent
applications and maintain patents to protect certain technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development of
our business, and we file trademark applications and maintain trademark registrations to protect product names that have achieved brand-name
recognition among our customers. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain
our competitive position. Many of our brands are well recognized by our customers and are considered valuable assets of our business.
We do not believe, however, that any individual item of intellectual property is material to our business. 

6 

Regulation 

Product Approvals. 
Essential to servicing the aerospace and defense markets is the ability to obtain product approvals. We have a substantial number of
product approvals in the form of OEM approvals or Parts Manufacturer Approvals, or PMAs, from the FAA. We also have a number
of active PMA applications in process. These approvals enable us to provide products used in virtually all domestic aircraft platforms
presently in production or operation. 

We are subject to various
other federal laws, regulations and standards. New laws, regulations or standards or changes to existing laws, regulations or standards
could subject us to significant additional costs of compliance or liabilities, and could result in material reductions to our results
of operations, cash flow or revenues. 

Environmental Matters 

We are subject to federal,
state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the storage,
handling and disposal of wastes and the health and safety of employees. We also may be liable under the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act or similar state laws for the costs of investigation and clean-up of contamination at facilities currently
or formerly owned or operated by us, or at other facilities at which we have disposed of hazardous substances. In connection with such
contamination, we may also be liable for natural resource damages, U.S. government penalties and claims by third parties for personal
injury and property damage. Agencies responsible for enforcing these laws have authority to impose significant civil or criminal penalties
for non-compliance. We believe we are currently in material compliance with all applicable requirements of environmental laws. We do
not anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental compliance in fiscal year 2024. 

Available Information 

We file our annual, quarterly
and current reports, proxy statements, and other documents with the Securities Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. The public may read and copy any materials filed with the SEC at the SEC s Office of Investor Education and
Advocacy at 100F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Office of Investor Education
and Advocacy by calling the SEC at 1 800 SEC 0330. Also, the SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports,
proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain
any documents that are filed by us at http://www.sec.gov. 

In addition, this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, as well as our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, any amendments to any of the
foregoing reports, and our governance documents, are made available free of charge on our website (http://www.rbcbearings.com) as
soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Copies of the above reports
and documents will also be provided free of charge upon written request to us. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Cautionary Statement as to Forward-Looking
Information 

This report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities
laws, including: projections of earnings, cash flows, revenue or other financial items; statements of the plans, strategies and objectives
of management for future operations; statements concerning proposed new services or developments; statements regarding future economic
conditions or performance or future growth rates in the markets we serve; statements regarding future raw material costs or supply; statements
of belief; and statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include the words may, 
 could, estimate, intend, plan, continue, believe, 
 expect, anticipate or other comparable terminology, or the negative of such terms. 

Although we believe that
the expectations and assumptions reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially
from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that could cause our actual results, performance and achievements or industry results to
differ materially from estimates or projections contained in forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 

The
 Company s failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
 control over financial reporting; 

Weaknesses
 or cyclicality in any of the industries in which our customers operate; 

Changes
 in marketing, product pricing and sales strategies, or development of new products by us
 or our competitors; 

7 

Future
 reductions in U.S. governmental spending or changes in governmental programs, particularly
 military equipment procurement programs; 

Conditions
 that adversely affect the business of any of our significant customers; 

Our
 ability to obtain and retain product approvals; 

Supply
 and costs of raw materials (particularly steel) and energy resources, the imposition of import
 tariffs, and our ability to pass through these costs on a timely basis; 

Our
 ability to acquire and integrate complementary businesses; 

Unanticipated
 liabilities of acquired businesses; 

Unexpected
 equipment failures or catastrophic events; 

Our
 ability to attract and retain our management team and other highly skilled personnel; 

Work
 stoppages and other labor problems affecting us or our customers or suppliers; 

Changes
 in trade agreements or treaties and the imposition of tariffs on our goods exported to other
 countries; 

Regulatory
 changes or developments in the U.S. or in foreign countries where we produce or sell products; 

Developments
 or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights; 

Risks
 associated with utilizing information technology systems; 

Risks
 associated with operating internationally, including currency translation risks; 

Investors 
 perceptions of us and our industry; 

Risks
 associated with the Dodge acquisition including the possible failure to realize the anticipated
 benefits from the acquisition and problems with the integration of Dodge with our legacy
 business; 

Risks
 associated with the substantial amount of debt we incurred to finance the Dodge acquisition;
 and 

Other
 risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those described from time to time in
 our current and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. 

These and additional factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are set forth in this Annual Report on Form
10-K under Part I, Item 1. Business, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Part II, Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. All forward-looking statements contained in this report and any subsequently filed reports are expressly qualified
in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 

We have no duty to update
any forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations.
You are advised, however, to review any disclosures we make on related subjects in our future periodic filings with the SEC. 

Risk Factors Relating to Our Company 

Our business, operating results,
cash flows or financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks. The trading price of our common
stock or preferred stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you could lose all or part of your investment. You should carefully
consider these risks before investing in shares of our common stock or preferred stock. 

The Company s failure to maintain
effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in
our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse effect
on the Company s financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

A material weakness in a
company s internal control over financial reporting is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of that company s annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

8 

During the first quarter
of fiscal year 2023, the Company s management identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related
to the design of our control to consider all relevant terms within executive employment agreements and the related application of relevant
authoritative accounting guidance for stock-based compensation, a non-cash item. Management then re-evaluated its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting and its disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that they were not effective as
of April 2, 2022, making it necessary for the Company to restate the financial statements for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. Although
we have remediated this material weakness (see Part II, Item 9A of this Annual Report), there can be no assurance that additional material
weaknesses will not occur in the future. 

If the Company is unable
to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our ability to record, process and report financial information
timely and accurately could be adversely affected, which could subject the Company to litigation or investigations, require management
resources, increase costs, negatively affect investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. 

The bearings, engineered components and
essential systems industries are highly competitive, and competition could reduce our profitability or limit our ability to grow. 

The global bearings, engineered
components and essential systems industries are highly competitive, and we compete with many U.S. and non-U.S. companies, some of which
benefit from lower labor costs and fewer regulatory burdens than us. We compete primarily based on product qualifications, product line
breadth, service and price. Certain competitors may be better able to manage costs than us or may have greater financial resources than
we have. Due to the competitiveness in the bearings, engineered components and essential systems industries we may not be able to increase
prices for our products to cover increases in our costs, and we may face pressure to reduce prices, which could materially reduce our
revenues, cash flows and profitability. Competitive factors, including changes in market penetration, increased price competition and
the introduction of new products and technology by existing and new competitors, could result in a material reduction in our revenues,
cash flows and profitability. 

The loss of a major customer, or a material
adverse change in a major customer s business, could result in a material reduction in our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

Our top ten customers
collectively accounted for approximately 41 , 36 and 36 of our net sales during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Accordingly, the loss of one or more of those customers or a substantial decrease in those customers purchases
from us could result in a material reduction in our revenues, cash flows and profitability. If one of our major customers were to
experience an adverse change in its business, that customer could reduce its purchases from us. 

The consolidation and combination
of manufacturers could eliminate customers and/or put downward pricing pressures on sales of component parts. For example, the consolidation
that has occurred in the defense industry in recent years has reduced the overall number of defense contractors. In addition, if one of
our customers is acquired or merged with another entity, the new entity may discontinue using us as a supplier because of an existing
business relationship between one of our competitors and the acquiring company, or because it may be more efficient to consolidate certain
suppliers within the newly formed enterprise. The significance of the impact that such consolidations could have on our business is difficult
to predict because we do not know when or if one or more of our customers will engage in merger or acquisition activity. However, if such
activity involved our material customers it could materially impact our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

Weakness in any of the industries in which
our customers operate, as well as the cyclical nature of our customers businesses generally, could materially reduce our revenues,
cash flows and profitability. 

The commercial aerospace,
mining and construction equipment and other diversified industrial industries to which we sell our products are, to varying degrees,
cyclical and tend to decline in response to overall declines in industrial production. Margins in those industries are highly sensitive
to demand cycles, and our customers (or our customers customers) in those industries historically have tended to delay large capital
purchases and projects, including expensive maintenance and upgrades, during economic downturns. As a result, our business is also cyclical,
and the demand for our products by these customers depends, in part, on overall levels of industrial production, general economic conditions,
and business confidence levels. Many of our customers have historically experienced periodic downturns, which often have had a negative
effect on demand for our products. Future downward economic cycles or customer downturns could reduce sales of our products resulting
in reductions in our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

Future reductions or changes in U.S. government
spending could negatively affect our business. 

In fiscal 2023, approximately
 2 of our net sales were made directly, and we estimate that approximately an additional
8 of our net sales were made indirectly, to the U.S. government to support military or
other government projects. Our failure (or the failure of our customers that are prime contractors to the government) to obtain new government
contracts, the cancellation of government contracts relating to our products, or reductions in federal budget appropriations for programs
in which our products are used could materially reduce our revenues, cash flows and profitability. A reduction in federal budget appropriations
relating to our products could result from a shift in government defense spending to other programs in which we are not involved or a
reduction in U.S. government defense spending generally (due to budget reduction initiatives or a shift in government spending priorities). 

9 

Fluctuating supply and costs of subcomponents,
raw materials and energy resources, or the imposition of import tariffs, could materially reduce our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

Our business is dependent
on the availability and costs of subcomponents, raw materials, particularly steel (generally in the form of stainless and chrome steel,
which are commodity steel products), and energy resources. The availability and prices of subcomponents, raw materials and energy resources
may be subject to change due to, among other things, new laws or regulations, economic inflation, suppliers allocations to other
purchasers, interruptions in production or deliveries by suppliers and changes in exchange rates and supplier costs and profit expectations.
The United States has imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, and could impose tariffs on other items that we import, which could
increase the cost of raw materials and decrease the available supply. Although we currently maintain alternative supply sources, our
business is subject to the risk of price fluctuations and periodic delays in the delivery of certain subcomponents or raw materials.
Disruptions in the supply of subcomponents, raw materials or energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our
products for our customers or require us to pay higher prices in order to obtain these items from other sources, which could thereby
affect our net sales and profitability. 

Where our customer contracts
permit us to do so, we seek to pass through a significant portion of our additional costs to our customers through steel surcharges or
price increases. However, many of our contracts are fixed-price contracts under which we are not able to pass these additional costs
on to our customers. Even where we are able to pass these steel surcharges or price increases to our customers, there may be a lag of
several months between the time we experience a cost increase and the time we are able to implement surcharges or price increases, particularly
for orders already in our backlog. Competitive pressures and the terms of certain of our long-term contracts may require us to absorb
at least part of these cost increases. As a result, our gross margin percentage could decline. We cannot provide assurances that we will
be able to continue to pass these additional costs on to our customers at all or on a timely basis or that our customers will not seek
alternative sources of supply if there are significant or prolonged increases in the price of subcomponents or other raw materials or
energy resources. 

Our results could be impacted by governmental
trade policies and tariffs relating to our supplies imported from foreign vendors or our finished goods exported to other countries. 

From time to time, the U.S.
government has imposed tariffs on the importation of various products that we use to produce our finished goods, and various foreign
countries, including the People s Republic of China, have or could impose retaliatory tariffs on our products exported to those
countries. While this situation has not had a material adverse effect on our business in the past, future tariffs on our foreign-sourced
supplies and/or our finished goods exported to other countries could adversely impact our operating costs or demand for our products. 

Some of our products and operations are
subject to certain approvals and government regulations and the loss of such approvals, or our failure to comply with such regulations,
could materially reduce our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

Essential to servicing the
aerospace market is the ability to obtain product approvals. We have a substantial number of product approvals, which enable us to provide
products used in virtually all domestic aircraft platforms presently in production or operation. Product approvals are typically issued
by the FAA to designated OEMs who are Production Approval Holders of FAA-approved aircraft. These Production Approval Holders provide
quality control oversight and generally limit the number of suppliers directly servicing the commercial aerospace market. Regulations
enacted by the FAA provide for an independent process (the PMA process) that enables suppliers who currently sell their products to the
Production Approval Holders to also sell products to the aftermarket. Our foreign sales may be subject to similar approvals or U.S. export
control restrictions. We cannot assure you that we will not lose approvals for our aerospace products in the future. The loss or suspension
of product approvals could result in lost sales and materially reduce our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

The repair and overhaul of
aircraft parts and accessories throughout the world is highly regulated by government agencies, including the FAA. Our repair and overhaul
operations are subject to certification pursuant to regulations established by the FAA and foreign government agencies, with regulations
varying from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries.
Our failure to comply with these regulations, or our compliance with new and more stringent government regulations, if enacted, could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

10 

As a U.S. government contractor,
we are subject to various procurement and other laws, regulations and contract terms applicable to our industry, including the FAR, the
DFARS, the Truth in Negotiations Act, the False Claims Act, the Procurement Integrity Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
promulgated under the Arms Export Control Act, the Close the Contractor Fraud Loophole Act, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and CAS,
and we could be adversely affected by any negative finding by the U.S. government as to our compliance with them, including suspension
or debarment from future government contracting. 

The retirement of commercial aircraft could
reduce our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

We sell replacement parts
used in the repair and overhaul of jet engine and aircraft components, as well as provide such repair and overhaul services ourselves.
As aircraft or engines for which we offer replacement parts or repair and overhaul services are retired, demand for these parts and services
could decline and could reduce our revenue, cash flows and profitability. 

Risks associated with utilizing information
technology systems could adversely affect our operations. 

We rely upon our information
technology IT systems to process, transmit and store electronic information to manage and operate our business. Further,
in the ordinary course of business we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, on our networks. The secure maintenance
and transmission of this information is critical to our business operations. 

We may face cyber events
and other IT security threats, including malware, ransomware, phishing and other intrusions, to our IT infrastructure, attempts to gain
unauthorized access to proprietary, classified or confidential information, and threats to the physical security of our IT systems. As
a U.S. government contractor, our risk of cyber events may be greater than the risk faced by other companies that are not government
contractors. In addition to security threats, our IT systems may also be subject to network, software or hardware failures. The unavailability
of our IT systems, the failure of these systems to perform as anticipated, or any significant breach of data security could cause loss
of data, disrupt our operations, require significant management attention and resources, subject us to liability to third parties, regulatory
actions, or contract termination, and negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, which could have a negative
impact on our financial and competitive position, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, our business with our customers and
vendors could be impacted by cyber events on their IT systems. 

To address the risk to our
IT systems and data, we maintain an IT security program designed to resist cyber events and to mitigate the damage from successful events.
A cyber event occurred in February 2021 that disrupted our IT systems. We took immediate steps to address the incident, including engaging
two IT security and forensics experts to assess the impact to any affected data and to correct the security weakness that was exploited
in the event. Based upon the forensic review, there was no evidence of data access or exfiltration and no material impact to the operations
of the Company. Since the cyber event the Company has implemented a variety of measures to enhance and modernize our systems to guard
against similar incidents in the future, and is also enhancing the Company s recovery capabilities in the event of future incidents.
We continue to evaluate the need to upgrade and/or replace our systems and network infrastructure to protect our IT environment, improve
the effectiveness of our systems, and strengthen our cybersecurity program. However, these upgrades and replacements may not result in
the protection or improvements anticipated. 

Work stoppages and other labor problems
could materially reduce our ability to operate our business. 

We currently have three collective
bargaining agreements covering employees at our Plymouth, Indiana, Fairfield, Connecticut and West Trenton, New Jersey facilities, representing
approximately 9 of our U.S.-based hourly employees as of April 1, 2023. While we believe our relations with our employees are satisfactory,
the inability to satisfactorily negotiate and enter into new collective bargaining agreements upon expiration, or a lengthy strike or
other work stoppage at any of our facilities, particularly at some of our larger facilities, could materially reduce our ability to operate
our business. In addition, any attempt by our employees not currently represented by a union to join a union could result in additional
expenses, including with respect to wages, benefits and pension obligations. 

In addition, work stoppages
at one or more of our customers or suppliers (including suppliers of transportation services), many of which have large unionized workforces,
could also cause disruptions to our business that we cannot control, and these disruptions could materially reduce our revenues, cash
flows and profitability. 

11 

Unexpected equipment failures or catastrophic
events could increase our costs and reduce our sales due to production curtailments or shutdowns. 

Our manufacturing processes
are dependent upon critical pieces of turning, milling, grinding, and electrical equipment, and this equipment could, on occasion, be
out of service as a result of unanticipated failures. In addition to equipment failures, our facilities are also subject to the risk
of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events such as fires, explosions, earthquakes or violent weather conditions. In the future,
we could experience material plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production as a result of these types of equipment failures or catastrophes.
Interruptions in production capabilities would inevitably increase our production costs and reduce revenues, cash flows and profitability
for the affected period. 

We may not be able to continue to make the
acquisitions necessary for us to realize our growth strategy. 

The acquisition of businesses
that complement or expand our operations is an important element of our business strategy. We frequently engage in evaluations of potential
acquisitions and negotiations for possible acquisitions, some of which, if consummated, could be significant to us. We cannot assure
you that we will be successful in identifying attractive acquisition candidates or completing acquisitions on favorable terms in the
future. Our inability to acquire businesses, or to operate them profitably once acquired, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial position, cash flow and growth. 

Our ability to realize anticipated
benefits and synergies from our acquisitions could be affected by a number of factors, including: the need for greater than expected
cash or other financial resources or management time in order to implement or integrate acquisitions; increases in other expenses related
to an acquisition, including restructuring and other exit costs; the timing and impact of purchase accounting adjustments; difficulties
in employee or management integration, including labor disruptions or disputes; and unanticipated liabilities associated with acquired
businesses. 

Any potential cost-saving
opportunities may take several quarters following an acquisition to implement, and any results of these actions may not be realized for
several quarters thereafter, if at all. 

Businesses that we acquire may have liabilities
for which we are liable. 

In order to complete an acquisition,
it may be necessary for us to assume the liabilities of the acquired business, which was the case in the Dodge acquisition. These liabilities
may be known at the time of the acquisition, but could be underestimated by us, or they may not be known to us until after the acquisition.
In the case of an acquisition in which we do not assume all the liabilities of the acquired business, we obtain indemnification from
the seller against the unassumed liabilities, although no assurance can be given that such indemnification will be sufficient in amount,
scope or duration to fully offset the risk of the unassumed liabilities. Liabilities of acquired businesses that ultimately are borne
by us (either because we assume them or our indemnification right proves to be insufficient or unenforceable) could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, after we complete an acquisition we may learn of other
matters that adversely affect us, such as issues relating to the acquired business s compliance with applicable laws, or issues
relating to its supply chain, customer relationships or order demand. 

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles
comprise a significant portion of our total assets, and if we determine that goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles have become impaired
in the future, our results of operations and financial condition in such years may be materially and adversely affected. 

Goodwill represents the excess
of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. Indefinite-lived intangibles represent repair station
certifications obtained in business combinations and assumed to have indefinite lives. As of April 1, 2023, we had 1,869.8 of goodwill
and 24.3 of indefinite-lived intangibles, representing approximately 40 of our total assets. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangibles at least annually for impairment and any excess in carrying value over the estimated fair value is charged to the results
of operations. Our estimates of fair value are based on assumptions about the future operating cash flows, growth rates, discount rates
applied to these cash flows, and current market estimates of value. If we are required to record a charge to earnings because of an impairment
of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

We depend heavily on our senior management
and other key personnel, the loss of whom could materially affect our financial performance and prospects. 

Our business is managed by
a number of key personnel, including our CEO Dr. Michael J. Hartnett. Our future success will depend on, among
other things, our ability to retain the services of these personnel and to hire their successors and other highly qualified employees
at all levels. 

12 

Our international operations are subject
to risks inherent in such activities. 

We have operations in Australia,
Canada, France, Germany, India, Mexico, the Peoples Republic of China, Poland and Switzerland. Of our 52 facilities in 10 countries,
18 are located outside the U.S., including 10 manufacturing facilities in four countries . 

In fiscal 2023, approximately
12 of our net sales were generated by our international operations. We expect that this proportion is likely to increase as we seek
to increase our penetration of foreign markets, including through acquisitions such as Dodge, which included operations in Australia,
Canada, India, Mexico and China. Our foreign operations are subject to the risks inherent in such activities such as: currency devaluations,
logistical and communication challenges, costs of complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, greater difficulties in protecting
and maintaining our rights to intellectual property, difficulty in staffing and managing geographically diverse operations, acts of terrorism
or war or other acts that may cause social disruption which are difficult to quantify or predict, and general economic conditions in
these foreign markets. Our international operations may be negatively impacted by changes in government policies, such as changes in
laws and regulations, restrictions on imports and exports, sources of supply, duties or tariffs, the introduction of measures to control
inflation, and changes in the rate or method of taxation. To date we have not experienced significant difficulties with the foregoing
risks associated with our international operations. 

Currency translation risks may have a material
impact on our results of operations. 

The majority of our foreign
operations utilize the local currency as their functional currency. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in earnings.
Foreign currency transaction exposure arises primarily from the transfer of foreign currency from one subsidiary to another within the
group and to foreign currency-denominated trade receivables. Unrealized currency translation gains and losses are recorded on the balance
sheet upon translation of the foreign operations functional currency to the reporting currency. Because our financial statements
are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies used by our international
operations have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our earnings. We periodically enter into derivative financial instruments
such as forward exchange contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates on certain third-party sales transactions denominated
in non-functional currencies. Currency fluctuations may affect our financial performance in the future and we cannot predict the impact
of future exchange rate fluctuations on our results of operations. See Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk Foreign Currency Exchange Rates of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We may incur material losses for product
liability and recall-related claims. 

We are subject to a risk
of product and recall-related liability in the event that the failure, use or misuse of any of our products results in personal injury,
death or property damage or our products do not conform to our customers specifications. In particular, our products are installed
in a number of types of vehicle fleets, including airplanes, trains, automobiles, heavy trucks and farm equipment, many of which may
be subject to government-ordered recalls as well as voluntary recalls by the manufacturer. If one of our products is found to be defective,
causes a fleet to be disabled or otherwise results in a product recall, significant claims may be brought against us. We currently maintain
insurance coverage for product liability claims but not for recall-related claims. We cannot assure you that product liability claims,
if made, would be covered by our insurance or would not exceed our insurance coverage limits. Claims that are not covered by insurance,
or that exceed insurance coverage limits, could result in material losses. Claims that are covered by insurance could result in increased
future insurance costs. 

Our intellectual property and proprietary
information are valuable, and any inability to protect them could adversely affect our business and results of operations; in addition,
we may be subject to infringement claims by third parties. 

Our ability to compete effectively
is dependent upon our ability to protect and preserve the intellectual property and proprietary information owned, licensed or otherwise
used by us. We have numerous U.S. and foreign trademark registrations and patents. We also have U.S. and foreign trademark and patent
applications pending. We cannot assure you that our pending trademark and patent applications will result in trademark registrations
and issued patents, and our failure to secure rights under these applications may limit our ability to protect the intellectual property
rights that these applications were intended to cover. Although we have attempted to protect our intellectual property and proprietary
information both in the United States and in foreign countries through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret
protection, and non-disclosure agreements, these steps may be insufficient to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property and
proprietary information, particularly in foreign countries where the protection available for such intellectual property and proprietary
information may be limited. We cannot assure you that any of our intellectual property rights will not be infringed upon or that our
trade secrets will not be misappropriated or otherwise become known to or independently developed by competitors. We may not have adequate
remedies available for any such infringement or other unauthorized use. We cannot assure you that any infringement claims asserted by
us will not result in our intellectual property being challenged or invalidated, that our intellectual property will be held to be of
adequate scope to protect our business, or that we will be able to deter current and former employees, contractors or other parties from
breaching confidentiality obligations and misappropriating trade secrets. 

13 

We could become subject to
litigation claiming that our intellectual property or proprietary information infringes the rights of a third party. In that event, we
could incur substantial defense costs and, if such litigation is successful, we could be required to pay the claimant damages for our
past use of such intellectual property or proprietary information, and we could either be required to pay royalties for our use of it
in the future or be prohibited from using it in the future. Our inability to use our intellectual property and proprietary information
on a cost-effective basis in the future could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, cash flow and profitability. See Part I,
Item 1. Business Intellectual Property of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Cancellation of orders in our backlog could
negatively impact our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

As of April 1, 2023, we had
an order backlog of 663.8. However, orders included in our backlog may be subject to cancellation, delay or other modifications by our
customers and we cannot assure you that these orders will ultimately be fulfilled. 

Quarterly performance can be affected by
the timing of government product inspections and approvals. 

A portion of our
revenue is associated with contracts with the U.S. government that require onsite inspection and approval of the products by government
personnel before we may ship the products, and we have no control over the timing of those inspections and approvals. If products scheduled
for delivery in one quarter are not inspected or approved until the following quarter, the delay would adversely affect our sales and
profitability for the quarter in which the shipments were scheduled. 

We may fail to realize some of the anticipated
benefits of the Dodge acquisition or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. 

Since our acquisition of
our Dodge business in November 2021, we have realized certain benefits and synergies through leveraging the products, scale and combined
enterprise customer bases of our legacy business and the Dodge business, and we believe that there are additional benefits and synergies
that can be realized in the future. However, no assurance can be given that these additional benefits and synergies will be realized
or that they will be realized in a timely manner. Failure to achieve these could adversely affect our results of operations or cash flows. 

We incurred substantial debt in order to
complete the Dodge acquisition, which could constrain our business and exposes us to the risk of defaults under our debt instruments.

As of November 1, 2021, we
had approximately 1,800.0 of total debt as a result of the completion of the Dodge acquisition. As of April 1, 2023, our total debt
was 1,395.0. This debt could or will have important consequences, including, but not limited to: 

this debt requires us to make significant
 interest and principal payments in the future; 

a substantial portion of our cash
 flow from operations will be used to repay the principal and interest on our debt, thereby
 reducing the funds available to us for other purposes including for strategic acquisitions,
 working capital, capital expenditures, and general corporate purposes; 

our flexibility in planning for and
 reacting to changes in our business, the competitive landscape and the markets in which we
 operate may be limited; and 

we may be placed at a competitive
 disadvantage relative to other companies in our industry with less debt or comparable debt
 on more favorable terms. 

Our ability to make scheduled
payments on and to refinance our indebtedness depends on and is subject to our financial and operating performance and no assurance can
be given that our business will generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt. 

Additionally, our ability
to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in our debt instruments could be affected by, among other things, changes
in our results of operations, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the pricing of our products, our success at implementing cost
reduction initiatives, our ability to successfully implement our overall business strategy, or changes in industry-specific or general
economic conditions which are beyond our control. The breach of any of these covenants could result in a default or event of default
under our debt instruments, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their
due date. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or cannot refinance these borrowings, our prospects,
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected and could cause us to
become bankrupt or otherwise insolvent. In addition, these covenants may restrict our ability to engage in transactions that we believe
would otherwise be in the best interests of our business and stockholders. 

14 

Increases in interest rates would increase
the cost of servicing our term loan and could reduce our profitability. 

As of April 1, 2023,
 600.0 of our term loan was subject to a fixed-rate interest swap but the remaining 300.0 balance of the term loan bears interest
at a variable rate. Future increases in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing the portion of the term loan not subject
to a swap, which could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. 

Risk Factors Related to our Capital Stock 

Provisions in our charter documents may
prevent or hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us. 

Provisions of our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider
favorable, including transactions that might benefit our stockholders or in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium
for their shares. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. 

Pursuant to our charter documents,
our Board of Directors (the Board consists of eight members serving staggered three-year terms and divided into three
classes. As a result, two annual meetings are required to change a majority of the Board members. 

Our certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Board, without stockholder approval. We utilized this authorization to issue 4,600,000 shares of 5.00 Series
A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock MCPS in fiscal 2022. Certain terms of the MCPS could make an attempt to acquire
RBC more difficult or expensive. In the future the Board could authorize the issuance of additional preferred stock with rights, preferences
and privileges that rank equally with the MCPS, or that could have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control
of us, or that could impede our stockholders ability to approve a transaction they consider in their best interests. Although
we have no present intention to issue any additional preferred stock, no assurance can be given that we will not do so in the future.
Holders of our common stock do not have preemptive rights to subscribe for a pro rata portion of preferred stock or any other capital
stock that we may issue in the future. 

We do not expect
to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and our ability to pay dividends on the MCPS is subject to various
limitations. 

Except for a 2.00 per common
share special dividend paid in 2014, we have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends
on the common stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to apply earnings and excess cash, if any, to the service of our debt,
the payment of quarterly dividends on the MCPS, and the expansion and development of our business. Thus, any return on an investment
in our common stock would depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of the common stock. 

Our ability to pay dividends
on the MCPS depends on several factors including: 

The amount of cash we have on hand
 and cash generated by our business; 

Our anticipated financing needs,
 including our debt service obligations; 

The ability of our subsidiaries to
 distribute cash to our parent company, which issued the MCPS; 

Regulatory restrictions on our ability
 to pay dividends, including those under the Delaware General Corporation Law; and 

Contractual restrictions on our ability
 to pay dividends, including under our bank credit agreement with Wells Fargo. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

None 

15 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive office
consists of approximately 70,000 square feet located at One Tribology Center, Oxford, Connecticut, which we own, and our Dodge Industrial
subsidiary has approximately 75,000 square feet of office space in Simpsonville, South Carolina, which we lease. 

Our Industrial business segment
maintains approximately 1,725,000 square feet of manufacturing space across 14 facilities in California, Connecticut, Indiana, New Jersey,
North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Tennessee, some of which we own and some of which we lease. This manufacturing space
includes approximately 460,000 square feet in two owned facilities in North Carolina and South Carolina, and approximately 650,000 square
feet in three leased facilities in North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee, all of which are used by Dodge Industrial. The Industrial
business segment also maintains approximately 467,000 square feet of manufacturing space across six leased facilities in China, Mexico
and Switzerland and two owned facilities in Poland and Switzerland. 

Our Aerospace/Defense business
segment maintain approximately 840,000 square feet of manufacturing space across 13 facilities in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Georgia
Indiana and South Carolina, some of which we own and some of which we lease. This manufacturing space includes 163,000 square feet in
one owned facility in Arizona. The Aerospace/Defense business segment also maintains approximately 108,000 square feet of manufacturing
space across two leased facilities in Mexico. 

We own or lease approximately
239,000 square feet in three distribution centers located in California, South Carolina, and Tennessee, and we also lease several sales
offices in various locations in the United States, Canada, France, China, Germany India and Australia. We also utilize third party logistics 
firms located strategically around the world to supplement distribution of our products. 

We believe that as the term
for each of our leased facilities expires we will be able to either secure a renewal or enter into a lease for an alternate location on
market terms. 

We believe that our existing facilities and equipment are generally in good condition, are
well maintained and adequate to carry on our current operations. We also believe that our existing manufacturing facilities have sufficient
capacity to meet increased customer demand. 

16 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

On March 9, 2022 and March 21, 2023, the Company received civil investigative
demands from the United States Department of Justice pursuant to the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3733 (the FCA ).
The investigation concerns allegations that the Company submitted false claims in connection with (i) certifying that the Company s
employees were eligible for unemployment insurance benefits and pandemic relief and worked reduced hours and (ii) received grant proceeds
in violation of the FCA. The Company is cooperating with the investigation. As the investigation is in its early stages, it is not possible
to determine whether the investigation will have a material adverse effect, if any, on the Company. 

Besides the matter described in the previous paragraph, from time to time we are involved in litigation that arises in the
ordinary course of business, but we do not believe that any such litigation in which we are currently involved, either individually or in the aggregate, is likely to have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow or prospects. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
OF THE REGISTRANT 

Our executive officers are
appointed by the Board normally for a term of one year and/or until the appointment of their successors. All executive officers have
been employed by the Company at their current positions during the past five-year period except as noted below. Our executive officers
as of May 19, 2023 are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Year 
 Appointed 
 
 Current Position and Previous
 Positions During Last Five Years 
 
 Michael J. Hartnett 
 
 77 
 
 1992 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Daniel A. Bergeron 
 
 63 
 
 2017 
 
 Director, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 Patrick S. Bannon 
 
 58 
 
 2017 
 
 Vice President and General Manager. 
 
 Richard J. Edwards 
 
 67 
 
 1996 
 
 Vice President and General Manager. 
 
 John J. Feeney 
 
 54 
 
 2020 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Served as Assistant General Counsel from 2014 to 2020. 
 
 Robert M. Sullivan 
 
 39 
 
 2020 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Served as Corporate Controller from 2017 to 2020. 

17 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Price range of our Common Stock and Preferred
Stock 

Our common stock is quoted
on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RBC. As of May 12, 2023, there was one holder of record of our common stock. 

The following table shows
the high and low sales prices of our common stock during the periods indicated: 

Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 202.73 
 152.90 
 208.11 
 185.00 
 
 Second Quarter 
 264.94 
 179.21 
 250.52 
 179.60 
 
 Third Quarter 
 256.29 
 202.13 
 242.74 
 188.51 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 254.50 
 204.67 
 214.80 
 165.99 

The last reported sale price of our common stock
on the New York Stock Exchange on May 12, 2023 was 217.99
per share. 

Our preferred stock is quoted
on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RBCP. As of May 12, 2023, there was one holder of record of our preferred
stock. 

18 

The following table shows
the high and low sales prices of our preferred stock during the periods indicated: 

Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 102.93 
 81.01 

Second Quarter 
 127.19 
 92.95 
 126.88 
 101.00 
 
 Third Quarter 
 123.15 
 101.39 
 122.74 
 101.17 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 121.21 
 101.57 
 109.76 
 91.35 

The last reported sale price of our preferred
stock on the New York Stock Exchange on May 12, 2023 was 107.33 per share. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

In 2019, our Board of Directors
authorized us to repurchase up to 100.0 of our common stock from time to time on the open market, in block trade transactions, and through
privately negotiated transactions, in compliance with SEC Rule 10b-18 depending on market conditions, alternative uses of capital, and
other relevant factors. Purchases may be commenced, suspended, or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 

Total share repurchases under
the 2019 plan for the three months ended April 1, 2023 are as follows: 

Period 
 Total 
 number 
 of shares 
 purchased 
 Average 
 price paid 
 per share 
 Number
 of 
 shares 
 purchased
 
 as part of the 
 publicly 
 announced 
 program 
 Approximate 
 dollar value 
 of shares still 
 available to be 
 purchased under 
 the program 
 (in millions) 
 
 01/01/2023 01/28/2023 
 10 
 206.82 
 10 
 72.5 
 
 01/29/2023 02/25/2023 
 5,014 
 239.72 
 5,014 
 71.3 
 
 02/26/2023 04/01/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 71.3 
 
 Total 
 5,024 
 239.65 
 5,024 

During the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2023, we did not issue any common stock that was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

Information regarding equity
compensation plans required to be disclosed pursuant to this Item is included in Part II, Item 8, Note 17 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

19 

Performance Graph 

The following graph shows
the total return to our stockholders compared to the Russell 3000 Index, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P 400 Industrials (Sector)
(TR) over the period from March 31, 2018 to April 1, 2023. Because of the diversity of our markets and products, we do not believe that
a combination of peer issuers can be selected on an industry or line-of-business basis to provide a meaningful basis for comparing shareholder
return. Accordingly, the Russell 3000 Index, which is comprised of issuers with generally similar market capitalizations to that of the
Company, is included in the graph as permitted by applicable regulations. Each line on the graph assumes that 100 was invested in our
common stock or in the respective indices on March 31, 2018 based on the closing price on that date. The graph then presents the value
of these investments, assuming reinvestment of dividends, through the close of trading on April 1, 2023. 

March 31, 2018 
 March 30, 2019 
 March 28, 2020 
 April 3, 2021 
 April 2, 2022 
 April 1, 2023 
 
 RBC Bearings Incorporated 
 100.00 
 102.39 
 88.57 
 159.53 
 157.45 
 187.36 
 
 Nasdaq Composite Index 
 100.00 
 110.63 
 108.51 
 196.56 
 209.32 
 181.00 
 
 Russell 3000 Index 
 100.00 
 108.77 
 97.27 
 162.70 
 180.59 
 164.37 
 
 S P 400 Industrials (Sector) (TR) 
 100.00 
 101.24 
 79.96 
 156.48 
 161.22 
 167.69 

The cumulative total return
shown on the stock performance graph indicates historical results only and may not be indicative of future results. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The financial and business
analysis below provides information which we believe is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. This financial and business analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and related notes. All references to Notes in this Item 7 refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The following discussion
contains statements reflecting our views about our future performance that constitute forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See the information provided
in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Cautionary Statement as to
Forward-Looking Information. 

20 

General 

We are a well-known international
manufacturer of highly engineered precision bearings, components and essential systems for the industrial, defense and aerospace industries.
Our precision solutions are integral to the manufacture and operation of most machines and mechanical systems, reduce wear to moving
parts, facilitate proper power transmission, and reduce damage and energy loss caused by friction. While we manufacture products in all
major bearing categories, we focus primarily on the higher end of the bearing market where we believe our value-added manufacturing and
engineering capabilities enable us to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and enhance profitability. We believe our unique expertise
has enabled us to garner leading positions in many of the product markets in which we primarily compete. With 52 facilities in 10 countries,
of which 37 are manufacturing facilities, we have been able to significantly broaden our end markets, products, customer base and geographic
reach. We have a fiscal year consisting of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Saturday closest to March 31. Based on this policy, fiscal
year 2023 had 52 weeks and fiscal year 2022 had 52 weeks. We currently operate under two reportable business segments Aerospace/Defense
and Industrial: 

Aerospace/Defense. This
 segment represents the end markets for the Company s highly engineered bearings and
 precision components used in commercial aerospace, defense aerospace, and marine and ground
 defense applications. 

Industrial. This segment
 represents the end markets for the Company s highly engineered bearings, gearings and
 precision components used in various industrial applications including: power transmission;
 construction, mining, energy and specialized equipment manufacturing; semiconductor production
 equipment manufacturing; agricultural machinery, commercial truck and automotive manufacturing;
 and tool holding. 

The markets for our products
are cyclical, and we have endeavored to mitigate this cyclicality by entering into single and sole-source relationships and long-term
purchase agreements, through diversification across multiple market segments within the Aerospace/Defense and Industrial segments, by
increasing sales to the aftermarket, and by focusing on developing highly customized solutions. 

Currently, our strategy
is built around maintaining our role as a leading manufacturer of highly engineered bearings and precision components through
the following efforts: 

Developing innovative solutions .
 By leveraging our design and manufacturing expertise and our extensive customer relationships,
 we continue to develop new products for markets in which there are substantial growth opportunities. 

Expanding customer base and
 penetrating end markets . We continually seek opportunities to access new customers,
 geographic locations and bearing platforms with existing products or profitable new product
 opportunities. 

Increasing aftermarket sales.
 We believe that increasing our aftermarket sales of replacement parts will further
 enhance the continuity and predictability of our revenues and enhance our profitability.
 Such sales include sales to third party distributors, and sales to OEMs for replacement products
 and aftermarket services. The acquisition of Dodge has had a profound impact on our sales
 volumes to distributors and other aftermarket customers. We will further increase the percentage
 of our revenues derived from the replacement market by continuing to implement several initiatives. 

Pursuing selective acquisitions.
 The acquisition of businesses that complement or expand our operations has been and
 continues to be an important element of our business strategy. We believe that there will
 continue to be consolidation within the industry that may present us with acquisition opportunities. 

We have demonstrated expertise
in acquiring and integrating bearing and precision engineered component manufacturers that have complementary products or distribution
channels and have provided significant margin enhancement. We have consistently increased the profitability of acquired businesses through
a process of methods and systems improvement coupled with the introduction of complementary and proprietary new products. Since 1992
we have completed 27 acquisitions, which have broadened our end markets, products, customer base and geographic reach. 

21 

Outlook 

Our net sales increased
55.8 year over year due to an increase of 85.0 in Industrial segment sales and an increase of 12.8 in Aerospace and Defense
segment sales. Approximately 743.1 of the Industrial segment sales were from the Dodge business. Excluding those sales, Industrial
segment sales increased 9.8 year over year, reflecting sustained growth across many different areas, including in the
semiconductor, energy, mining, and the general industrial markets. 

Aerospace and Defense segment
sales increased 12.8 year over year. Commercial aerospace increased 25.4 , reliably demonstrating the continued recovery and early stages
of a growth cycle that we anticipate to continue into the next fiscal year. Defense sales, which represent approximately 31.8 of segment
sales during the year, were down more than 7.0 for the year. Defense sales were negatively impacted by the timing of shipments associated
with our marine business. This is not expected to continue, as our backlog in this end market is significant and deliveries are expected
to accelerate in the coming years. 

For the fiscal year
ended April 1, 2023, approximately 70.7 of our net sales were attributable to the Industrial segment while the Aerospace/Defense
segment contributed approximately 29.3 of our net sales. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, approximately 69.1 of our net
sales were attributable to the Industrial segment compared to approximately 30.9 for the Aerospace/Defense segment. Approximately
68.1 of Industrial segment sales in the fourth quarter were to distribution and aftermarket while approximately 31.9 were made
directly to OEMs. Approximately 28.3 of our Aerospace/Defense segment sales were to the defense market in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. The Company expects net
sales to be approximately 380.0 to 390.0 in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, compared to 354.1 in the first quarter of fiscal
2023, which represents a growth rate of 7.3 to 10.1 . 

We ended fiscal 2023 with
a backlog of 663.8 compared to 603.1 for the same period last year, representing a 10.1 increase year over year. This increase reflects
the continued growth in all of our end markets, especially in our commercial aerospace and marine defense end markets. 

We experienced solid operating
cash flow generation during fiscal 2023 (as discussed in the section Liquidity and Capital Resources below). We believe
that operating cash flows and available credit under the Revolving Credit Facility and New Foreign Revolver will provide adequate resources
to fund internal growth initiatives for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 12 months. For further discussion regarding
the funding of the Dodge acquisition, refer to Part II, Item 8 Notes 9, 12 and 17. As of April 1, 2023, we had cash and cash
equivalents of 65.4, of which, approximately 34.0 was cash held by our foreign operations. 

Sources of Revenue 

A contract with a customer
exists when there is commitment and approval from both parties involved, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are
defined, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. The Company has determined that the contract
with the customer is established when the customer purchase order is accepted or acknowledged. Long-term agreements (LTAs) are used by
the Company and certain of its customers to reduce their supply uncertainty for a period of time, typically multiple years. While these
LTAs define commercial terms including pricing, termination rights and other contractual requirements, they do not represent the contract
with the customer for revenue recognition purposes. 

Approximately 98 and 97 
of the Company s revenue was generated from the sale of products to customers in the industrial and aerospace/defense markets for
each of the years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. During fiscal 2023, approximately 2 of the Company s revenue
was derived from services performed for customers, which included repair and refurbishment work performed on customer-controlled assets
as well as design and test work, compared to approximately 3 for fiscal 2022. 

Refer to Note 2 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies for further discussion regarding the Company s revenue policy. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales includes employee
compensation and benefits, raw materials, outside processing, depreciation of manufacturing machinery and equipment, supplies and manufacturing
overhead. 

22 

Less than half of our factory
costs, depending on product mix, are attributable to raw materials, purchased components and outside processing. When we experience raw
material inflation, we attempt to offset these cost increases by changing our buying patterns, expanding our vendor network and passing
through price increases when possible. Although we experienced cost inflation on raw material for this fiscal year, we were able to mitigate
it through pricing and strategic sourcing efforts. 

We monitor gross margin performance
through a process of monthly operation reviews with all our divisions. We develop new products to target certain markets allied to our
strategies by first understanding volume levels and product pricing and then constructing manufacturing strategies to achieve defined
margin objectives. We only pursue product lines where we believe that the developed manufacturing process will yield the targeted margins.
Management monitors gross margins of all product lines on a monthly basis to determine which manufacturing processes or prices should
be adjusted. 

Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 

Results of Operations 

(dollars in millions) 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Net sales 
 1,469.3 
 942.9 
 526.4 
 55.8 
 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 143.8 
 42.7 
 101.1 
 236.6 
 
 Net income per common share attributable to common stockholders: Diluted 
 4.94 
 1.56 

Weighted average common shares attributable to common stockholders: Diluted 
 29,072,429 
 27,311,029 

Net sales for the fiscal year
ended April 1, 2023 increased 526.4, or 55.8 , for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. This increase in net sales was the result of
an 85.0 increase in our Industrial segment, while sales in our Aerospace/Defense segment increased 12.8 year over year. Included in
the increase in our Industrial segment was the impact of the Dodge acquisition, which contributed 743.1 of sales during the year. Excluding
the impact of Dodge, total net sales increased 11.5 , and Industrial sales increased 9.8 year over year. The increase in Industrial segment
sales reflects a pattern of sustained growth during the year, led by results in semiconductor, mining, energy, and general industrial
markets. Within Aerospace/Defense, total commercial aerospace increased 25.4 and defense decreased 7.1 year over year. The commercial
aerospace increase reflects the recovery in the market over the last year, and the start of a growth cycle as aircraft build rates at
large OEMs escalate in coming years. 

Net income attributable to common stockholders
increased by 101.1 to 143.8 for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The net income attributable to common stockholders of 143.8 in
fiscal 2023 was impacted by 8.8 of transition service agreement (TSA) costs associated with the Dodge acquisition, 2.7 of restructuring
and consolidation charges incurred at some of our plants located in South Carolina, 76.7 of interest expense, 22.9 of preferred stock
dividends and 43.0 of income tax expense. The net income attributable to common stockholders of 42.7 in fiscal 2022 was impacted by
 13.8 of inventory purchase accounting adjustments associated with the Dodge acquisition, 30.6 of other costs associated with the Dodge
acquisition, 41.5 of interest expense, 12.0 of preferred stock dividends and 24.0 of income tax expense. 

Gross Margin 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Gross Margin 
 604.8 
 357.1 
 247.7 
 69.4 
 
 Gross Margin 
 41.2 
 37.9 

Gross margin was 41.2 of sales for fiscal 2023
compared to 37.9 for the same period last year. Gross margin during fiscal 2023 included 0.2 of inventory rationalization costs associated
with consolidation efforts at one of our facilities located in South Carolina. Gross margin in fiscal 2022 included the unfavorable impact
of 13.8 of purchase accounting adjustments associated with the Dodge acquisition and 0.9 of other inventory rationalization costs associated
with consolidation efforts at one of our facilities. The expansion in margin during fiscal 2023 reflects the combination of continued
cost efficiencies achieved through integration, product mix, pricing and the ability to maintain appropriate pricing levels while facing
an inflationary environment both as it relates to manufacturing costs and human capital. 

23 

Selling, General and Administrative 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 SG A 
 229.7 
 167.6 
 62.1 
 37.0 
 
 of net sales 
 15.6 
 17.8 

SG A expenses increased
by 62.1 to 229.7 for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Included in the fiscal 2023 result is 97.9 of costs from the Dodge business,
while fiscal 2022 only included five months of costs. As a percentage of sales, SG A decreased more than 200 basis points, which was
driven by efficiencies achieved through the integration of Dodge as well as a decrease of 18.9 of stock-based compensation year over
year. 

Other, Net 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Other, net 
 82.1 
 68.4 
 13.7 
 20.0 
 
 of net sales 
 5.6 
 7.3 

Other operating expenses
for fiscal 2023 totaled 82.1 compared to 68.4 for fiscal 2022. For fiscal 2023, other operating expenses were comprised of 8.9 of
TSA costs and other costs associated with the Dodge acquisition, 69.1 of amortization expense, 2.5 of plant consolidation and
restructuring costs, 0.8 of bad debt expense, 0.3 of asset impairments, 0.3 of losses on disposal of assets, and 0.2 of other
items. For fiscal 2022, other operating expenses were comprised of 30.6 of costs associated with the Dodge acquisition, 34.7 of
amortization expense, 1.1 of plant consolidation and restructuring costs, 0.5 of bad debt expense, 0.3 of losses on disposal of
assets, and 1.2 of other items. 

Interest Expense, Net 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Interest expense 
 76.7 
 41.5 
 35.2 
 84.8 
 
 of net sales 
 5.2 
 4.4 

Interest expense, net, generally
consists of interest charged on our debt and amortization of debt issuance costs offset by interest income (see Liquidity and
Capital Resources Liquidity below). Interest expense, net was 76.7 for fiscal 2023 compared to 41.5 for fiscal 2022.
This included amortization of debt issuance costs of 7.2 for fiscal 2023 and 18.9 for fiscal 2022. Included in the debt issuance cost
amortization in fiscal 2022 was 16.6 associated with the fees for a 2,800.0 bridge commitment obtained in connection with the Dodge
acquisition. The increase in interest expense is primarily attributable to the Company now having a full twelve months of interest expense
associated with the financing secured to acquire Dodge on November 1, 2021 as well as the impact of rising interest rates over the last
twelve months. 

Other Non-Operating Expense 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Other non-operating expense	 
 6.6 
 0.9 
 5.7 
 692.6 
 
 of net sales	 
 0.4 
 0.1 

Other non-operating
expense for fiscal 2023 totaled 6.6, consisting primarily of costs associated with post-retirement benefit plans led by a 4.3
settlement loss related to the derecognition of 15.6 of pension liabilities and 15.6 of pension assets resulting from an annuity
contract executed in March 2023. Refer to Part II, Item 8, Note 15 for further details of this transaction. 

Income Taxes 

FY23 
 FY22 
 
 Income tax expense 
 43.0 
 24.0 
 
 Effective tax rate with discrete items 
 20.5 
 30.5 
 
 Effective tax rate without discrete items 
 22.9 
 32.4 

Income tax expense for
fiscal 2023 was 43.0 compared to 24.0 for fiscal 2022. Our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2023 was 20.5 compared to 30.5 
for fiscal 2022. The effective income tax rates are different from the U.S. statutory rate due to the U.S. credits for increasing
research activities and foreign-derived intangible income provision which decrease the rate and differences in foreign and state
income taxes which increase the rate. Further, in fiscal 2022, the effective tax rate was negatively impacted by tax impacts
associated with acquisition costs and increases in tax reserves associated with Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. The
effective income tax rate for fiscal 2023 of 20.5 included discrete items of 5.1 of benefit comprised substantially of a benefit
associated with stock-based compensation and a reduction in unrecognized tax benefits partially due to the expiration of the
statute of limitations. The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2023 without these discrete items would have been 22.9 . The effective income
tax rate for fiscal 2022 of 30.5 included discrete items of 1.5 benefit which are comprised substantially of a benefit associated
with stock-based compensation and unrecognized tax benefits associated with the expiration of statutes of limitations, partially
offset by tax expense arising from an increase in the valuation allowance on a capital loss carryforward. The effective income tax
rate for fiscal 2022 without these discrete items would have been 32.4 . 

24 

Segment Information 

We report our financial results
under two operating segments: Aerospace/Defense and Industrial. We use gross margin as the primary measurement to assess the financial
performance of each reportable segment. 

Aerospace/Defense Segment: 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Net sales 
 430.3 
 381.5 
 48.8 
 12.8 

Gross margin 
 171.0 
 155.1 
 15.9 
 10.2 
 
 Gross margin 
 39.7 
 40.7 

SG A 
 31.1 
 29.0 
 2.1 
 7.1 
 
 of segment net sales 
 7.2 
 7.6 

Net sales increased 48.8,
or 12.8 , for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Commercial aerospace increased 25.4 year over year. Commercial
aerospace OEM sales increased 25.2 while commercial distribution and aftermarket increased approximately 26.0 year over year. During
the year, we saw improvement in the sales and orders to our commercial aerospace customers as aircraft build rates continued to grow.
Our backlog and recent results reflect the early stages of this process which we expect to continue to see in upcoming quarters. Our
defense markets, which represented about 31.8 of sales, decreased by approximately 7.1 during the period. Orders in the defense end
market have been steady, however, the timing of shipments on orders for some of our marine customers has shifted into future quarters
which negatively impacted our sales for fiscal 2023. Overall distribution and aftermarket sales, which represent 18.3 of segment sales,
were up 16.4 year over year. 

Gross margin was 171.0,
or 39.7 of sales, in fiscal 2023 compared to 155.1, or 40.7 of sales, for the same period in fiscal 2022. Gross margin for fiscal
2022 was impacted by approximately 0.9 of inventory rationalization costs associated with consolidation efforts at one of our
facilities. We anticipate margin expansion in the next year as the increasing orders on commercial products add volume through our
plants driving cost efficiencies. 

Industrial Segment: 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Net sales 
 1,039.0 
 561.4 
 477.6 
 85.0 

Gross margin 
 433.8 
 202.0 
 231.8 
 114.8 
 
 Gross margin 
 41.8 
 36.0 

SG A 
 122.5 
 58.6 
 63.9 
 109.1 
 
 of segment net sales 
 11.8 
 10.4 

Net sales increased
 477.6, or 85.0 , during fiscal 2023 compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the inclusion of a
full twelve months of Dodge sales in fiscal 2023 and continued strong performance across the majority of our industrial markets.
Excluding Dodge sales of 743.1, net sales increased by 26.3, or 9.8 , period over period. This increase was driven by performance
in semiconductor, energy, mining, and the general industrial markets. Sales to distribution and the aftermarket reflected more than
66.0 of our industrial sales during the year. These distribution and aftermarket sales increased 113.9 compared to the same period
in the prior year, and 4.5 on an organic basis. 

Gross margin was 433.8, or 41.8 of sales, in
fiscal 2023 compared to 202.0, or 36.0 of sales, for the same period in fiscal 2022. The gross margin for the fiscal 2023 included the
unfavorable impact of 0.2 associated with inventory rationalization costs at one of our plants in South Carolina. The gross margin for
the fiscal 2022 included the unfavorable impact of 13.8 of inventory purchase accounting adjustments associated with the Dodge acquisition.
The expansion in margin year over year was led by cost efficiencies achieved through integration, product mix, pricing and the ability
to maintain appropriate pricing levels while facing an inflationary environment both as it relates to manufacturing costs and human capital. 

25 

Corporate: 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 SG A 
 76.1 
 80.0 
 (3.9 
 (4.9 
 
 of total net sales 
 5.2 
 8.5 

Corporate SG A decreased
 3.9 or 4.9 for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 due to decreases in stock-based compensation partially offset by increases in personnel-related
costs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our business is
capital-intensive. Our capital requirements include manufacturing equipment and materials. In addition, we have historically fueled
our growth, in part, through acquisitions, including the Dodge acquisition completed on November 1, 2021. We have historically met
our working capital, capital expenditure requirements and acquisition funding needs through our net cash flows provided by
operations, various debt arrangements and sale of equity to investors. We believe that operating cash flows and available credit
under the Revolving Credit Facility and New Foreign Revolver will provide adequate resources to fund internal growth initiatives for
the foreseeable future. For further discussion regarding the funding of the Dodge acquisition, refer to Part II, Item 8 
Notes 9, 12 and 17. 

Our ability to meet future
working capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements will depend on our future financial performance, which will be affected
by a range of economic, competitive and business factors, particularly interest rates, cyclical changes in our end markets and prices
for steel and our ability to pass through price increases on a timely basis, many of which are outside of our control. In addition, future
acquisitions could have a significant impact on our liquidity position and our need for additional funds. 

From time to time, we evaluate
our existing facilities and operations and their strategic importance to us. If we determine that a given facility or operation does
not have future strategic importance, we may sell, relocate, consolidate or otherwise dispose of those operations. Although we believe
our operations would not be materially impaired by such dispositions, relocations or consolidations, we could incur significant cash
or non-cash charges in connection with them. 

Liquidity 

As of April 1, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 65.4, of which, approximately 34.0 was cash held by our foreign operations. We expect that our undistributed foreign earnings will
be re-invested indefinitely for working capital, internal growth and acquisitions for and by our foreign subsidiaries. As discussed in
further detail below, we also have the ability to borrow money from our existing credit facilities. 

Domestic Credit Facility 

On November 1, 2021, RBC
Bearings Incorporated, our top holding company, and our Roller Bearing Company of America, Inc. subsidiary RBCA entered into a Credit Agreement (the New Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells
Fargo ), as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Swingline Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer and the other lenders party
thereto, and terminated the Company s prior Credit Agreement, which was entered into with Wells Fargo in 2015 (the 2015
Credit Agreement ). The New Credit Agreement provides the Company with (a) a 1,300.0 term loan facility (the Term Loan
Facility ), which was used to fund a portion of the cash purchase price for the acquisition of Dodge and to pay related fees
and expenses, and (b) a 500.0 revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and together with the Term
Loan Facility, the Facilities ). Debt issuance costs associated with the New Credit Agreement totaled 14.9 and are
being amortized over the life of the New Credit Agreement. When the 2015 Credit Agreement was terminated the Company wrote off
 0.9 of previously unamortized debt issuance costs. 

Prior to December 2022, amounts
outstanding under the Facilities generally bear interest at either, at the Company s option, (a) a base rate determined by reference
to the higher of (i) Wells Fargo s prime lending rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1.00 and (iii) the one-month
LIBOR rate plus 1.00 or (b) the LIBOR rate plus a specified margin, depending on the type of borrowing being made. The applicable margin
is based on the Company s consolidated ratio of total net debt to consolidated EBITDA (as defined within the New Credit Agreement) from
time to time. In December 2022 the New Credit Agreement was amended to replace LIBOR with the secured overnight financing rate administered
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York SOFR so that borrowings under the Facilities denominated in U.S. dollars bear
interest at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 plus
a margin ranging from 0.75 to 2.00 depending on the Company s consolidated ratio of total net debt to consolidated EBITDA. The
Facilities are subject to a SOFR floor of 0.00 . As of April 1, 2023, the Company s margin was 1.25 for SOFR loans; and the commitment
fee rate was 0.20 and the letter of credit fee rate was 1.25 . A portion of the Term Loan Facility is subject to a fixed- rate interest
swap as discussed below under Interest Rate Swap. 

26 

The Term Loan Facility will
mature in November 2026 and amortizes in quarterly installments with the balance payable on the maturity date. The Company can elect
to prepay some or all of the outstanding balance from time to time without penalty, which will offset future quarterly amortization installments.
Due to prepayments previously made, the required future principal payments on the Term Loan Facility are 0 for fiscal 2024, 0 for fiscal
2025, 0 for fiscal 2026, and approximately 900.0 for fiscal 2027. The Revolving Credit Facility will expire in November 2026, at which
time all amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility will be payable. 

The New Credit Agreement
requires the Company to comply with various covenants, including the following financial covenants: (a) a maximum Total Net Leverage
Ratio (as defined within the New Credit Agreement) of 5.50:1.00, which maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio shall decrease during certain
subsequent test periods as set forth in the New Credit Agreement (provided that, no more than once during the term of the Facilities,
such maximum ratio applicable at such time may be increased by the Company by 0.50:1.00 for a period of twelve (12) months after the
consummation of a material acquisition), and (b) a minimum Interest Coverage Ratio of 2.00:1.00. As of April 1, 2023, the Company was
in compliance with all debt covenants. 

The New Credit Agreement
allows the Company to, among other things, make distributions to shareholders, repurchase its stock, incur other debt or liens, or acquire
or dispose of assets provided that the Company complies with certain requirements and limitations of the New Credit Agreement. 

The Company s domestic
subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company s obligations under the New Credit Agreement, and the Company s obligations and
the domestic subsidiaries guaranty are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the domestic assets of the Company and its
domestic subsidiaries. 

As of April 1, 2023, 900.0
was outstanding under the Term Loan Facility and approximately 3.7 of the Revolving Credit Facility was being utilized to provide letters
of credit to secure the Company s obligations relating to certain insurance programs, and the Company had the ability to borrow
up to an additional 496.3 under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

Senior Notes 

On October 7, 2021, RBCA
issued 500.0 aggregate principal amount of 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes ). The net proceeds from the
issuance of the Senior Notes were approximately 492.0 after deducting initial purchasers discounts and commissions and offering
expenses. On November 1, 2021, the Company used the proceeds to fund a portion of the cash purchase price for the acquisition of Dodge. 

The Senior Notes were issued
pursuant to an indenture with Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Indenture ). The Indenture contains
covenants limiting the ability of the Company to (i) incur additional indebtedness or guarantee indebtedness, (ii) declare or pay dividends,
redeem stock or make other distributions to stockholders, (iii) make investments, (iv) create liens or use assets as security in other
transactions, (v) merge or consolidate, or sell, transfer, lease or dispose of substantially all of its assets, (vi) enter into transactions
with affiliates, and (vii) sell or transfer certain assets. These covenants contain various exceptions, limitations and qualifications.
At any time that the Senior Notes are rated investment grade, certain of these covenants will be suspended. 

The Senior Notes are guaranteed
jointly and severally on a senior unsecured basis by RBC Bearings and certain of RBCA s existing and future wholly-owned domestic
subsidiaries that also guarantee the New Credit Agreement. 

Interest on the Senior Notes
accrues at a rate of 4.375 and is payable semi annually in cash in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 

The Senior Notes will mature
on October 15, 2029. The Company may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at any time on or after October 15, 2024 at the redemption
prices set forth in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Company may
also redeem up to 40 of the Senior Notes using the proceeds of certain equity offerings completed before October 15, 2024, at a redemption
price equal to 104.375 of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption
date. In addition, at any time prior to October 15, 2024, the Company may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at a price equal to
100 of the principal amount, plus a make whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding,
the redemption date. If the Company sells certain of its assets or experiences specific kinds of changes in control, the Company must
offer to purchase the Senior Notes. 

27 

Foreign Borrowing Arrangements 

One of our foreign subsidiaries,
Schaublin SA Schaublin ), entered into two separate credit agreements in 2019 with Credit Suisse (Switzerland) Ltd. (the
 Foreign Credit Agreements to (i) finance the acquisition of our Swiss Tool business unit, and (ii) provide future working
capital. The Foreign Credit Agreements provided Schaublin with a CHF 15.0 (approximately 15.4) term loan, which was extinguished in
February 2022, and a CHF 15.0 (approximately 15.4) revolving credit facility, which was terminated in October 2022. Schaublin now has
a separate CHF 5.0 (approximately 5.4 USD) revolving credit facility (the New Foreign Revolver with Credit Suisse to
provide future working capital, if necessary. As of April 1, 2023, 0.1 had been borrowed from the New Foreign Revolver. Fees associated
with the New Foreign Revolver are nominal. 

Interest Rate Swap 

On October 28, 2022, the
Company entered into a three-year USD-denominated interest rate swap the Swap from a third-party financial counterparty
under the New Credit Agreement. The Swap was executed to protect the Company from interest rate volatility on our variable-rate Term
Loan Facility. The Swap became effective December 30, 2022 and is comprised of a 600.0 notional with a maturity of three years. We receive
a variable rate based on one-month Term SOFR and pay a fixed rate of 4.455 . As of April 1, 2023, approximately 78.5 of our debt bears interest
at a fixed rate. The notional on the Swap will amortize as follows: 

Year 1: 600.0 

Year 2: 400.0 

Year 3: 100.0 

The Swap has been designated
as a cash flow hedge of the variability of the first unhedged interest payments (the hedged transactions) paid over the hedging relationship s
specified time period of three years attributable to the borrowing s contractually specified interest index on the hedged principal
of its general borrowing program or replacement or refinancing thereof. 

Cash Flows 

Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 

The following table summarizes our
cash flow activities: 

FY23 
 FY22 
 Change 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 220.6 
 180.3 
 40.3 
 
 Investing activities 
 (14.0 
 (2,847.5 
 2,833.5 
 
 Financing activities 
 (322.8 
 2,698.5 
 (3,021.3 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 (1.3 
 0.5 
 (1.8 
 
 (Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (117.5 
 31.8 
 (149.3 

During fiscal 2023 we
generated cash of 220.6 from operating activities compared to 180.3 for fiscal 2022. The increase of 40.3 for fiscal 2023 was
mainly the result of a 112.0 increase in net income, partially offset by a 2.0 decrease in non-cash activity and a net unfavorable
change in operating assets and liabilities of 69.7. The unfavorable change in operating assets and liabilities is detailed in the
table below. The change in non-cash activity was primarily driven by 49.9 more depreciation and amortization and 1.4 more noncash
operating lease expense, partially offset by 18.9 less stock-based compensation, 21.6 less in deferred taxes, 11.7 less
amortization of deferred financing costs, 1.0 less in debt extinguishment costs, and 0.1 decrease in
consolidation and restructuring charges. 

The following chart summarizes the unfavorable
change in operating assets and liabilities of 69.7 for fiscal 2023 versus fiscal 2022 and the favorable change of 1.4 for fiscal 2022
versus fiscal 2021. 

FY23 
 FY22 
 
 Cash provided by (used in): 

Accounts receivable 
 61.3 
 (72.5 
 
 Inventory 
 (55.5 
 (17.1 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (4.0 
 (1.4 
 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 7.4 
 8.5 
 
 Accounts payable 
 (63.5 
 67.2 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 (16.1 
 19.5 
 
 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 0.7 
 (2.8 
 
 Total change in operating assets and liabilities 
 (69.7 
 1.4 

28 

During fiscal 2023, we used
 14.0 for investing activities as compared to 2,847.5 for fiscal 2022. This decrease in cash used was attributable to 2,935.7 less
cash used for acquisitions, 30.0 less purchases of marketable securities and 0.5 more proceeds from the sale of assets, partially offset
by a 12.2 increase in capital expenditures and 120.5 less in proceeds from the sale of marketable securities. 

During fiscal 2023, we used
cash of 322.8 for financing activities compared to 2,698.5 cash generated in fiscal 2022. This decrease from cash generated to cash
used was primarily attributable to proceeds received during fiscal 2022 of 605.5 from the issuance of common stock, 445.3 from the issuance
of preferred stock, 1,285.8 from the Term Loan Facility, and 494.2 from the Senior Notes. During fiscal 2023 there were 187.0 more
payments made on outstanding debt, 15.8 more cash dividends paid on preferred stock, 6.4 fewer exercises of stock-based awards, and
 1.6 more in principal payments made on finance lease obligations, partially offset by 19.4 less in finance fees paid in connection with
credit facilities and senior notes and 0.9 fewer repurchases of common stock. 

Capital Expenditures 

Our capital expenditures
in fiscal 2023 were 42.0 compared to 29.8 in fiscal 2022. We expect to make capital expenditures of approximately 3.0 to 3.5 of net
sales during fiscal 2024 in connection with our existing business. We funded our fiscal 2023 capital expenditures, and expect to fund
fiscal 2024 capital expenditures, principally through existing cash and internally generated funds. We may also make substantial additional
capital expenditures in connection with acquisitions. 

Quarterly Results of Operations 

Quarter Ended (2) 

Apr. 1, 2023 
 
 Dec. 31, 2022 
 
 Oct. 1, 2022 
 
 Jul. 2, 2022 
 
 Apr. 2, 2022 
 
 Jan. 1, 2022 
 
 Oct. 2, 2021 
 
 Jul. 3, 2021 

(Unaudited) (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 
 Net sales 
 394.4 
 351.6 
 369.2 
 354.1 
 358.9 
 266.9 
 160.9 
 156.2 
 
 Gross margin 
 166.5 
 146.0 
 151.1 
 141.2 
 137.5 
 93.3 
 62.5 
 63.8 
 
 Operating income 
 86.1 
 70.4 
 72.0 
 64.5 
 59.3 
 15.9 
 16.6 
 29.3 
 
 Net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 43.4 
 30.6 
 38.1 
 31.7 
 25.7 
 (5.2 
 (1.8 
 24.0 
 
 Net income/(loss) per common share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic (1) 
 1.51 
 1.06 
 1.32 
 1.11 
 0.90 
 (0.18 
 (0.07 
 0.96 
 
 Diluted (1) 
 1.49 
 1.05 
 1.31 
 1.09 
 0.89 
 (0.18 
 (0.07 
 0.95 

(1) Net income per common share is computed independently
 for each of the quarters presented. Therefore, the sum of the quarterly earnings per share
 may not necessarily equal the total for the year. 

(2) Dodge was acquired on November 1, 2021 and
 is included within the quarters ended January 1, 2022 through April 1, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, the accounting for the allowance
for doubtful accounts, valuation of inventories, goodwill and intangible assets, depreciation and amortization, income taxes and tax
reserves, the valuation of options and the valuation of business combinations. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We believe our judgments
related to these accounting estimates are appropriate. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
conditions. 

29 

Revenue Recognition. 
The performance obligations for the majority of RBC s product
sales are satisfied at the point in time in which the products are shipped. The Company has determined that the customer obtains control
upon shipment of the product based on the shipping terms (i.e. when it ships from RBC s dock or when the product arrives at the
customer s dock) and recognizes revenue when control has transferred to the customer. Once a customer has obtained control, the
customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset. Approximately
98 of the Company s revenue was recognized in this manner based on sales for the year ended April 1, 2023 compared to approximately
97 for the year ended April 2, 2022. 

The Company has determined
performance obligations are satisfied over time for customer contracts where RBC provides services to customers and also for a limited
number of product sales. RBC has determined revenue recognition over time is appropriate for our service revenue contracts as they create
or enhance an asset that the customer controls throughout the duration of the contract. Approximately 2 of the Company s revenue
was recognized in this manner based on sales for the year ended April 1, 2023 compared to approximately 3 for the year ended April 2,
2022. Revenue recognition over time is appropriate for customer contracts with product sales in which the product sold has no alternative
use to RBC without significant economic loss and an enforceable right to payment exists, including a normal profit margin from the customer,
in the event of contract termination. These types of contracts comprised less than 1 of total sales for the year ended April 1, 2023
and the year ended April 2, 2022. For both of these types of contracts, revenue is recognized over time based on the extent of progress
towards completion of the performance obligation. The Company utilizes the cost-to-cost measure of progress for over-time revenue recognition
contracts as we believe this measure best depicts the transfer of control to the customer, which occurs as we incur costs on contracts.
Revenues, including profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Costs to fulfill include labor, materials, subcontractors 
costs, and other direct and indirect costs. 

Pursuant to the
over-time revenue recognition model, revenue may be recognized prior to the customer being invoiced. An unbilled receivable is
recorded to reflect revenue that is recognized when (1) the cost-to-cost method is applied and (2) such revenue exceeds the amount
invoiced to the customer. Contract assets are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets or other noncurrent assets
on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Inventory. Inventory is stated at the lower
of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out method. We account for inventory under a full absorption
method. We record adjustments to the value of inventory based upon past sales history and forecasted plans to sell our inventories. The
physical condition, including age and quality, of the inventories is also considered in establishing its valuation. These adjustments
are estimates, which could vary significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from actual requirements if future economic conditions,
customer inventory levels or competitive conditions differ from our expectations. 

Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived
Intangible Assets. Goodwill (representing the excess of the amount paid to acquire a company over the estimated fair value of the
net assets acquired) and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment annually, or when
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such asset may not be recoverable. Separate tests are performed for goodwill
and indefinite lived intangible assets. We completed a quantitative test of impairment on the indefinite lived intangible assets with
no impairment noted in the current year. The determination of any goodwill impairment is made at the reporting unit level. The Company
determines the fair value of a reporting unit and compares it to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds
its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for any amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value.
The Company applies the income approach (discounted cash flow method) in testing goodwill for impairment. The key assumptions used in
the discounted cash flow method used to estimate fair value include discount rates, revenue growth rates, terminal growth rates and cash
flow projections. Discount rates, revenue growth rates and cash flow projections are the most sensitive and susceptible to change as they
require significant management judgment. Discount rates are determined by using a weighted average cost of capital WACC ).
The WACC considers market and industry data as well as Company-specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate
discount rate to be used. The discount rate utilized for each reporting unit for our fiscal 2023 test was 10.0 and is indicative of the
return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. Terminal growth rate determination follows common methodology
of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and long-term
growth rates. The terminal growth rate used for our fiscal 2023 test was 2.5 . The Company has determined that, to date, no impairment
of goodwill exists and the aggregate fair value of the reporting units exceeded the carrying value in total by approximately 42.5 . The
fair value of the reporting units exceeds the carrying value by a minimum of 13.1 at each of the two reporting units. A decrease of 1.0 
in our terminal growth rate would not result in impairment of goodwill for any of our reporting units. An increase of 1.0 in our discount
rate would not result in impairment of goodwill for any of our reporting units. The Company performs the annual impairment testing during
the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. Although no changes are expected, if the actual results of the Company are less favorable than
the assumptions the Company makes regarding estimated cash flows, the Company may be required to record an impairment charge in the future. 

30 

Valuation of Business Combinations. 
We allocate the amounts we pay for each acquisition to the assets we acquire and liabilities we assume based on their estimated fair values
at the date of acquisition, including identifiable intangible assets, which either arise from a contractual or legal right or are separable
from goodwill. We base the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination on detailed valuations which
are prepared with the assistance of a specialist and consider our best estimates of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would
use. We utilize a specialist for these valuations due to the complexity and estimation uncertainty involved in determining the fair value
given the significant assumptions involved. Significant assumptions utilized in the valuation models include discount rates, revenue growth
rates and cash flow projections. We allocate to goodwill any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable
intangible assets acquired. Transaction costs associated with these acquisitions are expensed as incurred through other, net on the consolidated
statements of operations. 

Income Taxes. As part
of the process of preparing the consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate the income taxes in each jurisdiction
in which we operate. This process involves estimating the actual current tax liabilities together with assessing temporary differences
resulting from the differing treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets
and liabilities, which are included in the consolidated balance sheets. We must then assess the likelihood that the deferred tax assets
will be recovered, and to the extent that we believe that recovery is not more than likely, we are required to establish a valuation
allowance. If a valuation allowance is established or increased during any period, we are required to include this amount as an expense
within the tax provision in the consolidated statements of operations. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision
for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, accrual for uncertain tax positions and any valuation allowance recognized against
net deferred tax assets. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of recent
accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements. 

31 

Impact of Inflation and Changes in Prices of
Raw Materials 

In fiscal 2023, the economy
experienced inflation. We purchase steel at market prices, which fluctuate as a result of supply and demand in the marketplace. To date,
we have managed price increases by changing our buying patterns, expanding our vendor network, and passing increases on to our customers
through price increases on our products, the assessment of steel surcharges on our customers, or entry into long-term agreements with
our customers containing escalator provisions tied to our invoiced price of steel. However, even if we are able to pass these steel surcharges
or price increases to our customers, there may be a time lag of several months between the time a price increase goes into effect and
our ability to implement surcharges or price increases, particularly for orders already in our backlog. As a result, our gross margin
percentage may decline. 

Competitive pressures and
the terms of certain of our long-term contracts may require us to absorb at least part of these cost increases, particularly during periods
of high inflation. Our principal raw materials are stainless and 52100 wire and rod steel (types of high alloy steel), which have historically
been readily available. We have never experienced a work stoppage due to a supply shortage. We maintain multiple sources for raw materials
including steel and have various supplier agreements. Through sole-source arrangements, supplier agreements and pricing, we have been
able to minimize our exposure to fluctuations in raw material prices. 

Our suppliers and sources
of raw materials are based in the U.S., Europe and Asia. We believe that our sources are adequate for our needs in the foreseeable
future, that there exist alternative suppliers for our raw materials and that in most cases readily available alternative materials can
be used for most of our raw materials. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company has 3.7 of outstanding
standby letters of credit, all of which are under the Revolving Credit Facility. We also have a contractual obligation for licenses related
to the implementation and upgrade of an enterprise resource planning ERP system for Dodge. These license costs of 10.5
will be incurred over a five-year period. 

Other than the items noted
above, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements as of April 1, 2023. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are exposed to market
risks, which arise during the normal course of business from changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 

Interest Rates. We
currently have variable rate debt outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. We regularly evaluate the impact of interest rate changes
on our net income and cash flow and take action to limit our exposure when appropriate. As discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources 
in Item 7 of this Annual Report, we entered into the Swap on October 28, 2022, which became effective on December 30, 2022. As of April
1, 2023, approximately 78.5 of our debt bears interest at a fixed rate. 

Foreign Currency Exchange
Rates. Our operations in the following countries utilize the following currencies as their functional currency: 

Australia Australian dollar 

India rupee 

Canada Canadian dollar 

Mexico peso 

China Chinese yuan 

Poland zloty 

France euro 

Switzerland Swiss franc 

Germany euro 

As a result, we are exposed
to risk associated with fluctuating currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and these currencies. Foreign currency transaction
gains and losses are included in earnings. Approximately 12 of our net sales were impacted by foreign currency fluctuations in fiscal
2023 compared to approximately 11 of our net sales in fiscal 2022. We expect that this proportion is likely to increase as we seek to
increase our penetration of foreign markets, particularly within the aerospace and defense markets. Foreign currency transaction exposure
arises primarily from the transfer of foreign currency from one subsidiary to another within the group, and to foreign-currency-denominated
trade receivables. Unrealized currency translation gains and losses are recorded on the balance sheet upon translation of the foreign
operations functional currency to the reporting currency. Because our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars,
changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on
our earnings. We periodically enter into derivative financial instruments in the form of forward exchange contracts to reduce the effect
of fluctuations in exchange rates on certain third-party sales transactions denominated in non-functional currencies. Based on the accounting
guidance related to derivatives and hedging activities, we record derivative financial instruments at fair value. For derivative financial
instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on these hedges is reported as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive income, and is reclassified into earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings.
As of April 1, 2023, the Company had no forward exchange contracts. 

32 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of RBC Bearings Incorporated (the Company) as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April
1, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at April 1, 2023 and
April 2, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 1, 2023, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting
as of April 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated May 19, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below
is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 

33 

Valuation of Goodwill Annual impairment evaluation 

Description of the Matter 
 
 At April 1, 2023, the Company s
 goodwill was 1.9 billion. As discussed in Notes 2 and 10 of the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment
 at the reporting unit level annually, or when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such asset may not be recoverable.
 The Company estimates the fair value of its reporting units using an income approach, specifically a discounted cash flow analysis. 
 
 Auditing management s annual
 goodwill impairment test was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value
 of the reporting units. The fair value estimates were sensitive to changes in significant assumptions such as the discount rates,
 revenue growth rates and cash flow projections which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated
 the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment review process, including
 controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value
of the Company s reporting units, we performed audit procedures, with the assistance of our valuation specialists, that included,
among others, assessing the methodologies utilized and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used
by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends. We
assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate
the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the underlying assumptions. In addition, we evaluated
the reconciliation of the fair value of the reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2002. 

Stamford, Connecticut 

May 19, 2023 

34 

RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(dollars in millions, except share and per
share data) 

April 1, 2023 
 April 2, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of at April 1, 2023 and at April 2, 2022 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease assets, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares: as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively; issued shares: as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value; authorized shares: at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively; issued shares: and at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income loss 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares and shares at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes. 

35 

RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(dollars in millions, except share and per
share data) 

Fiscal Year Ended 

April 1, 
 2023 
 April 2, 
 2022 
 April 3, 
 2021 
 
 Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Other, net 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Interest expense, net 

Other non-operating expense/(income) 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

Net income per common share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes. 

36 

RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

(dollars in millions) 

Fiscal Year Ended 

April 1, 
 2023 

April 2, 
 2022 

April 3, 
 2021 

Net income 

Pension and postretirement liability adjustments, net of taxes (1) 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of derivatives (2) 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Total comprehensive income 

(1) , tax expense
of and tax benefit of in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(2) in fiscal
2023. 

See accompanying notes. 

37 

RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

(dollars in millions) 

Common
 Stock 

Preferred
 Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive 

Retained 

Treasury
 Stock 

Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income/(Loss) 

Earnings 

Shares 

Amount 

Equity

Balance
 at March 28, 2020 

Net
 income 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Exercise
 of equity awards 

Change in pension and post-retirement plan benefit adjustments , net of tax benefit of 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 

Currency
 translation adjustments 

Balance
 at April 3, 2021 

Net
 income 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Preferred
 stock dividends 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Exercise
 of equity awards 

Change in pension and post-retirement plan benefit adjustments, net of tax expense of 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 

Preferred
 stock issuance, net of issuance costs 

Common
 stock issuance, net of issuance costs 

Currency
 translation adjustments 

Balance
 at April 2, 2022 

Net
 income 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Preferred
 stock dividends 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Exercise
 of equity awards 

Change in pension and post-retirement plan benefit adjustments, net of tax expense of 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 

Change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax benefit of 

Currency
 translation adjustments 

Balance
 at April 1, 2023 

See accompanying notes. 

38 

RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(dollars in millions) 

Fiscal Year Ended 

April
1, 
2023 
 
 April
2, 
2022 
 
 April
3, 
2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Consolidation and restructuring and other non-cash charges 

Noncash operating lease expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss on disposition of assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

Acquisition of businesses and related purchase price adjustments 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from term loans, net of financing costs 

Proceeds from senior notes, net of financing costs 

Finance fees paid in connection with credit facilities and senior notes 

Repayments of revolving credit facilities 

Repayments of term loans 

Repayments of notes payable 

Principal payments on finance lease obligations 

Preferred stock dividends paid 

Repurchase of common stock 

Exercise of equity awards 

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Cash and cash equivalents: 

(Decrease)/increase during the year 

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Income taxes 

Interest 

See accompanying notes. 

39 

RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(dollars in millions, except share and per
share data) 

reportable business segments aerospace/defense and industrial in which it manufactures roller bearing components and assembled
parts and designs and manufactures high-precision roller and ball bearings. The Company sells to a wide variety of original equipment
manufacturers OEMs and distributors who are widely dispersed geographically. No one customer accounted for more than 
of the Company s net sales in fiscal 2023, of net sales in fiscal 2022 and of net sales in fiscal 2021. The Company s segments
are further discussed in Note 20 Reportable Segments. 

or weeks, ending on the Saturday closest to March 31. Based on this policy, fiscal year 2023 contained
 weeks, fiscal year 2022 contained 52 weeks and fiscal year 2021 contained weeks. 

40 

of total sales for the years ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April 3, 2021, respectively.
For both of these types of contracts, revenue is recognized over time based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance
obligation. The Company utilizes the cost-to-cost measure of progress for over-time revenue recognition contracts as we believe this
measure best depicts the transfer of control to the customer, which occurs as we incur costs on contracts. Revenues, including profits,
are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Costs to fulfill include labor, materials, subcontractors costs, and other
direct and indirect costs. 

, and
 , respectively, all of which was recorded within costs of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company does not expect
to receive any future grant revenue associated with the AMJP program. The Company is not currently receiving grant revenue from any other
sources and does not anticipate doing so in future periods. 

41 

of accounts receivables at both April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022. 

- years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 - years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

42 

43 

shares of MCPS into shares of common
stock was anti-dilutive, and therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share attributable to common
stockholders. Accordingly, net income was reduced by cumulative MCPS dividends, as presented in our consolidated statement of
operations, for purposes of calculating net income attributable to common stockholders. 

employee stock options and restricted shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share
attributable to common stockholders. For the fiscal year ended April 2, 2022, employee stock options and restricted shares
have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders. At April 3, 2021, employee
stock options and restricted shares have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share attributable to common
stockholders. The inclusion of these employee stock options and restricted shares would have been anti-dilutive. 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic net income per share attributable to common stockholders weighted-average shares outstanding 

Effect of dilution due to employee stock awards 

Denominator for diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic net income per share attributable to common stockholders 

Diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders 

44 

were recorded, of which, was associated with consolidation and
restructuring efforts at some of our plants located in South Carolina. 

and was computed based on quoted market prices (observable inputs)
and classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the interest rate swap was at April 1, 2023, measured using
Level 2 inputs. This amount is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the Company consolidated balance sheets. The interest rate
swap, net of taxes, is and is included in accumulated other comprehensive income on the Company s consolidated balance sheets,
and in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 

45 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

Amounts recorded in/ reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Net current period other comprehensive income 

Balance at April 1, 2023 

46 

Industrial 

International 

Over time 

47 

at April 1, 2023. 

and , respectively, and included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the
consolidated balance sheets. The increase in contract assets was primarily due to the recognition of revenue related to the satisfaction
or partial satisfaction of performance obligations prior to billing partially offset by amounts billed to customers during the period.
As of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, the Company did not have any contract assets classified as noncurrent on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

and , respectively, and included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheets. The increase in current contract liabilities was primarily due to advance payments received and the
reclassification of a portion of advance payments received from the noncurrent portion of contract liabilities partially offset by revenue
recognized on customer contracts. For the year ended April 1, 2023, the Company recognized revenues of that were included in the
contract liability balance as of April 2, 2022. For the year ended April 2, 2022, the Company recognized revenues of that were
included in the contract liability balance at April 3, 2021. 

and , respectively, and included within other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets. The increase in noncurrent contract liabilities was primarily due to advance payments received partially offset by the reclassification
of a portion of advance payments received to the current portion of contract liabilities. 

and at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, and are included within accrued expenses and other
current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

48 

and at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. The
carrying value of this debt was at April 1, 2023 and at April 2, 2022. The fair value of long-term fixed-rate debt was measured
using Level 1 inputs. Due to the nature of fair value calculations for variable-rate debt, the carrying value of the Company s long-term
variable-rate debt is a reasonable estimate of its fair value. The fair value of the interest rate swap was at April 1, 2023, measured
using Level 2 inputs. This amount is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The interest
rate swap, net of taxes, is and is included in accumulated other comprehensive income on the Company s consolidated balance
sheets, and in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 

() 

April 2, 2022 

() 

() 

April 3, 2021 

() 

() 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

49 

Buildings and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

,
 and for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April 3, 2021, respectively. 

of assets included in buildings and improvements and of assets included in machinery and equipment were accounted
for as finance leases. For the year ended April 2, 2022, of assets included in buildings and improvements and of assets included
in machinery and equipment were accounted for as finance leases. At April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, the Company had accumulated amortization
of and associated with these assets, respectively. Amortization expense associated with these finance leases was and 
for the years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, and is included within depreciation expense as mentioned above. 

Finance lease right of use assets, net 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total leased assets, net 

Liabilities: 

Current operating lease liabilities 
 
 Current operating lease liabilities 

Current finance lease liabilities 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 
 
 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities 
 
 Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

50 

and for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively,
all of which were included within the operating cash flow section of the consolidated statements of cash flows. Lease assets obtained
in exchange for new operating lease liabilities were and for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively.
Of the of operating lease assets obtained for new operating lease liabilities during fiscal 2022, were obtained on November
1, 2021 as part of the Dodge acquisition. Lease modifications which resulted in newly obtained lease assets in exchange for new operating
lease liabilities were and for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 

and for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. Of
these amounts, and were included within the financing cash flow section of the consolidated statements of cash flows for the
fiscal years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. was included within the operating cash flow section of the consolidated
statements of cash flows for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023. Lease assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities
were and for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. Of the of finance lease assets obtained
for new operating lease liabilities during fiscal 2022, were obtained on November 1, 2021 as part of the Dodge acquisition. Lease
modifications which resulted in reductions of lease assets in exchange for reductions of finance lease liabilities were and 
for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 

, and for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April 3, 2021, respectively. Short-term and variable
lease expense were immaterial. 

for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, of which, was related to amortization expense of finance lease assets and 
was related to interest expense. Total finance lease expense was for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2022, of which, was related
to amortization expense of finance lease assets and was related to interest expense. Variable lease expense was immaterial. 

51 

One to two years 

Two to three years 

Three to four years 

Four to five years 

Thereafter 

Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

One to two years 

Two to three years 

Three to four years 

Four to five years 

Thereafter 

Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total finance lease liabilities 

years. The weighted-average discount rate on April 1, 2023 for our operating
leases is . 

years. The weighted-average discount rate on April 1, 2023 for our finance leases is . 

, net of cash acquired and subject to certain adjustments. The purchase price was paid with (i) of
borrowing under the Term Loan Facility, net of issuance costs, (ii) of net proceeds from the common stock and MCPS offerings,
(iii) of net proceeds from the Senior Notes offering, and (iv) approximately of cash on hand. Since the close of the transaction,
adjustments totaling have been recorded as a reduction of the purchase price. 

of the capital stock of certain entities, including Dodge Mechanical Power Transmission Company Inc. (now known as Dodge
Industrial, Inc.), and certain other assets relating to ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd s mechanical power transmission business. 

52 

and were recorded as period expenses and included within other, net within the
consolidated statements of operations. Remaining acquisition-related costs incurred for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023 were immaterial.
This acquisition was accounted for as a purchase transaction. The purchase price allocation was completed during the third quarter of
fiscal 2023. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded based on their fair values at the date of acquisition as follows: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Operating lease assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued rebates 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Less cash received 

Net consideration 

of the acquired goodwill is
deductible for tax purposes. 

, consisting primarily of customer relationships and trade names, was determined using the income approach.
Specifically, a multi-period, excess earnings method was utilized for the customer relationships and the relief-from-royalty method was
utilized for the trade name. The fair value of the customer relationships, , is being amortized based on the economic pattern
of benefit over a period of years; the fair value of the trade name, , is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a -year
term. These amortization periods represent the estimated useful lives of the assets. 

of revenue and of operating income for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023. Dodge contributed
 of revenue and of operating income for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2022. 

Net income 

53 

for the fiscal year ended
April 1, 2023 and are included in other, net on the Company s consolidated statement of operations. Since the purchase of the Dodge
business on November 1, 2021, costs associated with the Dodge TSA were . 

Allocation in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 (1) 

Acquisition (2) 

Translation adjustments 

April 2, 2022 

Acquisition (2) 

Translation adjustments 

April 1, 2023 

54 

Customer relationships and lists 

Trade names 

Distributor agreements 

Patents and trademarks 

Domain names 

Internal-use software 

Other 

Non-amortizable repair station certifications 
 n/a 

Total 

, and , respectively. Estimated amortization
expense for the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 and thereafter 

Taxes 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued rebates 

Workers compensation and insurance 

Acquisition costs 

Current finance lease liabilities 

Accrued preferred stock dividends 

Interest 

Audit fees 

Legal 

Returns and warranties 

Other 

55 

term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility ), which was
used to fund a portion of the cash purchase price for the acquisition of Dodge and to pay related fees and expenses, and (b) a 
revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and together with the Term Loan Facility, the Facilities ).
Debt issuance costs associated with the New Credit Agreement totaled and are being amortized over the life of the New Credit Agreement.
When the 2015 Credit Agreement was terminated the Company wrote off of previously unamortized debt issuance costs. 

; and the commitment
fee rate was and the letter of credit fee rate was . A portion of the Term Loan Facility is subject to a fixed- rate interest
swap as discussed in Note 13, Derivative Financial Instruments. 

for fiscal 2024, for fiscal
2025, for fiscal 2026, and approximately for fiscal 2027. The Revolving Credit Facility will expire in November 2026, at which
time all amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility will be payable. 

As of April 1, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. 

was outstanding under the Term Loan Facility and approximately of the Revolving Credit Facility was being utilized to provide letters
of credit to secure the Company s obligations relating to certain insurance programs, and the Company had the ability to borrow
up to an additional under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes ). The net proceeds from the
issuance of the Senior Notes were approximately after deducting initial purchasers discounts and commissions and offering
expenses. On November 1, 2021, the Company used the proceeds to fund a portion of the cash purchase price for the acquisition of Dodge. 

56 

and is payable semi annually in cash in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 

of the Senior Notes using the proceeds of certain equity offerings completed before October 15, 2024, at a redemption
price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption
date. In addition, at any time prior to October 15, 2024, the Company may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at a price equal to
 of the principal amount, plus a make whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding,
the redemption date. If the Company sells certain of its assets or experiences specific kinds of changes in control, the Company must
offer to purchase the Senior Notes. 

(approximately USD) term loan, which was extinguished
in February 2022, and a CHF (approximately USD) revolving credit facility, which was terminated in October 2022. Schaublin
now has a separate CHF (approximately USD) revolving credit facility (the New Foreign Revolver with Credit Suisse
to provide future working capital, if necessary. As of April 1, 2023, had been borrowed from the New Foreign Revolver. Fees associated
with the New Foreign Revolver are nominal. 

Senior notes 

Debt issuance cost 

() 

() 
 
 Other 

Total debt 

Less: current portion 

Long-term debt 

57 

notional with a maturity of . We receive a variable rate based on one-month
Term SOFR and pay a fixed rate of . As of April 1, 2023, approximately of our debt bears interest at a fixed rate. The
notional on the Swap will amortize as follows: 

attributable to the borrowing s contractually specified interest index on the hedged principal
of its general borrowing program or replacement or refinancing thereof. The fair value of the Swap has been disclosed in Note 4. The accumulated
other comprehensive income derivative component balance was a loss at April 1, 2023, net of taxes. The gain/loss reclassified from
accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings will be recorded as interest income/expense on the Swap and will be included in the
operating section of the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Noncurrent income tax liability 

Deferred compensation 

Contract liabilities 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities 

Other 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. These overfunded amounts
are included within noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

, and , respectively. The discount rate used to determine net periodic
benefit cost for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. 

, the projected benefit obligation decreased by , and the Company recognized a settlement loss of ,
included in other non-operating expense/(income). The settlement loss was previously included within accumulated other comprehensive
income/loss on the consolidated balance sheets. 

58 

and employees, respectively, in conformance
with Swiss pension law. The Schaublin plan is funded with an independent semi-autonomous collective provident foundation whereas the Swiss
Tool plan is funded with a reputable Swiss insurer. The unfunded liabilities of these plans at April 1, 2023 were . For fiscal years
2023, 2022 and 2021, net periodic benefit cost for these plans was , and , respectively. 

- of eligible amounts contributed by employees, amounted to , and
 in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. Of these amounts, are considered
current and are included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of both April 1,
2023 and April 2, 2022. The remainder of the balances are included in other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
The Company also maintains a frozen defined benefit heath care plan for employees of the Dodge division with postretirement benefit obligations
of and at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. Of these amounts, and are considered current at April 1,
2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. The amounts are included within the same balance sheet line items as other postretirement health
care plans maintained by the Company. 

Foreign 

Total income before income taxes 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred tax expense: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total income taxes 

59 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Stock-based compensation 

Foreign rate differential 

Research and development credits 

Company-owned life insurance 

Foreign derived intangible income (FDII) 

U.S. unrecognized tax positions 

Acquisition costs 

Valuation allowance 

Other - net 

Employee compensation accruals 

Inventory 

Operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Stock compensation 

Tax loss and credit carryforwards 

State tax 

Other accrued liabilities 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Operating lease assets 

Other 

Intangible assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total net deferred liabilities 

likelihood) that these items will not be utilized. For the Company s fiscal year ended April 1, 2023 the valuation allowance
decreased by less than . For the Company s fiscal year ended April 2, 2022 the valuation allowance increased by , which primarily
pertained to a capital loss carryforward and an increase of U.S. federal and state credits. These valuation allowances are required because
management has determined, based on financial projections and available tax strategies, that it is unlikely the net operating losses and
credits will be utilized before they expire. If events or circumstances change, valuation allowances are adjusted at that time resulting
in an income tax benefit or charge. 

60 

, which expire at various
dates through . At April 1, 2023, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryovers in different jurisdictions at varying
amounts that sum up to which will expire at various dates through fiscal . At April 1, 2023, the Company had U.S. federal
and state credits in different jurisdictions at varying amounts up to which principally expire at various dates through . At
April 1, 2023, the Company had Canadian investment tax credits up to which will expire at various dates through . 

of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries or for any additional tax on the deemed repatriated earnings
because the Company intends to reinvest these funds indefinitely to support foreign growth opportunities. Due to the inherent complexity
of the multinational tax environment in which the company operates, it is not practicable to estimate the unrecognized deferred tax liability
on these undistributed earnings. These earnings could become subject to additional tax under certain circumstances including, but not
limited to, loans to the Company, or upon sale or pledging of the foreign subsidiary s stock. 

Gross increases (decreases) tax positions taken
 during a prior period 

Gross increases tax positions taken during the
 current period 

Reductions due to lapse of the applicable
 statute of limitations 

Balance, end of year 

, 
and of interest and penalties on its statement of operations for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April 3,
2021, respectively. The Company had approximately and of accrued interest and penalties at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022,
respectively. 

. 

61 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, in one or more series and to fix the powers, designations, preferences
and relative participating, option or other rights thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption terms,
liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. 

shares of Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock MCPS in a public offering
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), including shares issued pursuant
to the full exercise of the option granted to the underwriters of the MCPS offering to purchase additional shares solely to cover over-allotments.
The trading symbol for the MCPS is RBCP. The net proceeds from the offering were approximately after deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions and offering expenses. On November 1, 2021, the Company used the proceeds to fund a portion of the purchase
price for the acquisition of Dodge. 

of the liquidation preference of per share, payable in cash or, subject
to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election;
provided, however, that any unpaid dividends on the MCPS will continue to accumulate as described in the Certificate of Designations that
sets forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the MCPS. The Company made dividend payments of on April 15, 2022, on July
15, 2022, on October 17, 2022, and on January 17, 2023. The Company also had accrued as of April 1, 2023 for dividends
that were to be paid on April 17, 2023. 

per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends. As of April 1, 2023, the MCPS had an aggregate liquidation preference
of . 

The conversion rate that will apply to mandatory conversions
will be determined based on the average of the daily volume-weighted average prices over the 20 consecutive trading days beginning on,
and including, the 21st scheduled trading day immediately before October 15, 2024. The conversion rate applicable to mandatory conversions
may in certain circumstances be increased to compensate holders of the MCPS for certain unpaid accumulated dividends. 

shares of common stock, par value per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share. Holders of
common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by our Board of Directors, and to share ratably in our assets legally
available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of liquidation after giving effect to any liquidation preference for the
benefit of the MCPS or any other preferred stock then outstanding. Holders of common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption,
or conversion rights. The holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. The holders of a majority of the shares of common
stock can elect all of the directors and can control our management and affairs. 

shares of common stock in a public offering registered under the Securities Act at an offering price
of per share, including shares issued pursuant to the full exercise of the option granted to the underwriters of the offering
to purchase additional shares. The net proceeds from the offering were approximately after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and offering expenses. On November 1, 2021, the Company used the proceeds to fund a portion of the cash purchase price for
the acquisition of Dodge. 

62 

shares of common stock were
authorized for issuance under the Plan. The Company s Compensation Committee administers the Plan. The Company s Board
also has the authority to administer the Plan and to take all actions that the Compensation Committee is otherwise authorized to
take under the Plan. The terms and conditions of each award made under the Plan, including vesting requirements, is set forth
consistent with the Plan in a written agreement with the grantee. 

shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the Plan, subject to adjustment in the event of a reorganization,
stock split, merger or similar change in the Company s corporate structure or in the outstanding shares of common stock. The Company
may grant shares of restricted stock to its employees and directors in the future under the Plan. The Company s Compensation Committee
administers the Plan. The Company s Board also has the authority to administer the Plan and to take all actions that the Compensation
Committee is otherwise authorized to take under the Plan. The terms and conditions of each award made under the Plan, including vesting
requirements, is set forth consistent with the Plan in a written agreement with the grantee. 

shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the Plan, subject to adjustment in the event of a reorganization,
stock split, merger or similar change in the Company s corporate structure or in the outstanding shares of common stock. The Company
may grant shares of restricted stock to its employees and directors in the future under the Plan. The Company s Compensation Committee
administers the Plan. The Company s Board also has the authority to administer the Plan and to take all actions that the Compensation
Committee is otherwise authorized to take under the Plan. The terms and conditions of each award made under the Plan, including vesting
requirements, is set forth consistent with the Plan in a written agreement with the grantee. 

of the total number of shares authorized under the relevant Plan, and
it may not approve an award of incentive options first exercisable in any calendar year whose underlying shares have a fair market value
greater than determined at the time of grant. The Compensation Committee will approve the exercise price and term of any option in
its discretion; however, the exercise price may not be less than of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date
of grant. Under the Plans, any incentive stock option must be exercised within seven years of the date of grant. Under the Plans, the
exercise price of an incentive option awarded to a person who owns stock constituting more than of the Company s voting power
may not be less than of such fair market value on such date and the option must be exercised within of the date of grant.
As of April 1, 2023, there were outstanding options to purchase shares of common stock granted under the 2013 Long-Term Incentive
Plan, of which were exercisable. As of April 1, 2023, there were outstanding options to purchase shares of common stock
granted under the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan, of which were exercisable. As of April 1, 2023, there were no outstanding options
to purchase shares of common stock granted under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

of the total authorized number of shares under
the Plan. As of April 1, 2023, there were , and shares of restricted stock outstanding under the 2013, 2017 and 2021
Long-Term Incentive Plans, respectively. 

63 

Awarded 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeitures 

() 

Expirations 

() 

Outstanding, April 1, 2023 

Exercisable, April 1, 2023 

Expected weighted-average life (yrs.) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

in fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2022 and in fiscal 2021. 

(net of taxes of in compensation in fiscal 2023 related to option awards. As of April 1, 2023, there was of unrecognized compensation
costs related to options which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total intrinsic value of
options exercised in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. 

were either fully vested or are expected to vest. These shares have a weighted average exercise price of ,
an intrinsic value of and a weighted average contractual term of years. 

64 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeitures 

Non-vested, April 1, 2023 

in fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2022 and in fiscal 2021. 

(net of taxes of in compensation in fiscal 2023 related to restricted stock awards. These awards were valued at the fair market
value of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance and are being amortized as expense over the applicable vesting period.
The total fair value of restricted stock awards that vested during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , and , respectively.
Unrecognized expense for restricted stock was at April 1, 2023. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of approximately years. 

of the Company s hourly employees in the U.S. and abroad were represented by labor unions. 

65 

of outstanding standby
letters of credit, all of which are under the Revolving Credit Facility. We also have a contractual obligation for licenses related
to the implementation and upgrade of an enterprise resource planning ERP system for Dodge. These ERP license costs
of will be incurred over a five-year period. 

Acquisition costs and transition services 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Amortization of intangibles 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Other expense 

66 

Industrial 

Gross Margin 

Aerospace/Defense 

Industrial 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Aerospace/Defense 

Industrial 

Corporate 

Operating Income 

Aerospace/Defense 

Industrial 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Total Assets 

Aerospace/Defense 

Industrial 

Corporate 

Capital Expenditures 

Aerospace/Defense 

Industrial 

Corporate 

Depreciation Amortization 

Aerospace/Defense 

Industrial 

Corporate 

Geographic External Sales 

Domestic 

Foreign 

Geographic Long-Lived Assets 

Domestic 

Foreign 

and ,
respectively, and were included within selling, general and administrative costs on
the consolidated statements of operations. Amounts outstanding in respect of these transactions were payables of and as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022,
respectively, and were included within accounts payable on the consolidated balance
sheets. No dividends were received from CoLinx during the periods presented. The Company does not have any other equity method investees.
The Company does not have any other significant related party transactions. 

67 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company performed an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. In making its assessment, management has utilized the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013 Framework). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures provide reasonable assurance that the material information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that it files or submits to the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. The
Company s management believes that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of April 1, 2023. 

Remediation of Previously Reported Material
Weaknesses 

To address the previously
reported material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described in Part II, Item 9A of the Company s Form 10-K/A
filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022, the Company enhanced and revised the design of existing controls and procedures to properly consider
all relevant terms within executive employment agreements and account for them, accordingly. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023,
the Company successfully completed the testing necessary to conclude that the material weakness had been remediated. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

No changes were made to the
Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during
the last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

68 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Management of RBC Bearings
Incorporated is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The Company s internal
control over financial reporting is supported by written policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the
Company s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of April 1,
2023 as required by Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth in the framework in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of April 1, 2023. 

The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023
has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears
on the following page. 

/s/ RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Oxford, Connecticut 

May 19, 2023 

69 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of RBC Bearings Incorporated 

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

We have audited RBC Bearings
Incorporated s internal control over financial reporting as of April 1,
2023 , based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, RBC Bearings Incorporated (the
Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023, based on the
COSO criteria. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as
of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 1, 2023 and the related notes and our report dated May 19, 2023
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

70 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Stamford, Connecticut 

May 19, 2023 

71 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Board Committee Assignments 

Audit Committee 

Edward D. Stewart, Chairman 

Michael H. Ambrose 

Richard R. Crowell 

Compensation Committee 

Dolores J. Ennico, Chairman 

Dr. Steven H. Kaplan 

Dr. Amir Faghri 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

Edward D. Stewart 

Dr. Steven H. Kaplan 

At least one member of the Audit Committee qualifies as an
 audit committee financial expert as defined by applicable SEC rules. 

Item
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevents Inspections 

Not applicable. 

72 

PART III 

The information called for
by Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Form 10-K, will be included in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders, which the Company intends to file within 120 days after the close of its fiscal year ended April 1, 2023 and which is
incorporated herein by reference. 

73 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) The following Consolidated
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Company are included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022; 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and
 April 3, 2021; 

Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April
 3, 2021; 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022
 and April 3, 2021; 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April 3, 2021;
 and 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(2) For a list of the Company s Financial Statement Schedules, see
Item 15(c) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3) For
a list of the exhibits required by Regulation S-K, see Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b) The
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and indexed below immediately
following Item 15(c), which index is incorporated herein by reference. 

(c) All
Financial Statement Schedules are included in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data under Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

74 

Exhibit Index 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The exhibits that are indicated below as having been previously filed by RBC Bearings
Incorporated with the SEC are incorporated herein by reference. Our Commission file number is 001-40840. 

Number 
 
 Description of Document 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RBC Bearings Incorporated dated August 13, 2005 (filed with Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated August 8, 2005). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of RBC Bearings Incorporated (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2017). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K dated May 26, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of stock certificate for common stock (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated August 4, 2005). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation for 5.00 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 24, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of stock certificate for 5.00 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 24, 2021) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2021, by and among Roller Bearing Company of America, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association for 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 7, 2021). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 7, 2021). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2022, between RBC Bearings Incorporated and Michael J. Hartnett, Ph.D. (filed
 as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1, dated as of August 1, 2022, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2022, between RBC Bearings
 Incorporated and Dr. Michael J. Hartnett (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 4, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2022, between RBC Bearings Incorporated and Daniel A. Bergeron (filed as
 Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1, dated as of August 1, 2022, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2022, between RBC Bearings
 Incorporated and Daniel A. Bergeron (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 4, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Change in Control Letter Agreement for Named Executive Officers (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated February 1, 2010). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Change in Control Letter Agreement for Patrick S. Bannon (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2017). 
 
 10.7 
 
 RBC Bearings Incorporated Executive Officer Performance Based Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 27, 2017). 
 
 10.8 
 
 RBC Bearings Incorporated Amended and Restated 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 21, 2013). 
 
 10.9 
 
 RBC Bearings Incorporated 2017 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 27, 2017). 
 
 10.10 
 
 RBC Bearings Incorporated 2021 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 10, 2021). 

75 

10.11 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated November 1, 2021, by and among Roller Bearing Company of America, Inc. as Borrower, RBC Bearings Incorporated, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Swingline Lender, and Letter of Credit Issuer, and various lenders signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 2, 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Guarantee, dated November 1, 2021, by and among RBC Bearings Incorporated and the subsidiary guarantors party thereto in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Collateral Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 2, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Security Agreement, dated November 1, 2021, by and between Roller Bearing Company of America, Inc., RBC Bearings Incorporated, the subsidiary grantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Collateral Agent for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 2, 2021). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Pledge Agreement, dated November 1, 2021, by and between Roller Bearing Company of America, Inc., RBC Bearings Incorporated, the subsidiary pledgors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 2, 2021). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2021, by and between ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd as Seller and RBC Bearings Incorporated as Purchaser (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 26, 2021). 
 
 10.16 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2022, by and among Roller Bearing Company of America, Inc., RBC Bearings Incorporated, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.01 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 7, 2022). 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 23 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

This certification is not deemed filed with the SEC and is
not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether
made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in
such filing. 

76 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RBC Bearings Incorporated 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Michael J. Hartnett 

Name: 
 Michael J. Hartnett 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 Date: May 19, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Michael J. Hartnett 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Michael J. Hartnett 
 
 (principal executive officer and chairman) 
 
 Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Daniel A. Bergeron 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Daniel A. Bergeron 

Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Robert M. Sullivan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Robert M. Sullivan 
 
 (principal financial officer) 
 
 Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Matthew J. Tift 
 
 Corporate Controller 
 
 Matthew J. Tift 

Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Richard R. Crowell 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard R. Crowell 

Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Dolores J. Ennico 
 
 Director 
 
 Dolores J. Ennico 

Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Edward D. Stewart 
 
 Director 
 
 Edward D. Stewart 

Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Dr. Steven H. Kaplan 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Steven H. Kaplan 

Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Michael H. Ambrose 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael H. Ambrose 

Date: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Dr. Amir Faghri 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Amir Faghri 

Date: May 19, 2023 

77 

<EX-21>
 2
 f10k2023ex21_rbcbearings.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Airtomic LLC Delaware 

 All Power de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
Mexico 

 All Power Manufacturing Co. California 

 B r und Mettler AG Switzerland 

 Beck B hler Mutschler Capital AG 
Switzerland 

 Climax Metal Products Company Ohio 

 Dodge Industrial Australia Pty Ltd Australia 

 Dodge Industrial Canada Inc. Canada 

 Dodge Industrial, Inc. Delaware 

 Dodge Industrial India Private Limited 
India 

 Dodge Industrial (Shanghai) Company Limited 
Hong Kong 

 Dodge Mechanical Power Transmission Mexico, S.
de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 

 Dodge (Shanghai) Mechanical Power Transmission
Ltd. People s Republic of China 

 Industrial Tectonics Bearings Corporation 
Delaware 

 RBC Aerostructures LLC South Carolina 

 RBC Aircraft Products, Inc. Delaware 

 RBC Bearings Polska sp. z o.o. Poland 

 RBC de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 

 RBC France SAS France 

 RBC Lubron Bearing Systems, Inc. Delaware 

 RBC Nice Bearings, Inc. Delaware 

 RBC Oklahoma, Inc. Delaware 

 RBC Precision Products, Inc. Delaware 

 RBC Southwest Products, Inc. Delaware 

 RBC Turbine Components LLC Delaware 

 Roller Bearing Company of America, Inc. 
Delaware 

 Sargent Aerospace and Defense LLC Delaware 

 Schaublin GmbH Germany 

 Schaublin Holding SA Switzerland 

 Schaublin SA Switzerland 

 Shanghai representative office of Roller Bearing
Company of America, Inc. People s Republic of China 

 Sonic Industries, Inc. California 

 Swiss Tool Systems AG - Switzerland 

 Vianel Holding AG Switzerland 

 Western Precision Aero LLC California 

All of which are, directly or indirectly, wholly-owned by the
registrant. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 f10k2023ex23_rbcbearings.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the following Registration Statements: 

(1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No.
 333-192164) pertaining to the RBC Bearings Incorporated 2013 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No.
 333-221329) pertaining to the RBC Bearings Incorporated 2017 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No.
 333-259669) pertaining to the RBC Bearings Incorporated Common Stock and Preferred Stock,
 and 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No.
 333-265490) pertaining to the RBC Bearings Incorporated 2021 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan; 

of our reports dated May 19, 2023, with respect
to the consolidated financial statements of RBC Bearings Incorporated and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
of RBC Bearings Incorporated included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of RBC Bearings Incorporated for the year ended April 1, 2023. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Stamford, Connecticut 

May 19, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-1_rbcbearings.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Dr. Michael J. Hartnett, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-K of RBC Bearings
Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including any consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this Report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael J. Hartnett 

Michael J. Hartnett 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-2_rbcbearings.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert M. Sullivan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-K of RBC Bearings
Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including any consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this Report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert M. Sullivan 

Robert M. Sullivan 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-1_rbcbearings.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of RBC Bearings
Incorporated (the Company Form 10-K for the year ended April 1, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Dr. Michael J. Hartnett, the President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies
to the best of his knowledge that: 

(i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Michael J. Hartnett 

Michael J. Hartnett 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2023ex32-2_rbcbearings.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of RBC Bearings
Incorporated (the Company Form 10-K for the year ended April 1, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Robert M. Sullivan, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge
that: 

(i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: May 19, 2023 

/s/ Robert M. Sullivan 

Robert M. Sullivan 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 roll-20230401.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 roll-20230401_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 roll-20230401_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 roll-20230401_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 roll-20230401_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

