<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230420_10-K_edgar_data_1156784_0001493152-23-013105.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11242771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>563072</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1457590</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4560721</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1918531</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2458815</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-013105.hdr.sgml : 20230420
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230420165019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-013105
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230420
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230420

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001156784
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				954868120
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33231
		FILM NUMBER:		23833745

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13110 NE 177TH PLACE, #145
		CITY:			WOODINVILLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98072
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(844) 641-2676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13110 NE 177TH PLACE, #145
		CITY:			WOODINVILLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98072

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CoroWare, Inc,
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080509

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Innova Robotics & Automation, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INNOVA HOLDINGS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041230

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-013105.txt : 20230420

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
 One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For
 the fiscal year ended , . 

or

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For
 the transition period from [ Date ] to [ Date ] 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Telephone number, including area
code: 

Registered Agents, Inc. 

 8
The Green, Suite R 

 Dover,
DE 19901 

 (307)
200-2803 

(Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

OTC Markets PINK 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

YES 

The
aggregate market value on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Company s most recently completed second quarter) of the
voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the stock on that date, was
approximately . The registrant does not have non-voting common stock outstanding. 

As
of April 19, 2023, there were shares of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 28 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 34 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 34 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 41 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements relate to future events including, without limitation, our ability to raise
capital, our operational and strategic initiatives or our future financial performance. We have attempted to identify forward-looking
statements by using terminology such as anticipates, believes, expects, can, 
 continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, 
 plans, potential, predict, should or will or the negative of these
terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions; uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels or activity, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Our expectations are
as of the date this Annual Report is filed, and we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date this
Annual Report is filed to confirm these statements to actual results, unless required by law. 

You
should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The cautionary statements set forth in this Annual Report identify important
factors which you should consider in evaluating our forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things: 

The speculative nature
 of the business we intend to develop; 

Our reliance on suppliers
 and customers; 

Our dependence upon external
 sources for the financing of our operations, particularly given that there are concerns about our ability to continue as a going
 concern; 

Our ability to effectively
 execute our business plan; 

Our ability to manage our
 expansion, growth and operating expenses; 

Our ability to finance
 our businesses; 

Our ability to promote
 our businesses; 

Our ability to compete
 and succeed in highly competitive and evolving businesses; 

Our ability to respond
 and adapt to changes in technology and customer behavior; and 

Our ability to protect
 our intellectual property and to develop, maintain and enhance strong brands. 

These
and other factors discussed above could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by any independent
parties and by us. 

TRADEMARKS,
SERVICE MARKS AND TRADE NAMES 

Solely
for convenience, we refer to trademarks in this Annual Report without the or the or symbols, but such references are not
intended to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our own trademarks. Other service
marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report, if any, are the property of their respective owners, although for
presentational convenience we may not use the or the symbols to identify such trademarks. 

3 

OTHER
PERTINENT INFORMATION 

Unless
the context otherwise indicates, when used in this Annual Report, the terms CarbonMeta, COWI, we, 
 us, our, the Company and similar terms refer to CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and
all of our consolidated subsidiaries and variable interest entities. 

USE
OF MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 

This
Annual Report includes market and industry data that we have obtained from third-party sources, including industry publications, as well
as industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which we operate (including
our management s estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management has developed its knowledge
of such industries through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management believes the third-party sources
referred to in this Annual Report are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently verified any of the data from such sources
referred to in this Annual Report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Furthermore, internally
prepared and third-party market prospective information, in particular, are estimates only and there will usually be differences between
the prospective and actual results, because events and circumstances frequently do not occur as expected, and those differences may be
material. Also, references in this Annual Report to any publications, reports, surveys or articles prepared by third parties should not
be construed as depicting the complete findings of the entire publication, report, survey or article. The information in any such publication,
report, survey or article is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

CarbonMeta
Technologies, Inc. CarbonMeta , the Company , we , us , or our is
a publicly quoted environmental research and development company that is commercializing technologies for processing organic wastes into
hydrogen and high-value carbon products economically and sustainably. 

The
Company was incorporated on July 8, 2001, under the laws
of the State of Delaware, as SRM Networks, Inc. In connection with the acquisition of Hy-Tech Computer Systems, Inc. on January 31, 2003,
the Company changed its name to Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc. In connection with the Agreement and Plan of Merger Robotics Workspace
Technology, Inc., Innova Holdings, Inc. and the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, RWT Acquisition, Inc., dated July 21, 2004,
the Company s name changed to Innova Holdings, Inc. Subsequently, on November 20, 2006, the Company changed its name to Innova
Robotics and Automation, Inc., and then on April 23, 2008, the Company changed its name to CoroWare, Inc. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Director owns all (25,000) issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Series G Preferred Stock,
which has voting rights equal to 5,000,000 votes for each share of Series G held; and 60,000 shares of the Company s Series D Preferred
Stock, which has voting rights equal to 100,000 votes for each share of Series D held. As of the date of this filing, our Chief Executive
Officer would have voting rights equal to 131,552,177,763 shares (125,000,000,000 voting shares through the Series G Preferred Stock;
6,000,000,000 voting shares through the Series D Preferred Stock; and 552,177,763 shares of common stock held) or approximately 85 of
the shares available to vote for a matter brought before shareholders. 

On
or about July 28, 2021, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the State
of Delaware to reflect a name change from CoroWare, Inc. to CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. 

The
Company was an SEC reporting company until October 2016, when the Company s gross margins and financing costs became unsustainable,
and the company ceased operations in October 2016. From 2017 - 2018, the Company investigated multiple business opportunities, but could
not pursue them without investor support. In 2020, the Company began investigating emerging technologies and sustainable growth business
opportunities related to the production of hydrogen and high value carbon products from organic waste streams. After careful consideration
of the potential market opportunities and the partnership with Oxford University, the Company took the decision to raise capital in the
public market and therefore become an SEC reporting company again. 

4 

The Company has six wholly-owned subsidiaries: CoroWare Technologies, Inc. CTI ), CoroWare Robotics Solutions, Inc. CRS ), Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc. RWT ),
Carbon Source, Inc. CS ), CoroWare Treasury, Inc. CWT ), and CarbonMeta Research Ltd. CMR ).
The Company has two majority owned subsidiaries: a 50.1 interest in CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC (joint venture with Salvum
Corporation)( CMGBM and a 51 interest in AriCon, LLC AriCon ). 

CoroWare
Technologies CTI was incorporated in the State of Florida on May 16, 2006 and its principal business was a software professional
services company with a strong focus on information technology integration and robotics integration, business automation solutions and
unmanned systems solutions to its customers in North America and Europe. 

CoroWare
Robotics Solutions, Inc. CRS was incorporated in the State of Texas on February 27, 2015, and its principal business
was as a technology incubation company whose focus was on the delivery of mobile robotics and IOT products, solutions and services for
university, government and corporate researchers, and enterprise customers. CRS s business operations were discontinued in October
2016 when the Company s gross margins and financing costs became unsustainable. 

Robotic
Workspace Technologies, Inc. RWT was incorporated in the State of Florida on July 1, 1994, and its principal business
was developing and marketing open-architecture PC controls and related products that could improve the performance, applicability, and
productivity of robots and other automated equipment. RWT s business operations were discontinued in September 2007 when the Company s
losses became unsustainable. 

Carbon
Source, Inc. CS was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on June 14, 2021 and its principal business is waste reclamation
technologies and processing. 

CoroWare
Treasury, Inc. CWT was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on July 6, 2021 and its principal business is acquisitions
related to acquiring technologies and subsidiary businesses related to waste processing. 

CarbonMeta
Research Ltd. CMR was incorporated in England and Wales on August 12, 2021 and its principal business will focus on the
development of technologies and solutions for processing organic wastes and generating economically sustainable hydrogen and high-value
carbon products. Using proprietary and patented technologies, it plans to implement new industrial methods using inexpensive, environmentally
friendly catalysts that process collected plastic waste material into high value products such as hydrogen gas, graphene and carbon nanotubes. 

CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC CMGBM is a joint
venture with Salvum Corporation organized on August 30, 2022 to develop and market construction mix products that are carbon negative
(see Production Agreement below). 

AriCon,
LLC AriCon) was a joint venture that was intended to develop mobile robot platforms, applications, and solutions for the construction
industry. In October 2016, AriCon ceased operations of all subsidiary business operations when the Company s losses became unsustainable,
and the Company was not able to obtain investment financing. 

In
the second quarter of fiscal year 2022, the company earned its first revenues with two customers. We believe that the Company will continue
to grow its revenues through microwave catalysis trial projects with energy companies, and EarthCrete deployments with construction contractor
companies. In addition, the company is actively pursuing federal government grants that can accelerate the Company s anticipated
growth of these businesses. 

In
2021, the Company began investigating emerging technologies, strategic intellectual property partnerships, and sustainable growth business
opportunities related to the production of hydrogen and high value carbon products from organic waste streams. Working cooperatively
with Oxford University Innovation, CarbonMeta plans to implement proven and patented technologies to add value to organic waste streams.
By utilizing these proven proprietary technologies, collected and captured plastic waste material can be upcycled to high value products
such as carbon nanotubes CNTs and hydrogen gas. 

CNTs
can be used for improved electrical conduction and reinforcing materials that are used in a wide variety of industries including the
automotive industry, aviation industry, medical industry, and construction. The number one growth driver is the increasing need for high
performance batteries for the electric vehicle market. 

Plastic
waste is a cheap and abundant feedstock that will allow the Company to scale quickly and produce hydrogen gas for a competitive price. 

5 

In
order to relaunch CarbonMeta in a new market and industry, the Company has adopted the following plan: 

Acquire or develop patents
 that will help the Company establish its competitive position and generate service and royalty revenues with potential customers; 

Form joint venture corporations
 with global energy partners and local communities to generate revenues from processing organic waste materials into high value products
 such as hydrogen gas, graphene and carbon nanotubes; 

Form joint venture corporations
 with commercial construction contractors to form businesses that can produce carbon negative construction materials
 for green building projects; 

Apply for government grants
 and loans in the United Kingdom, European Union and United States that encourage the development of high value production of hydrogen
 and high value carbon products from organic waste streams; 

Develop new proprietary
 and patented technologies to implement new industrial methods that can use inexpensive, environmentally friendly catalysts to process
 collected plastic waste material into high value products such as hydrogen gas, graphene and carbon nanotubes; and 

Attract investment funds
 who will actively work with the Company to achieve these goals and help the Company grow rapidly during the next 3 years. 

License
Agreements 

Oxford
University Innovation Limited 

On
June 2, 2021, the Company (the Licensee entered into a License Agreement (the Agreement with Oxford University
Innovation Limited (the Licensor ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Licensee will license the licensed technology
(OUI Project- Hydrogen from plastics via microwave-initiated catalytic dehydrogenation). The Agreement is non-exclusive and includes
the United States and European Union. Signing fees for the Agreement were 54,807 and have been paid in full by the Company. The
Royalty Rate is 5 of gross sales. The Agreement comprises milestone fees as: (i) 20,000 upon the first commercial sale of a licensed
product; (ii) 50,000 upon generating 1,000,000 in sales; (iii) 10,000 upon the successful grant of the US patent; and
(iv) 10,000 upon the successful grant of the EU patent. Whether the company realizes product sales or not, the Company is subject
to a minimum payment to Oxford University Innovation of 5,000 per year for license years 1 and 2, 3,000 for license year
3 and 1,000 for license year 4 and each license year thereafter. 

The
process that the Company licensed from Licensor for producing hydrogen and carbon products from waste plastics has not been demonstrated
on a larger scale. It is not yet known whether the process will be cost-effective or profitable to implement on a larger scale. The Company
has conducted tests to prove the percentage of carbon nanotubes up to 10 grams. The Company is working with a microwave reactor company
to help demonstrate this process at a scale of 100 kilograms and 1,000 kilograms per day. 

The
Company has met the following milestones of its development plan set forth in the license agreement with Oxford University Innovation: 

September 2021: established
 subsidiary in Oxford, United Kingdom 

March 2022: produced 0.025
 kilograms per day of marketable carbon nanotubes 

Oxford
University Innovation may terminate the license due to the company not using commercially reasonable efforts to develop, exploit and
market the licensed technology in accordance with the development plan. 

6 

From July 2022 to present (see Service Award below), CarbonMeta Technologies
has been working with University of Oxford on a project with a global multi-energy provider based in Europe to assess the feasibility
of processing mixed plastic waste into clean hydrogen fuel and value-added carbon products using microwave catalysis on a large commercial
scale. 

Ecomena
Limited 

On
December 2, 2021, the Company Licensee entered into a License of Agreement (the Agreement with Ecomena
Limited (an entity located in the United Kingdom) Licensor ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Licensee will license
the Licensed Technology to recycle industrial byproduct into cement free pavers and mortars that are environmentally friendly and continuously
absorb carbon dioxide. The signing fees payable to the Licensor under the Agreement are 20,000 cash (approximately 27,247 at
February 17, 2022) of which 10,000 has been paid by the Licensee, and 160,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
which was delivered to the Licensor on February 17, 2022. The royalty rate payable to the Licensor is 5 of product sales, subject to
a minimum of 5,000 per year for license years 1 and 2, 3,000 for license year 3 and 1,000 for license year 4 and
each license year thereafter. The term of the Agreement is five years from December 2, 2021 to December 2, 2026. The Licensee may terminate
the Agreement for any reason at any time provided it gives Licensor six (6) months written notice to terminate expiring after December
2, 2024. If requested by the Licensee, the Licensor shall agree to the Agreement continuing in force after December 2, 2026. As of the
date of this filing, the Agreement is still in effect. 

Production
Agreement 

On
January 11, 2022, the Company entered into an Interim Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement (the
 Agreement with Salvum Corporation. Under the terms of the Agreement, the parties agree to work together to develop
both CarbonMeta s proprietary cementless paver products known as Cementless Paver and Salvum s proprietary
concrete alternative products known as Earthcrete. During the Term, Salvum agrees to manufacture CarbonMeta s
proprietary cementless paver products known as Cementless Paver . CarbonMeta reserves the right to appoint other
manufacturers of the products and/or to engage other sales representatives for CarbonMeta s proprietary cementless paver
products known as Cementless Paver outside the United States of America. Although the Interim Joint Product
Development and Sales Representation Agreement with Salvum Corporation had a term of 180 days and expired on July 11, 2022, the
companies continued to work together, and the companies formed CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC CMGBM and
signed an Operating Agreement for Management of CMGBM on August 28, 2022 that supersedes the Interim Joint Product Development and
Sales Representation Agreement. 

The
Operating Agreement for Management of CMGBM (the CMGBM Agreement provides for (1) the allocation of 501 Managing
Membership units (50.1 to CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. COWI and 499 Managing Membership units (49.9 to Salvum
Corporation, (2) COWI capital contributions to CMGBM of (a) 250,000,000 shares of COWI common stock and (b) the assignment of the Ecomena
Limited license agreement, and (3) Salvum Corporation capital contributions to CMGBM of (a) existing EarthCrete customer list and sales
pipeline, and (b) license to use EarthCrete trademark worldwide. The CMGBM Agreement also provides that profits and losses (and distributions)
of CMGBM shall be allocated on the basis of each Managing Member s relative capital accounts and that a Managing Member may withdraw
from CMGBM upon not less than six months prior written notice to each non-withdrawing Managing Member. As of December 31, 2022, the above
capital contributions provided for in the CMGBM Agreement had not occurred and no significant operations of CMGBM had commenced. 

Service
Award 

On June 10, 2022, our subsidiary, CarbonMeta Research Ltd. CMR ),
was granted a Service Award (entitled Waste Plastic Catalysis Proof of Concept from a business company located in Spain.
The award provided for CMR to provide the customer with an initial prototype process for converting mixed waste plastic to hydrogen and
solid carbon and for the customer to pay CMR a total of 50,000 Euros in four installments as certain milestones are met. As of December
31, 2022, all of the milestones had been met by CMR and CMR had invoiced The customer the full 50,000 Euros 49,542), of which 40,103
was collected in the third quarter 2022 and 9,439 was collected in the fourth quarter 2022. 

In October 2022, CMR was granted a second Service Award for 50,000 Euros
to provide the customer with further details on the composition of the carbon products resulting from the microwave catalysis of waste
plastics. In December 2022, CMR invoiced the customer for 20,000 Euros, which was collected in January 2023. The project is expected
to reach completion in June 2023. 

In
order to further grow its business, the Company plans to: 

Develop and patent new
 microwave catalysis processes that can yield high value hydrogen and carbon products; 

Work closely with commercial
 building and solar farm general contractors that want to purchase carbon negative construction materials that can generate
 carbon credits; 

Acquire or develop patents
 that will help the Company generate royalty revenues with potential customers and partners, and protect the Company s competitive
 position against potential competitors; 

7 

Develop new proprietary
 and patented technologies to implement new industrial methods that can use inexpensive, environmentally friendly catalysts to process
 collected plastic waste material into high value products such as hydrogen gas, graphene and carbon nanotubes; 

seek out government programs
 in the United Kingdom, European Union and United States that encourage the development of high value production of hydrogen and high
 value carbon products from organic waste streams; and 

Attract investment funds
 who will actively work with the Company to achieve these goals and help the Company grow rapidly during the next 3 years. 

Some
potential joint venture candidates have been identified and discussions initiated. These candidates are within the Company s core
business model, serving commercial properties, accretive to cash flow, and geographically favorable. One of these joint ventures, CarbonMeta
Green Building Materials LLC will be focused on the development at marketing of construction mix products that are carbon-negative. Two
other joint ventures under discussion are focused on processing waste plastics into hydrogen and high value carbon products. We plan
to fund these joint ventures with customer purchase orders and invoice payments, federal loans, federal grants, and commercial loans. 

We
have unrestricted discretion in seeking and participating in a business opportunity, subject to the availability of such opportunities,
economic conditions, and other factors. 

The
selection of a business opportunity in which to participate is complex and risky. Additionally, we have only limited resources and may
find it difficult to locate good opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire any business opportunity
which will ultimately prove to be beneficial to us and our shareholders. We will select any potential business opportunity based on our
management s best business judgment. 

Our
activities are subject to several significant risks, which arise primarily as a result of the fact that we have no specific business
and may acquire or participate in a business opportunity based on the decision of management, which potentially could act without the
consent, vote, or approval of our shareholders. The risks faced by us are further increased as a result of its lack of resources and
our inability to provide a prospective business opportunity with significant capital. 

Patents/Trademarks 

We
currently hold no patents or trademarks. 

Research
 Development 

The
Company will continue to engage in research and development expenses. These will consist primarily of salaries, and benefits for employees
who are responsible for building new products as well as improving existing products. We will expense all of our research and development
costs as they are incurred. 

Compliance
Expenses 

Our
company incurs annual expenses to comply with state corporate governance and business licensing requirements. We estimate these costs
to be under 2,000 per year for the establishment of foreign corporations in other states that we plan to operate. 

Labor
and Other Supplies 

We
currently have one part-time employee. We contract all labor for public company governance services, website development, accounting,
legal and daily activities outside of management. 

8 

Principal
Products or Services and Markets 

The
Company is in the business of developing and marketing technologies and solutions that can process organic and construction wastes into
economically high-value and ecologically sustainable products. 

The
Company is partnering with a microwave reactor manufacturer in the United States to scale up the patented waste plastics
microwave processes that the Company licensed from Oxford University Innovation, and with a university partner in the United States to
separate, purify and characterize carbon nanotubes that the UK and US developers shall produce. 

The
principal products that the Company intends to market comprise: 

amorphous carbon, graphite,
 nano-graphite, graphene, carbon nanotubes, and hydrogen; and 

carbon-negative building
 products that help alleviate climate change by capturing carbon dioxide (CO2) for renewable energy projects. 

Seasonality 

We
do not expect any seasonality in our business. 

Leases 

The
Company anticipates its most significant lease obligations will be classified as fixed assets that will be used in the normal course
of its business. Some lease obligations may include renewal or purchase options, escalation clauses, restrictions, penalties or other
obligations that we will consider in determining minimum lease payments. The leases will be classified as either operating leases or
capital leases, as appropriate. 

Governmental
Regulation 

At
this moment, the Company is not subject to governmental and environmental regulations. As such the Company s research subsidiary,
CarbonMeta Research Ltd., will be prototyping and refining novel technologies, such as microwave catalysis of plastics and methane, and
then transferring those developed and patented technologies into joint venture subsidiary companies. 

Each
joint venture subsidiary company would be subject to certain foreign, federal, state and local regulatory requirements relating to environmental,
and health and safety matters; and will operate in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements. 

Environmental
Regulation 

When
each joint venture subsidiary company becomes operational, the Company will disclose the material costs and liabilities that arose and
may arise from these applicable regulatory requirements. 

If
a joint venture subsidiary company fails to comply with appropriate regulatory requirements, then the Company could be held liable for
any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed the Company s resources. The Company also could incur significant costs associated
with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 

In
addition, the Company may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair the Company s discovery, preclinical development or production
efforts. The Company s failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other
sanctions. 

9 

If
we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur
costs that could harm our business. 

Competition 

CarbonMeta
is pursuing a business strategy that is similar to other companies, but we will be using proprietary and patented technologies that are
unique in the industry. Nevertheless, there are many other companies that are already producing carbon nanotubes, including: 

Advanced Material Development 

Carbon Solutions, Inc. 

Cnano Technology. 

First Graphene 

Hyperion Catalysis 

Nanocyl S.A. 

NanoIntegris 

Raymor Nanotech 

Tuball 

Our
technologies may also allow us to compete with producers of grey, blue and green hydrogen gas. When utilizing electrical energy from
sustainable sources, our hydrogen gas can be considered as green hydrogen and therefore sustainable. 

As
with the carbon nanotubes, there are many other companies that are already producing hydrogen gas, including: 

PowerTap Hydrogen Capital
 Corp 

Sunhydrogen Inc. 

Ways2H 

SGH2 

Standard Hydrogen Corp 

Powerhouse Energygroup 

Hydrogen Utopia International 

Japan Blue Energy 

Wabash Valley Resources 

Raven SR 

Bayotech 

Electro Active 

Our
potential competitors may have greater resources, better access to capital, longer histories, more intellectual property and lower cost
operations. 

They
may secure better terms during the investment negotiation process, make strategic decisions more quickly than us and devote more capital
to better performing investments than we do. 

Our
competitors may also enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. 

Market
opportunity 

An
estimated 8.3 billion metric tonnes of plastic waste have been generated to date, with a mere 9 of that volume being recycled, 12 incinerated
and 79 going to landfills. In 2016, the world generated 242 million tonnes of plastic waste 12 percent of all municipal solid
waste, according to The World Bank. This plastic waste primarily originated from three regions 57 million tonnes from East Asia
and the Pacific, 45 million tonnes from Europe and Central Asia, and 35 million tonnes from North America. 

Each
year an additional 300 million tonnes of plastic waste are produced, which is projected to continue. According to the original study
published in Science Advances, by 2050, there will be 12 billion metric tons of plastic in landfills. 

Lack
of proper waste management results in plastic waste reaching earth s oceans. Several organizations are monitoring the abundance
of plastic debris in rivers and oceans. Researchers, universities, and non-profit initiatives all conclude that plastic waste form a
hazard for marine wildlife and should be captured, preferably before reaching earth s oceans. Organizations such as The Ocean Cleanup
are making great progress in capturing a portion of the plastic waste streams; however, processing this captured plastic is still a challenge. 

10 

Over
the past few years, several organizations introduced methods to use plastic waste as a feedstock to produce high value materials. Some
organizations offer plastic waste recycling solutions that transform unsorted, unwashed waste plastic into liquid fuels; however, these
solutions do not address the worldwide objective of reducing greenhouse gas emissions. 

Pyrolysis
is a common technique used to convert plastic and organic wastes into energy, in the form of solid, liquid, and gaseous fuels. Different
catalysts are used to improve the pyrolysis process and improve efficiency. However, catalysts are expensive, thus making the overall
process less profitable. Moreover, this process is also energy-intensive, and the resulting oil product requires additional energy to
be further refined. Pyrolysis also requires emission treatment technologies since some gasses produced through this method are toxic. 

Working
cooperatively with university and industry partners, CarbonMeta Technologies plans to implement new industrial processes that selectively
break carbon-hydrogen bonds in plastics waste using inexpensive, environmentally friendly iron-based catalysts to yield high purity hydrogen
and high value carbons. Using these proven proprietary technologies, collected plastic waste material can be upcycled to high value products
such as hydrogen gas, graphene and carbon nanotubes. 

Businesses
worldwide are seeking solutions to decarbonize transportation and power generation; and affordable high purity carbon products for industrial
processes such as steel production and electric vehicle batteries. 

Hydrogen
has been identified as an affordable and clean solution for decarbonizing transportation, and the market production has been projected
to grow from 129B in 2020 to 219B in 2030. 

https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/hydrogen-generation-market

https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/08/2419052/0/en/Hydrogen-Generation-Market-Size-Worth-USD-220-37-Billion-Globally-by-2028-at-5-6-CAGR-Fortune-Business-Insights.html

Today,
hydrogen is primarily produced by processing natural gas, which results in the production of CO2, and increasingly by electrolyzing water
into hydrogen and oxygen. With hydrogen demand expected to increase further, there is an urgent need to develop new low-carbon technologies
to affordably produce hydrogen. 

https://www.iea.org/reports/the-future-of-hydrogen

https://www.precedenceresearch.com/hydrogen-generation-market

Similarly,
high purity carbon is in growing demand for steel production, electric vehicle battery anode production, and many industrial processes.
The global graphite market has been projected to grow from 14B in 2019 to 21B in 2027. 

https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/graphite-market 

https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/graphite-market-105322

https://www.globenewswire.com/en/news-release/2022/03/08/2399045/0/en/Graphite-Market-to-Worth-USD-25-70-Billion-by-2021-2028-Graphite-Industry-CAGR-of-8-2.html

Moreover,
the carbon nanotubes market has been projected to grow from 876M in 2021 to 1.7B in 2026, although some market estimates are even larger.
Market demand is being driven by the use of carbon nanotubes in protective coatings, lithium-ion batteries, mobile phones and computing
devices. 

https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/carbon-nanotubes-139.html

https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/carbon-nanotubes-cnt-market-102700

Today,
the majority of the world s graphite is produced in China primarily through mining and increasingly by industrial production. Similarly,
the majority of the world s carbon nanotubes are produced in China using an energy intensive plasma vapor deposition process. 

11 

CarbonMeta
Technologies is developing a technology that uses microwave catalysis to heat waste plastics and biowaste in the absence of oxygen to
produce hydrogen and solid carbon without the generation of CO2. The technology, which was developed by the University of Oxford, is
scalable and modular, and has the potential to process millions of tons of plastic worldwide. 

CarbonMeta
Technologies plans to achieve this scale through partnerships and joint venture partnerships with global energy companies, waste management
companies, and waste remediation companies worldwide. 

Growth
Issues 

Scalability 

CarbonMeta
has been and will continue to partner with leading edge materials research taking place at Oxford University and other universities that
are developing unique solutions for processing organic waste into high value hydrogen and carbon products. 

Insufficient
Capital 

Currently,
CarbonMeta is confronted with the need to attract and retain a consistent investment source in order to grow our operations rapidly.
If CarbonMeta is not funded properly, it will prevent us from capturing a significant portion of the market. To establish a first-mover
advantage in this space, CarbonMeta is seeking funding from the capital markets which may include debt and equity offerings. 

Production
Lead Time 

We
anticipate that the lead time for the development of our first patented solution that will be commercially operational will be 18 months.
This reflects equipment ordering, installation, development, testing, operational readiness, and market readiness. 

Marketing
Strategy 

CarbonMeta
shall market its hydrogen and carbon products to industrial customers that are developing higher capacity electrochemical energy storage,
and construction customers that are seeking higher strength concrete materials, and tire manufacturers that are developing lower-resistance
and longer wear tires for automobiles and trucks. 

CarbonMeta
shall market its carbon nanotube products to industrial customers that are developing higher capacity electrochemical energy storage,
and construction customers that are seeking higher strength concrete materials, and tire manufacturers that are developing lower-resistance
and longer wear tires for automobiles and trucks. The Company will implement a direct sales and marketing strategy to reach potential
customers and generate revenues. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Report, we have one (1) part-time employee that serves as the Company s sole officer and director. Our employee
is not represented by a union. We consider relations with our employee to be positive and productive. We plan to expand our management
team within the next 12 months to include certain officers for any acquisitions and any new subsidiaries or operational activities management
deems necessary. We consider our relations with our employees and consultants to be in good standing. Please see DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS for additional information. 

Available
Information 

Our
website, www.carbonmetatech.com , provides access, without charge, to our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The information provided on our website is not part of this Annual
Report and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this
Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding our company that we file electronically with the SEC. 

12 

Company
Information 

We
are a Delaware corporation. Our corporate address is 20205 144 th Ave NE, Woodinville, WA 98072, our telephone number is
(844) 698-3777 and our website address is www.carbonmetatech.com. The information on our website is not a part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. The Company s stock is quoted under the symbol COWI on the OTC Markets
 PINK. The Company s transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer whose address is 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr., Henderson,
NV, Tel: (702) 818-5898 Fax: (702) 974-1444. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

RISK
FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves certain risks. Before deciding to invest in our common stock, you should consider carefully the
following discussion of risks and uncertainties affecting us and our securities, together with other information in this Annual Report.
Our business, business prospects, financial condition or results of operations could be seriously harmed as a result of these risks.
This could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, also may materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Please also read carefully the section below entitled Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements. 

Risks
Relating to Our Financial Condition 

Our
independent registered accounting firm has expressed concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
report of our independent registered accounting firm expresses concern about our ability to continue as a going concern based on the
absence of significant revenues, our significant losses from operations and our need for additional financing to fund all of our operations.
It is not possible at this time for us to predict with assurance the potential success of our business. The revenue and income potential
of our proposed business and operations are unknown. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, we may be unable to continue our operations
and you may lose some or all of your investment in our common stock. 

We
have limited operational history in an emerging industry, making it difficult to accurately predict and forecast business operation. 

As
we have less than ten years of corporate operational history and have yet to generate revenue under our new business model, it is extremely
difficult to make accurate predictions and forecasts on our finances. This is compounded by the fact that we operate in both the carbon
nanotubes and hydrogen sectors, which is a rapidly transforming technological sector. There is no guarantee that we will properly execute
our business model in either sector. 

As
a growing company, we have yet to achieve a profit and may not achieve a profit in the near future, if at all. 

We
have not yet produced a net profit and may not in the near future, if at all. While we expect our revenue to grow, we have not achieved
profitability and cannot be certain that we will be able to sustain our current growth rate or realize sufficient revenue to achieve
profitability. Further, many of our competitors in the field of carbon nanotubes and hydrogen technology have a significantly larger
user base and revenue stream but have yet to achieve profitability. Our ability to continue as a going concern may be dependent upon
raising capital from financing transactions, increasing revenue throughout the year and keeping operating expenses below our revenue
levels in order to achieve positive cash flows, none of which can be assured. 

We
may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

We
intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges,
including the need to develop new features and products or enhance our existing products, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire
complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in continued equity or debt financings to secure additional
funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could
suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of
our common stock. Any debt financing we secure in the future, could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities
and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business
opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all.
If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to
support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be impaired, and our business may be harmed. 

13 

We
expect our quarterly financial results to fluctuate. 

We
expect our net sales and operating results to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, including changes
in: 

Demand for our products; 

Our ability to obtain and
 retain existing customers; 

Our ability to develop
 our carbon nanotubes and hydrogen products; 

General economic conditions,
 both domestically and in foreign markets; 

Advertising and other marketing
 costs; 

Costs of producing the
 carbon nanotubes and hydrogen; 

Retaining
 key personnel; and 

Positive returns on our
 alternative investments. 

As
a result of the variability of these and other factors, our operating results in future quarters may be below the expectations of our
stockholders. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may materially and adversely affect our business and operations. 

The
impact on our business from the outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus is unknown at this time and difficult to predict. While vaccines
are currently being administered in the United States and other countries throughout the world, at the current time the federal government
and local states have instituted restrictions which could adversely affect the Company s operations. The impact of COVID-19 has
also created global supply chain challenges. These challenges create risk in the timing of delivery of kiosks and products. As outbreaks
happen in certain areas of the supply chain it will create delays. Having redundancies in these areas to minimize timeline creep is not
cost effective. Additionally, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global financial markets may reduce our ability to access capital,
which could negatively impact our short-term and long-term liquidity. Other potential adverse effects of COVID-19 might include, for
example, our ability to meet projected goals through the continued availability of our workforce; adverse impacts from new laws and regulations
affecting our business or increased cyber risks and reliance on technology infrastructure to support our business and operations, including
through remote-work protocols. The specific impact that COVID-19 could have on these risks remains uncertain. 

We
have a history of losses, and we may not become profitable in the future. 

The
company has incurred losses in all the years since formation. Most of these investments were made in product development, engineering
and some sales expenses. We may incur similar net losses for the foreseeable future. 

We
expect to continue to make significant future expenditures related to the development and expansion of our business, including: 

investments in our research
 and development team and in the development of processing organic waste streams into higher value carbon and hydrogen products; 

investments in sales and
 marketing, including expanding our sales force, increasing our customer base, increasing market awareness of our platform and development
 of new technologies; 

expanding of our operations
 and infrastructure, including internationally; and 

hiring additional employees. 

CarbonMeta
 is changing its industry direction
and business model 

It
will take 12-18 months to establish a firm direction towards revenue and profitability. The company will need to build out a new corporate
leadership team, identify additional acquisition opportunities, and continue to work on and evolve its long-term business plan. The company
is also incurring costs associated with general administration, including legal, accounting and other expenses related to being a public
company upon completion of this offering. 

As
a result of these increased expenses, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenue to be profitable in future periods. Further,
in future periods, our revenue growth rate could decline, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset higher costs
and achieve or sustain profitability. If we fail to achieve, sustain or increase profitability, our business and operating results could
be adversely affected. 

14 

We
have no operating history, which makes it difficult to predict our future results of operations. 

The
company was inactive from November 2016 through June 2020, which limits our ability to forecast our future results
of operations and subjects us to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and anticipate future growth. Our historical
revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow
or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our solutions, increasing competition, a decrease
in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities. We have also
encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such
as determining appropriate investments of our limited resources, competition from other companies, attracting and retaining customers,
hiring, integrating, training and retaining skilled personnel, 

Changing
global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions and trade relations with Asia, Europe and Latin America. These conditions
could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase products and services and could adversely affect our operating
results. In addition, companies that have competing products may reduce prices which could also reduce our average selling prices and
harm our operating results. 

If
we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts,
our results could be harmed. 

Due
to the early stages of our business model, the unpredictability of new markets that we enter and unpredictability of future general economic
and financial market conditions, we may not be able to accurately forecast our rate of growth. We plan our expense levels and investment
on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. We may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if the
addition of new subscriptions or the renewal rate for existing subscriptions falls short of our expectations. 

As
a result, we expect that our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis. Our recent
revenue growth rates may not be sustainable and may decline in the future. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our revenues,
operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 

We
may in the future be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. 

The
waste processing, carbon nanotube, and hydrogen production industries are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents,
trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property
rights. The outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming
and expensive to resolve, could divert management attention from executing our business plan and could require us to change our technology,
change our business practices and/or pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements which may
not be available in the future at the same terms or at all. Any adverse determination related to intellectual property claims or litigation
could be material to our net income or cash flows of a particular quarter or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
quarterly results can fluctuate and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your
investment could decline substantially. 

We
may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts or investors, and the market price of our common stock or the trading
price of the notes could decline. Moreover, our stock price may be based on expectations of our future performance that may be unrealistic
or that may not be met. Some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate from
quarter to quarter include: 

our
 ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers requirements; 

the
 number of new employees added; 

changes
 in our pricing policies whether initiated by us or as a result of intense competition; 

the
 rate of expansion and productivity of our sales force; 

15 

new
 product and service introductions by our competitors; 

our
 success in selling our products and services to large enterprises; 

general
 economic conditions could adversely affect either our customers ability or willingness to purchase additional subscriptions
 or upgrade their service, or delay a prospective customers purchasing decision, or reduce the value of new subscription contracts,
 or affect renewal rates, all of which could adversely affect our operating results; 

the
 timing of customer payments and payment defaults by customers; 

costs
 associated with acquisitions of companies and technologies; 

extraordinary
 expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments; and 

the
 impact of new accounting pronouncements. 

Many
of these factors are not within our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might cause our operating results to vary widely.
As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful and should
not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 

As
we acquire companies or technologies in the future, they could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder
value and adversely affect our operating results and the value of your investment. 

As
part of our business strategy, we regularly evaluate acquisitions of complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies,
and we expect that periodically we will continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions and investments
involve numerous risks, including: 

the
 potential failure to achieve the expected benefits of the combination or acquisition; 

difficulties
 in and the cost of integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel; 

diversion
 of financial and managerial resources from existing operations; 

risk
 of entering new markets in which we have little or no experience; 

potential
 write-offs of acquired assets or investments; 

potential
 loss of key employees; 

inability
 to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs; 

the
 inability to maintain relationships with customers and partners of the acquired business; 

potential
 unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; 

unanticipated
 expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into existing technology; 

negative
 impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired intangible assets,
 fixed assets and deferred compensation, and the loss of acquired deferred revenue; 

delays
 in customer purchases due to uncertainty; 

the
 need to implement controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company at companies that prior to the acquisition lacked
 such controls, procedures and policies; and 

challenges
 caused by distance, language and cultural differences. 

16 

In
addition, if we finance acquisitions by issuing additional convertible debt or equity securities, our existing stockholders may be diluted
which could affect the market price of our stock. Further, if we fail to properly evaluate and execute acquisitions or investments, our
business and prospects may be seriously harmed, and the value of your investment may decline. 

The
market for carbon nanotubes and hydrogen are volatile, and if it develops more slowly than we expect, our business could be harmed. 

The
market for producing carbon nanotubes and hydrogen is not as mature as the market for packaged enterprise software and hardware, and
it is uncertain whether these services will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market acceptance. If enterprises do not perceive
the benefits of carbon nanotubes and hydrogen, then the market for these products and services may not develop at all, or it may develop
more slowly than we expect, either of which would significantly adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may make errors
in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends, which could harm our business. 

Any
failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 

If
we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology, and our business
might be harmed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any of our trademarks or other
intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. While we plan to
file patents, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, any patents
issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore,
legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Effective
patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our service is available.
The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for
enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties
from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 

We
might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation
against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Any litigation,
whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management
personnel. 

If
we fail to develop our brands cost-effectively, our business may suffer. 

We
believe that developing and maintaining awareness of the Carbon Source brand and our other brands in a cost-effective manner is critical
to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future services and is an important element in attracting new customers. Furthermore,
we believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market develops. Successful promotion of our
brands will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to provide reliable secure and useful services
at competitive prices. In the past, our efforts to build our brands have involved significant expense. Brand promotion activities may
not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred in building our brands.
If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain
our brands, we may fail to attract enough new customers or retain our existing customers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient
return on our brand-building efforts, and our business could suffer. 

17 

We
are dependent on our management team and development and operations personnel, and the loss of one or more key employees or groups could
harm our business and prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner. 

Our
success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly
our Chief Executive Officer. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure
of executives. Such changes in our executive management team may be disruptive to our business. We are also substantially dependent on
the continued service of our existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our service and technologies.
We have an employment agreement with our sole officer and director, Lloyd Spencer. We do not maintain key person life insurance
policies on any of our employees. The loss of one or more of our key employees or groups could seriously harm our business. 

Our sole officer and director holds
similar positions at another public company 

Mr. Spencer has been serving as a Director, President
and Chief Executive Officer at CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. (OTCPK:COWI) since November 2008 and currently serves as
Secretary and Director of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (OTCPK:DGWR). 

We
may not be successful in our efforts to build a pipeline of product candidates. 

A
key element of our strategy is to build a pipeline of carbon and hydrogen products that are marketable. Even if we are successful in
building a product pipeline, the potential product candidates that we identify may not be suitable for sale to customers for any number
of reasons. If our methods of identifying potential product candidates fail to produce a pipeline of potentially viable product candidates,
then our success as a business will be dependent on the success of fewer potential product candidates, which introduces risks to our
business model and potential limitations to any success we may achieve. 

Because
competition for our target employees is intense, we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees we need to support
our operations and increasing customer base. 

In
the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing
and managing software and Internet-related services, as well as competition for sales executives and operations personnel. We may not
be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We expect to experience difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled
employees with appropriate qualifications. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the stock awards
they receive in connection with their employment. If our stock price performs poorly, it may adversely affect our ability to retain highly
skilled employees. In addition, since we expense all stock-based compensation, we may periodically change our stock compensation practices,
which may include reducing the number of employees eligible for options or reducing the size of equity awards granted per employee. If
we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could
be severely harmed. 

If
we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur
costs that could harm our business. 

The United States does not have a nationwide recycling
regulation that requires businesses to recycle. Although this is the case, many state and local governments have introduced their own
waste and recycling mandates that commercial businesses must follow. 

When we expand our operations to process organic
gases and waste materials into carbon and hydrogen products, our operations will be subject to certain foreign, federal, state and local
regulatory requirements relating to environmental, and health and safety matters. The company will operate in compliance with all applicable
regulatory requirements. However, material costs and liabilities may arise from these requirements or from new, modified or more stringent
requirements. 

If we fail to comply with appropriate regulatory
requirements, then the Company could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed the Company s resources.
The Company also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such
laws and regulations. 

In addition, the Company may incur substantial
costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and
regulations may impair the Company s discovery, preclinical development or production efforts. The Company s failure
to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

18 

Our
business is subject to changing regulations regarding corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and
the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which
are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. Our efforts to comply
with new and changing regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses
and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, our business may be harmed. 

Natural
disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us. 

Natural
disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy,
and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power
shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events
could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers and could decrease demand for our services. 

We
may be unable to manage growth, which may impact our potential profitability. 

Successful
implementation of our business strategy requires us to manage our growth. Growth could place an increasing strain on our management and
financial resources. To manage growth effectively, we will need to: 

Establish definitive business
 strategies, goals and objectives; 

Maintain a system of management
 controls; and 

Attract and retain qualified
 personnel, as well as, develop, train and manage management-level and other employees. 

If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed, and our
stock price may decline. 

We
may not be able to compete successfully with other established companies offering the same or similar services and, as a result, we may
not achieve our projected revenue and user targets. 

If
we are unable to compete successfully with other businesses in our existing market, we may not achieve our projected revenue and/or targets.
We compete with both start-up and established financial and technology companies. Compared to our business, some of our competitors may
have greater financial and other resources, have been in business longer, have greater name recognition and be better established in
the carbon nanotubes and hydrogen sectors. 

19 

Failure
to manage our rapid growth effectively could increase our expenses, decrease our revenue, and prevent us from implementing our business
strategy. 

After
funding, we expect to experience a period of rapid growth. To manage our anticipated future growth effectively, we must continue to maintain,
and may need to enhance, our information technology infrastructure and financial and accounting systems and controls, as well as manage
expanded operations in geographically distributed locations. We also must attract, train, and retain a significant number of qualified
sales and marketing personnel, professional services personnel, software engineers, technical personnel, and management personnel. Failure
to manage our rapid growth effectively could lead us to over-invest or under-invest in technology and operations; result in weaknesses
in our infrastructure, systems, or controls; give rise to operational mistakes, losses, or loss of productivity or business opportunities;
and result in loss of employees and reduced productivity of remaining employees. Our growth could require significant capital expenditures
and may divert financial resources and management attention from other projects, such as the development of new services. If our management
is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our revenue could decline or may grow more
slowly than expected, and we may be unable to implement our business strategy. 

We
depend on key employees and face competition in hiring and retaining qualified employees. 

Our employees are vital to our success, and our key
management and other employees are difficult to replace. We may not be able to retain highly qualified employees in the future which could
adversely affect our business. 

Our
lack of adequate D O insurance may also make it difficult for us to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers. 

We
may in the future be subject to additional litigation, including potential class action and stockholder derivative actions. Risks associated
with legal liability are difficult to assess and quantify, and their existence and magnitude can
remain unknown for significant periods of time. To date, we have not obtained directors and officers liability D O insurance. While neither Delaware law nor our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws require us to indemnify or advance expenses
to our officers and directors involved in such a legal action, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with our President and
intend to enter into similar agreements with other officers and directors in the future. Without adequate D O insurance, the amounts
we would pay to indemnify our officers and directors should they be subject to legal action based on their service to the Company could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, our lack of adequate D O
insuranc e may make it difficult for us to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers, which could adversely
affect our business. 

We
may experience significant losses from operations. 

Even
if we do generate operating income in one or more quarters in the future, subsequent developments in our industry, customer base, business
or cost structure or an event such as significant litigation or a significant transaction may cause us to again experience operating
losses. We may not become profitable for the long-term, or even for any quarter. 

Because
competition for our target employees is intense, we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees we need to support
our planned growth. 

To
continue to execute on our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense,
especially for senior sales executives and engineers with high levels of experience in designing and developing software and Internet-related
services. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We have from time to time in the past experienced,
and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications.
Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. In addition, in making employment
decisions, particularly in the Internet and high-technology industries, job candidates often consider the value of the equity awards
they are to receive in connection with their employment. Volatility in the price of our stock or failure to obtain stockholder approval
for increases in the number of shares available for grant under our equity plans may, therefore, adversely affect our ability to attract
or retain key employees. Furthermore, the requirements to expense equity awards may discourage us from granting the size or type of equity
awards that job candidates require to join our company. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current
personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. 

20 

We
may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition. 

The
success of any acquisition will depend on, among other things, our ability to combine our businesses in a manner that does not materially
disrupt existing relationships and that allows us to achieve operational synergies and capitalize on the increased brand recognition
and customer base of the combined company. If we are not able to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition
may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. In particular, the acquisition may not be accretive
or accelerate sales in near or long term. 

The
integration process could result in the loss of key employees; the disruption of our ongoing businesses; or inconsistencies in standards,
controls, procedures, or policies that could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with third parties and employees
or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Integration efforts between the two companies will also divert management s
attention from our core business and other opportunities that could have been beneficial to our shareholders. An inability to realize
the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process,
could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, which may affect the value of the shares of our common stock
after the completion of the acquisition. 

Further,
the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses. Operational improvements and actual cost synergies, if achieved
at all, may be lower than we expect and may take longer to achieve than we anticipate. If we are not able to adequately address these
challenges, we may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of any acquisition. 

21 

General
Business Risks 

Our
business and operations may experience rapid growth. If we fail to manage our growth, our business and operating results could be harmed
and we may have to incur significant expenditures to address the additional operational and control requirements of this growth. 

We
may experience rapid growth in our sales and operations, which may place significant demands on our management, operational and financial
infrastructure. If we do not manage our growth, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect
our brand and operating results. To manage this growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management
controls and our reporting systems and procedures. These systems enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures
and allocation of valuable management resources. If the improvements are not implemented successfully, our ability to manage our growth
will be impaired and we may have to make significant additional expenditures to address these issues, which could harm our financial
position. The required improvements may include: Enhancing our information and communication systems to attempt to optimize proper service
to our customers, and Enhancing systems of internal controls to ensure timely and accurate reporting of all of our operations 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent
fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business
and the trading price of our stock. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, our brand and operating results could be harmed. We may in the future discover areas of our internal
controls that need improvement. We cannot be certain that any measures we implement will ensure that we achieve and maintain adequate
controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties
encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior
internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect
on the trading price of our stock. 

We
have no operating history under our new business model utilizing carbon nanotubes or hydrogen technology in an emerging and rapidly evolving
market. This makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

We
have no operating history under our new business model utilizing carbon nanotubes or hydrogen technology. You must consider our business
and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we will encounter as an early-stage company in a new and rapidly evolving market.
We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could materially harm our business and operating results. 

We
cannot be certain that additional financing will be available on reasonable terms when required, or at all. 

From
time to time, we may need additional financing. Our ability to obtain additional financing, if and when required, will depend on investor
demand, our operating performance, the condition of the capital markets, and other factors. We cannot assure you that additional financing
will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. We may need to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity,
equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of our Common Stock,
and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. 

22 

Rapid
technological changes. 

The
industries in which the Company intends to compete with are subject to rapid technological changes. No assurances can be given that the
technological advantages which may be enjoyed by the Company in respect of their technologies cannot or will not be overcome by technological
advances in the respective industries rendering the Company s technologies obsolete or non-competitive. 

Lack
of indications of product acceptability. 

The
success of the Company will be dependent upon its ability to develop commercially acceptable products and to sell such products in quantities
sufficient to yield profitable results. To date, the Company has received no indications of the commercial acceptability of any of its
proposed products. Accordingly, the Company cannot predict whether its products can be marketed and sold in a commercial manner. 

Reliance
upon third parties. 

The
Company does not intend on maintaining a significant technical staff nor does it intend on manufacturing its products. Rather it will
rely heavily on consultants, contractors, and manufacturers to design, develop and manufacture its products. Accordingly, there is no
assurance that such third parties will be available when needed at affordable prices. 

Protection
of intellectual property. 

The
success of the Company will be dependent, in part, upon the protection of its various proprietary technologies from competitive use.
Certain of its technologies are the subject of various patents in varying jurisdictions. In addition to the patent applications, the
Company relies on a combination of trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions to protect its intellectual
property rights. Nevertheless, these measures may be inadequate to safeguard the Company s underlying technologies. If these measures
do not protect the intellectual property rights, third parties could use the Company s technologies, and its ability to compete
in the market would be reduced significantly. 

In
the future, the Company may be required to protect or enforce its patents and patent rights through patent litigation against third parties,
such as infringement suits or interference proceedings. These lawsuits could be expensive, take significant time, and could divert management s
attention from other business concerns. These actions could put the Company s patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted
narrowly, and any patent applications at risk of not issuing. In defense of any such action, these third parties may assert claims against
the Company. The Company cannot provide any assurance that it will have sufficient funds to vigorously prosecute any patent litigation,
that it will prevail in any of these suits, or that the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, will be commercially valuable. During
the course of these suits, there may be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions and other interim proceedings or developments
in the litigation, which could result in the negative perception by investors, which could cause the price of the Company s common
stock to decline dramatically. 

23 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

The
market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
offering price for our Common Stock will be set by us based on a number of factors and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail
on OTC Markets PINK or elsewhere following this Offering. The price of our Common Stock may decline following this Offering.
The stock market in general, and the market price of our Common Stock will likely be subject to fluctuation, whether due to, or irrespective
of, our operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

Our
financial performance, our industry s overall performance, changing consumer preferences, technologies and advertiser requirements,
government regulatory action, tax laws and market conditions in general could have a significant impact on the future market price of
our Common Stock. Some of the other factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in our share price
include: 

actual or anticipated variations
 in our periodic operating results; 

changes in earnings estimates; 

changes in market valuations
 of similar companies; 

actions or announcements
 by our competitors; 

adverse market reaction
 to any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future; 

additions or departures
 of key personnel; 

actions by stockholders; 

speculation in the press
 or investment community; and 

our intentions and ability
 to list our Common Stock on a national securities exchange and our subsequent ability to maintain such listing. 

We
do not expect to declare or pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not expect to declare or pay dividends in the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will invest future earnings in the development
and growth of our business. Therefore, holders of our Common Stock will not receive any return on their investment unless they sell their
securities, and holders may be unable to sell their securities on favorable terms or at all. 

Because
we do not have an audit or compensation committee, shareholders will have to rely on our directors, none of whom is not independent,
to perform these functions. 

We
do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of an independent director. Indeed, we do not have any audit or compensation
committee. The Board of Directors performs these functions as a whole. No members of the Board of Directors are an independent director.
Thus, there is a potential conflict in that board members who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning
management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

Because
we lack certain internal controls over financial reporting in that we do not have an audit committee and our Board of Directors has no
technical knowledge of U.S. GAAP and internal control of financial reporting and relies upon the Company s financial personnel
to advise the Board on such matters, we are subject to increased risk related to financial statement disclosures. 

We
lack certain internal controls over financial reporting in that we do not have an audit committee and our Board of Directors has no technical
knowledge of U.S. GAAP and internal control of financial reporting and relies upon the Company s financial personnel to advise
the Board on such matters. Accordingly, we are subject to increased risk related to financial statement disclosures. 

Our
sole officer and director holds a significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities, which could reduce the ability of minority
shareholders to effect certain corporate actions. 

Our
sole officer and director, Lloyd Spencer, is the beneficial owner of 552,177,763 shares of common stock, 60,000 shares of Series D Preferred
Stock, 85,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock and 25,000 shares of Series G Preferred Stock, which controls 90 of the voting
securities prior to the Offering and 83 of our outstanding voting securities after the Offering, assuming all 2,781,937,537 shares of
common stock in this Offering are sold. Mr. Spencer is the owner of 100 of the Company s issued and outstanding Series G Preferred
stock. The Company s Series G Preferred stock has voting rights equal to 5,000,000 votes per each one share. As such, Mr. Spencer
has voting rights equal to 125,000,000,000 shares of common stock and thus control of any item brought before shareholders requiring
a vote. As a result of this ownership, Mr. Spencer possesses and can continue to possess significant influence and can elect and can
continue to elect a majority of our Board of Directors and authorize or prevent proposed significant corporate transactions. Mr. Spencer s
ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation,
takeover or other business combination or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer. 

There exists the potential risk and conflict of interest
presented by the ability of Mr. Spencer to retain majority control of the Company s voting power while reducing, potentially significantly,
his economic interest in the Company s shares. Although Mr. Spencer may be able to sell his entire economic interest in the Company s
common stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock, Mr. Spencer would retain control over the company by maintaining
his Series G Preferred Stock. 

24 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements involves the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, and our consolidated financial
statements may be materially affected if such estimates, judgments or assumptions prove to be inaccurate. 

Financial
statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP typically require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Often, different estimates, judgments
and assumptions could reasonably be used that would have a material effect on such financial statements, and changes in these estimates,
judgments and assumptions may occur from period to period over time. Significant areas of accounting requiring the application of management s
judgment include, but are not limited to, determining the fair value of assets and the timing and amount of cash flows from assets. These
estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain and, if our estimates were to prove to be wrong, we would face the risk
that charges to income or other financial statement changes or adjustments would be required. Any such charges or changes could harm
our business, including our financial condition and results of operations and the price of our securities. See Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments
and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements and our business. 

If
securities industry analysts do not publish research reports on us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and market
trading volume of our Common Stock could be negatively affected. 

Any
trading market for our Common Stock will be influenced in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish about
us. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities industry analysts. If no securities industry analysts
commence coverage of us, the market price and market trading volume of our Common Stock could be negatively affected. In the event we
are covered by analysts, and one or more of such analysts downgrade our securities, or otherwise reports on us unfavorably, or discontinues
coverage or us, the market price and market trading volume of our Common Stock could be negatively affected. 

Future
issuances of our Common Stock or securities convertible into our Common Stock, or the expiration of lock-up agreements that restrict
the issuance of new Common Stock or the trading of outstanding stock, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline and
would result in the dilution of your shareholding. 

Future
issuances of our Common Stock or securities convertible into our Common Stock, and/or conversion of the Notes convertible into Common
Stock, or the expiration of lock-up agreements that restrict the sale of Common Stock by selling shareholders, or the trading of outstanding
stock, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. We cannot predict the effect, if any, of the exercise of conversion
of the Notes into Common Stock or other future issuances of our Common Stock or securities convertible into our Common Stock, or the
future expirations of lock-up agreements, on the price of our Common Stock. In all events, future issuances of our Common Stock would
result in the dilution of your shareholding. In addition, the perception that locked-up parties will sell their securities when the lock-ups
expire, could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our
shares are subject to the penny stock rules, making it more difficult to trade our shares. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized
for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If the price of our Common Stock is less than 5.00, our Common Stock will
be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules
require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment
of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and
dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in
the secondary market for our Common Stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

25 

Our
Common Stock and Our Shareholders May Be Subject to Significant Dilution 

If
all Convertible Notes were converted as of the date of this filing, shareholders
would undergo significant dilution to their holdings. Based on the latest trading price of our shares, the Company may be subject to issuing
up to 95,655,086,230 shares of common stock assuming full conversion of all the notes, which would require more than 100 of the total
authorized shares of common stock. See Convertible Notes in the MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION. 

Some
of the convertible notes are convertible at floating rates below the then-prevailing market price and, as a result, the lower the stock
price at the time the holder converts, the more common shares the holder gets. For these floating rate convertible notes, NOTE H 
CONVERTIBLE DEBT, NET discloses
the range of the discounts to the market price used to determine the conversion prices. For these floating rate convertible notes, there
may be no limit on how low the conversion price can be, which means that there may be no limit on the number of shares that the company
may be obligated to issue. 

To
the extent the noteholders convert these floating rate notes and then sell the common stock, the common stock price may decrease due
to the additional shares in the market. This could allow the noteholders to receive greater amounts of common stock, the sales of which
would further depress the stock price. 

The
interest payable on the convertible notes is also convertible into shares of common stock. Disclose that the lower the common stock price,
the more shares of common stock the holders of the convertible debentures will receive in payment of interest. NOTE H CONVERTIBLE
DEBT, NET discloses the range
of interest rates and how much has accrued as of a recent date. 

The
conversion of convertible notes may result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of common stock since noteholders
may ultimately convert and sell the full amount issuable on conversion. Even if the noteholders are prohibited from converting notes
if the shares would exceed a certain percentage of the company s then-outstanding common stock (such as 4.99 or 9.99 ), this restriction
does not prevent the noteholders from converting and selling some of their holdings and then converting again to receive additional shares.
In this way, the noteholders could sell more than these limits while never holding more than the limits. See Convertible Notes 
in the MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION. 

The
table below shows the number of shares that could be issued upon conversion of the notes (including principal and accrued interest) based
upon a reasonable range of market prices and conversion prices. The range includes market prices, 25 below, 50 below and 75 below
the most recent closing prices. 

Number
 of Shares Issuable with Convertible Notes for Principal and Interest 
 At and Below Market Price 
 
 Note
 Holder 
 100 
 0.0002 
 25 
 Below 0.00015 
 50 
 Below 0.0001 
 75 
 Below 0.00005 
 
 Richard
 Wynns #2 
 469,751,511 
 626,335,348 
 939,503,022 
 1,879,006,044 
 
 Richard Wynns
 #3 
 459,666,844 
 612,889,126 
 919,333,689 
 1,838,667,378 
 
 Westmount
 International Holdings 
 4,955,415,700 
 6,607,220,933 
 9,910,831,400 
 19,821,662,800 
 
 Barclay Lyons 
 551,283,400 
 735,044,533 
 1,102,566,800 
 2,205,133,600 
 
 Redwood Management 
 967,475,133 
 1,289,966,844 
 1,934,950,267 
 3,869,900,533 
 
 Blackbridge
 Capital #1 
 430,712,274 
 574,283,031 
 861,424,547 
 1,722,849,094 
 
 Blackbridge
 Capital #3 
 53,972,278 
 71,963,037 
 107,944,556 
 215,889,111 
 
 Premier IT
 Solutions 
 374,479,912 
 499,306,549 
 748,959,824 
 1,497,919,647 
 
 Kelburgh
 Ltd. 
 217,830,588 
 290,440,784 
 435,661,176 
 871,322,353 
 
 Raphael Cariou
 #2 
 104,981,166 
 139,974,888 
 209,962,332 
 419,924,665 
 
 Raphael Cariou
 #3 
 2,411,179,091 
 3,214,905,455 
 4,822,358,182 
 9,644,716,365 
 
 Raphael Cariou
 #4 
 2,709,041,437 
 3,612,055,249 
 5,418,082,874 
 10,836,165,747 
 
 AGS Capital
 Group- Note #1 
 1,163,882,000 
 1,551,842,667 
 2,327,764,000 
 4,655,528,000 
 
 AGS Capital
 Group- Note #2 
 1,521,270,286 
 2,028,360,381 
 3,042,540,571 
 6,085,081,143 
 
 Tangiers
 Investment Group #2 
 183,152,517 
 183,152,517 
 183,152,517 
 183,152,517 
 
 Tangiers
 Investment Group #3 
 27,771,683 
 27,771,683 
 27,771,683 
 27,771,683 
 
 Tangiers
 Investment Group #4 
 82,257,750 
 82,257,750 
 82,257,750 
 82,257,750 
 
 Tangiers
 Investment Group #5 
 1,289,589,400 
 1,719,452,533 
 2,579,178,800 
 5,158,357,600 
 
 Tangiers
 Investment Group #6 
 117,628,260 
 117,628,260 
 117,628,260 
 117,628,260 
 
 Tangiers
 Investment Group #7 
 116,132,740 
 116,132,740 
 116,132,740 
 116,132,740 
 
 Tangiers
 Investment Group #8 
 292,449,400 
 292,449,400 
 292,449,400 
 292,449,400 
 
 Zoom Marketing 
 492,864,157 
 657,152,209 
 985,728,314 
 1,971,456,627 
 
 LG Capital
 #1 
 625,877,133 
 834,502,844 
 1,251,754,267 
 2,503,508,533 
 
 LG Capital
 #2 
 469,409,733 
 625,879,644 
 938,819,467 
 1,877,638,933 
 
 LG Capital
 #3 
 417,932,667 
 557,243,556 
 835,865,333 
 1,671,730,667 
 
 Burrington
 Capital #2 
 481,006,944 
 641,342,593 
 962,013,889 
 1,924,027,778 
 
 Patrick Ferro 
 322,909,450 
 430,545,933 
 645,818,900 
 1,291,637,800 
 
 Dakota Capital 
 2,187,123,500 
 2,916,164,667 
 4,374,247,000 
 8,748,494,000 
 
 Barry Liben 
 264,000,000 
 352,000,000 
 528,000,000 
 1,056,000,000 
 
 Lloyd Spencer 
 352,458,150 
 352,458,150 
 352,458,150 
 352,458,150 
 
 Jared Robert 
 347,082,278 
 462,776,370 
 694,164,556 
 1,388,329,111 
 
 MacRab 
 173,048,050 
 224,065,333 
 336,098,000 
 672,196,000 
 
 BHP Capital
 NY 
 128,205,500 
 128,205,500 
 128,205,500 
 128,205,500 
 
 Quick
 Capital #1 
 128,205,500 
 128,205,500 
 128,205,500 
 128,205,500 
 
 Robert
 Papiri Defined Benefit Plan #1 
 51,265,750 
 51,265,750 
 51,265,750 
 51,265,750 
 
 Robert
 Papiri Defined Contribution Plan 
 12,816,450 
 12,816,450 
 12,816,450 
 12,816,450 
 
 RGP Capital
 Partners #1 
 12,816,450 
 12,816,450 
 12,816,450 
 12,816,450 
 
 RGP Capital
 Partners #2 
 127,342,500 
 127,342,500 
 127,342,500 
 127,342,500 
 
 RGP Capital
 Partners #3 
 75,443,850 
 75,443,850 
 75,443,850 
 75,443,850 
 
 Robert
 Papiri Defined Benefit Plan #2 
 50,000,000 
 50,000,000 
 50,000,000 
 50,000,000 
 
 Quick
 Capital #2 
 50,000,000 
 50,000,000 
 50,000,000 
 50,000,000 
 
 Total 
 25,269,731,432 
 33,090,326,410 
 48,731,516,365 
 95,655,086,230 

As
of the date of this filing, the Company has 19,172,538,816 shares of common stock outstanding. In the event the Company were
required to issue additional shares of common stock for the conversion of all outstanding convertible notes, the Company would have
a deficit of available shares of common stock to issue. As such, the Company may be required to increase the number of shares of
authorized common stock or implement a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock in order to have the required number of
shares to issue. Lloyd Spencer, the Company s sole officer and director, can increase
the number of authorized common or preferred shares to any amount even if other shareholders disagree since Mr. Spencer holds high-voting
securities (Series G Preferred Stock) and has voting control over any matter submitted for shareholder approval. Such increases in authorized
common or preferred shares and the issuance of a significant number of shares upon conversion and exercise of the convertible notes and
preferred stock and exercise of the warrants would have a negative impact on the price of the company s shares and significant dilutive
effects on company shareholders. 

Beginning
in 2021, the Company began working cooperatively with note holders to extinguish dilutive convertible notes, as well as working cooperatively
with note holders to amend dilutive convertible notes with fixed conversion features. The company continues to work cooperatively
with noteholders with the objective of extinguishing or renegotiating dilutive convertible notes, although we can offer no guarantee
that these negotiations will be successful. The Company does not anticipate that it will issue any additional convertible notes with
variable conversion features, but that it may issue additional convertible notes with fixed price conversion features in an effort to
extinguish the former. 

26 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and we are taking advantage
of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could
make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and are taking advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a registration statement under the Securities Act declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company, which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period, difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the closing of the Company s initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or
(c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common equity that is held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more
than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth
company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our shares
of common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not
equal or exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates
did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior December 31. 

Because
we subject the above listed reduced reporting requirements, investors may not be able to compare us to other companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

27 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
current office space is located at 13110 NE 177 th Place., Suite 145, Woodinville, WA 98072. As our operations grow, we anticipate
requiring additional space during the third quarter of 2022. We are currently entered into a month to month lease, but we believe will
be at our current office space for the foreseeable future. 

We
believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs and that, if required, we will be able to expand our current space or
locate suitable new office space and obtain a suitable replacement for our executive and administrative headquarters. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

During
the normal course of its business, the Company may be subject to occasional legal proceedings and claims. There are currently no legal
proceedings or claims asserted against the Company or its subsidiaries. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant s
Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Market Information 

The Common Stock of the Company is currently trading
on the OTC Markets PINK under the symbol COWI. The following information reflects the high and low closing
prices of the Company s common stock on the OTC Markets PINK. 

Quarterly period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

First Quarter 
 0.0005 
 0.0002 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0004 
 0.0002 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0007 
 0.0002 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0003 
 0.0002 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: 

First Quarter 
 0.0051 
 0.0001 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0023 
 0.0006 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0022 
 0.0005 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0010 
 0.0003 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, the approximate number of
stockholders of record of the Common Stock of the Company was 241. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common
stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Uses of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Except
as set forth below, during the period covered by this Annual Report, we have not sold any equity securities that were not registered
under the Securities Act that were not previously reported in a registration statement on Form 1 -A or S-1 or in a current report on Form 8-K. 

None 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

28 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

 AND
RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Please
read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with financial statements and notes
thereto, as well as the Risk Factors and Description of Business sections included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could
differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences
include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, particularly in Risk Factors . 

Overview 

CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. (f/k/a CoroWare, Inc.) CarbonMeta , the Company , we , us , or our is a publicly quoted
environmental research and development company that is commercializing technologies for processing organic wastes into hydrogen and high-value
carbon products economically and sustainably. 

The Company
 was incorporated on July 8, 2001, under the laws of the State of Delaware, as SRM Networks, Inc. In connection with
the acquisition of Hy-Tech Computer Systems, Inc. on January 31, 2003, the Company changed its name to Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc.
In connection with the Agreement and Plan of Merger Robotics Workspace Technology, Inc., Innova Holdings, Inc. and the Company s
wholly owned subsidiary, RWT Acquisition, Inc., dated July 21, 2004, the Company s name changed to Innova Holdings, Inc. Subsequently,
on November 20, 2006, the Company changed its name to Innova Robotics and Automation, Inc. and then on April 23, 2008, the Company changed
its name to CoroWare, Inc. On or about July 28, 2021, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation with the State of Delaware to reflect a name change from CoroWare, Inc. to CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. 

The Company was a reporting company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission until October 2016, when the Company s gross margins and financing costs became unsustainable. In
2020, the Company began investigating emerging technologies and sustainable growth business opportunities related to the production of
hydrogen and high value carbon products from organic waste streams. After careful consideration of the potential market opportunities
and the partnership with Oxford University, the Company took the decision to raise capital in the public market and therefore become
an SEC reporting company again. 

The Company has six wholly-owned subsidiaries: CoroWare Technologies, Inc. CTI ), CoroWare Robotics Solutions, Inc. CRS ), Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc. RWT ),
Carbon Source, Inc. CS ), CoroWare Treasury, Inc. CWT ), and CarbonMeta Research Ltd. CMR ).
The Company has two majority owned subsidiaries: a 50.1 interest in CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC (joint venture with Salvum
Corporation)( CMGBM and a 51 interest in AriCon, LLC AriCon ). 

CoroWare Technologies CTI was
incorporated in the State of Florida on May 16, 2006 and its principal business was a software professional services company with a strong
focus on information technology integration and robotics integration, business automation solutions, and unmanned systems solutions to
its customers in North America and Europe. 

CoroWare Robotics Solutions, Inc. CRS was incorporated in the State of Texas on February 27, 2015, and its principal business was as a technology incubation company whose
focus was on the delivery of mobile robotics and IOT products, solutions and services for university, government and corporate researchers,
and enterprise customers. CRS s business operations were discontinued in October 2016 when the Company s gross margins and
financing costs became unsustainable. 

Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc. RWT was incorporated in the State of Florida on July 1, 1994, and its principal business was developing and marketing open-architecture PC
controls and related products that could improve the performance, applicability, and productivity of robots and other automated equipment.
RWT s business operations were discontinued in September 2007 when the Company s losses became unsustainable. 

Carbon Source, Inc. CS was incorporated
in the State of Wyoming on June 14, 2021 and its principal business is waste reclamation technologies and processing. 

CoroWare Treasury, Inc. CWT was
incorporated in the State of Wyoming on July 6, 2021 and its principal business is acquisitions related to acquiring technologies and
subsidiary businesses related to waste processing. 

CarbonMeta Research Ltd. CMR was incorporated in England and Wales on August 12, 2021 and its principal business will focus on the development of technologies
and solutions for processing organic wastes and generating economically sustainable hydrogen and high-value carbon products. Using
proprietary and patented technologies, it plans to implement new industrial methods using inexpensive, environmentally friendly
catalysts that process collected plastic waste material into high value products such as hydrogen gas, graphene and carbon
nanotubes. 

CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC CMGBM is a joint
venture with Salvum Corporation organized on August 30, 2022 to develop and market construction mix products that are carbon negative
(see Production Agreement below). 

AriCon, LLC AriCon) was a joint venture
that was intended to develop mobile robot platforms, applications, and solutions for the construction industry. In October 2016, AriCon
ceased operations of all subsidiary business operations when the Company s losses became unsustainable, and the Company was not
able to obtain investment financing. 

In 2021, the Company began investigating emerging
technologies, strategic intellectual property partnerships, and sustainable growth business opportunities related to the production of
hydrogen and high value carbon products from organic waste streams. Working cooperatively with Oxford University Innovation, CarbonMeta
plans to implement proven and patented technologies to add value to organic waste streams. By utilizing these proven proprietary technologies,
collected and captured plastic waste material can be upcycled to high value products such as carbon nanotubes CNTs and
hydrogen gas. 

CNTs can be used for improved electrical conduction
and reinforcing materials that are used in a wide variety of industries including the automotive industry, aviation industry, medical
industry, and construction. The number one growth driver is the increasing need for high performance batteries for the electric vehicle
market. 

Plastic waste is a cheap and abundant feedstock that
will allow the Company to scale quickly and produce hydrogen gas for a competitive price. 

29 

License
Agreements 

Oxford
University Innovation Limited 

On
June 2, 2021, the Company (the Licensee entered into a License Agreement (the Agreement with Oxford University
Innovation Limited (the Licensor ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Licensee will license the licensed technology
(OUI Project- Hydrogen from plastics via microwave-initiated catalytic dehydrogenation). The Agreement is non-exclusive and includes
the United States and European Union. Signing fees for the Agreement were 54,807 and have been paid in full by the Company. The
Royalty Rate is 5 of gross sales. The Agreement comprises milestone fees as: (i) 20,000 upon the first commercial sale of a licensed
product; (ii) 50,000 upon generating 1,000,000 in sales; (iii) 10,000 upon the successful grant of the US patent; and
(iv) 10,000 upon the successful grant of the EU patent. Whether the company realizes product sales or not, the Company is subject
to a minimum payment to Oxford University Innovation of 5,000 per year for license years 1 and 2, 3,000 for license year
3 and 1,000 for license year 4 and each license year thereafter. 

The
process that the Company licensed from Licensor for producing hydrogen and carbon products from waste plastics has not been demonstrated
on a larger scale. It is not yet known whether the process will be cost-effective or profitable to implement on a larger scale. The Company
has conducted tests to prove the percentage of carbon nanotubes up to 10 grams. The Company is working with a microwave reactor company
to help demonstrate this process at a scale of 100 kilograms and 1,000 kilograms per day. 

The
Company has met the following milestones of its development plan set forth in the license agreement with Oxford University Innovation: 

September 2021: established
 subsidiary in Oxford, United Kingdom 

March 2022: produced 0.025
 kilograms per day of marketable carbon nanotubes 

Oxford
University Innovation may terminate the license due to the company not using commercially reasonable efforts to develop, exploit and
market the licensed technology in accordance with the development plan. 

From July 2022 to present (see Service Award below), CarbonMeta Technologies
has been working with University of Oxford on a project with a global multi-energy provider based in Europe to assess the feasibility
of processing mixed plastic waste into clean hydrogen fuel and value-added carbon products using microwave catalysis on a large commercial
scale. 

Ecomena
Limited 

On
December 2, 2021, the Company Licensee entered into a License of Agreement (the Agreement with Ecomena
Limited (an entity located in the United Kingdom) Licensor ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Licensee will license
the Licensed Technology to recycle industrial byproduct into cement free pavers and mortars that are environmentally friendly and continuously
absorb carbon dioxide. The signing fees payable to the Licensor under the Agreement are 20,000 cash (approximately 27,247 at
February 17, 2022) of which 10,000 has been paid by the Licensee, and 160,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
which was delivered to the Licensor on February 17, 2022. The royalty rate payable to the Licensor is 5 of product sales, subject to
a minimum of 5,000 per year for license years 1 and 2, 3,000 for license year 3 and 1,000 for license year 4 and
each license year thereafter. The term of the Agreement is five years from December 2, 2021 to December 2, 2026. The Licensee may terminate
the Agreement for any reason at any time provided it gives Licensor six (6) months written notice to terminate expiring after December
2, 2024. If requested by the Licensee, the Licensor shall agree to the Agreement continuing in force after December 2, 2026. As of the
date of this filing, the Agreement is still in effect. 

Production
Agreement 

On
January 11, 2022, the Company entered into an Interim Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement (the Agreement with Salvum Corporation. Under the terms of the Agreement, the parties agree to work together to develop both CarbonMeta s proprietary
cementless paver products known as Cementless Paver and Salvum s proprietary concrete alternative products known
as EarthCrete. During the Term, Salvum agrees to manufacture CarbonMeta s proprietary cementless paver products known
as Cementless Paver . CarbonMeta reserves the right to appoint other manufacturers of the products and/or to engage other
sales representatives for CarbonMeta s proprietary cementless paver products known as Cementless Paver outside the
United States of America. Although the Interim Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement with Salvum Corporation had
a term of 180 days and expired on July 11, 2022, the companies continued to work together, and the companies formed CarbonMeta Green
Building Materials, LLC CMGBM and signed an Operating Agreement for Management of CMGBM on August 28, 2022 that supersedes
the Interim Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement. 

The
Operating Agreement for Management of CMGBM (the CMGBM Agreement provides for (1) the allocation of 501 Managing Membership
units (50.1 to CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. COWI and 499 Managing Membership units (49.9 to Salvum Corporation,
(2) COWI capital contributions to CMGBM of (a) 250,000,000 shares of COWI common stock and (b) the assignment of the Ecomena Limited
license agreement, and (3) Salvum Corporation capital contributions to CMGBM of (a) existing EarthCrete customer list and sales pipeline,
and (b) license to use EarthCrete trademark worldwide. The CMGBM Agreement also provides that profits and losses (and distributions)
of CMGBM shall be allocated on the basis of each Managing Member s relative capital accounts and that a Managing Member may withdraw
from CMGBM upon not less than six months prior written notice to each non-withdrawing Managing Member. As of December 31, 2022, the above
capital contributions provided for in the CMGBM Agreement had not occurred and no significant operations of CMGBM had commenced. 

Service
Award 

On June 10, 2022, our subsidiary, CarbonMeta Research Ltd. CMR ),
was granted a Service Award (entitled Waste Plastic Catalysis Proof of Concept from a European global energy supplier.
The award provides for CMR to provide the customer with an initial prototype process for converting mixed waste plastic to hydrogen and
solid carbon and for the customer to pay CMR a total of 50,000 Euros in four installments as certain milestones are met. As of September
30, 2022, all of the milestones had been met by CMR and CMR had invoiced the customer the full 50,000 Euros 49,542), of which 40,103
was collected in the third quarter 2022 and 9,439 has been collected in the fourth quarter 2022. 

In October 2022, CMR was granted a second Service Award for 50,000 Euros
to provide the customer with further details on the composition of the carbon products resulting from the microwave catalysis of waste
plastics. In December 2022, CMR invoiced the customer for 20,000 Euros, which was collected in January 2023. The project is expected
to reach completion in June 2023. 

The
below discussions are as of the date stated (unless specifically noted otherwise) and should be read in conjunction with financial statements
and notes thereto for the applicable period referenced. These discussions may include information that has since changed and may not
be consistent with other sections of this Annual Report . 

30 

Results
of Operations: 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 versus December 31, 2021: 

31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-21 
 Change 
 
 Gross revenue 
 76,276 
 - 
 76,726 
 
 Operating expenses 
 803,501 
 428,502- 
 374,999 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (727,225 
 (428,502 
 298,723 
 
 Other Income (expense) 
 1,127,657 
 8,697,449 
 (7,569,792 
 
 Net Income 
 400,432 
 8,268,947 
 (7,868,515 
 
 Net income per share - basic and diluted 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues were 76,276 compared to revenues of - during the year ended December 31, 2021. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had two customers. The first is a European global energy industry for whom we are in a
technology assessment project to evaluate our microwave catalysis process for mixed waste plastics. The Company has a contractual agreement
with this customer for the technology assessment project. The second is a construction contractor with expertise in the deployment of
solar farm systems. The Company has a Interim Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement with this customer,
and the companies subsequently signed a Joint Venture Agreement on August 28, 2022 that supersedes the Interim Joint Product Development
and Sales Representation Agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had no customers . 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating expenses were 803,501 and 428,502, respectively. For the year ended December
31, 2022, operating expenses were largely attributable to legal and professional fees of 284,502, accrued executive compensation
of 150,000 and investor relation fees of 72,774. 

We
anticipate that our cost of revenues will increase in 2023 and for the foreseeable future as we continue to identify potential acquisitions,
joint ventures and licensing opportunities. 

We
incurred 20,193 and 0 in research and development expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
incurred 150,000 and 150,000 in compensation expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company anticipates
that it will need to expand its management team with future acquisitions or joint ventures. 

Loss
from Operations 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, loss from operations was 727,225 and 428,502, respectively. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other income (expenses) was 1,127,657 and 8,697,449, respectively. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, other income (expenses) were largely attributable to a gain on derivative liability of 2,247,918 offset by interest
expense of 1,113,261). 

Net
Income (Loss) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net income was 400,432 and 8,268,947, respectively. The decrease in net
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was largely attributable to a gain on derivative liability of 9,809,916 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating Activities 
 (299,197 
 (429,392 
 
 Investing Activities 
 - 
 (126,380 
 
 Financing Activities 
 281,556 
 566,345 
 
 Net increase in cash and restricted cash 
 (10,194 
 10,573 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash (used in) operating activities was 299,197) and 429,392),
respectively. The decrease in net cash (used in) operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022
was largely attributable to net income of 400,432, accounts payable and accrued expenses of 1,238,306, offset by a gain from derivative liabilities of 2,247,918). 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash (used in) investing activities was -
and 126,380), respectively. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 281,556 and 566,345,
respectively. The decrease in net cash provided from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022
was largely attributable to a decrease in net proceeds from the sale of common stock as compared to
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had current assets of 24,061, current liabilities of 24,810,798, a working capital deficit
of 24,786,687 and an accumulated deficit of 64,003,956. 

At
December 31, 2021, we had current assets of 40,573, current liabilities of 26,046,833, a working capital deficit of 26,006,260 and
an accumulated deficit of 64,404,388. 

Financing
Needs 

In
order to fund our operations, we rely upon direct investments with accredited investors, joint ventures, and customer revenues. Once
the Company becomes profitable, we intend to fund our operations from free cash flow. 

At
present, the Company only has sufficient funds to conduct its operations for three to six months. There can be no assurance that additional
financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. 

If
we are not successful in generating sufficient liquidity from Company operations or in raising sufficient capital resources, on terms
acceptable to us, this could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations liquidity and financial
condition. 

The
Company presently does not have any available credit, bank financing or other external sources of liquidity. Due to its brief history
and historical operating losses, the Company s operations have not been a source of liquidity. The Company will need to obtain
additional capital in order to expand operations and become profitable. In order to obtain capital, the Company may need to sell additional
shares of its common stock or borrow funds from private lenders. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining
additional funding. 

The
Company will need additional investments in order to continue operations. Additional investments are being sought, but the Company cannot
guarantee that it will be able to obtain such investments. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities,
obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. In the event there is a downturn in the U.S. stock and debt markets, this
could make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if the Company is able to raise
the funds required, it is possible that it could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect significant amounts owed to it,
or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force it to seek alternative financing. Further, if the Company issues additional
equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences
or privileges senior to those of existing holders. 

Satisfaction
of Outstanding Liabilities 

There
can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds
will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources to satisfy these outstanding liabilities.
The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources
would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on its business. 

31 

We
currently have no external sources of liquidity such as arrangements with credit institutions or off-balance sheet arrangements that
will have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or immediate access to capital. 

We
are dependent on the sale of our securities to fund our operations and will remain so until we generate sufficient revenues to pay for
our operating costs. Our officers and directors have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source of liquidity in the
form of cash advances, loans and/or financial guarantees. 

If
we are unable to raise the funds, we will seek alternative financing through means such as borrowings from institutions or private individuals.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the capital we need for our operations from the sale of our securities. We have
not located any sources for these funds and may not be able to do so in the future. We expect that we will seek additional financing
in the future. However, we may not be able to obtain additional capital or generate sufficient revenues to fund our operations. If we
are unsuccessful at raising sufficient funds, for whatever reason, to fund our operations, we may be forced to cease operations. If we
fail to raise funds, we expect that we will be required to seek protection from creditors under applicable bankruptcy laws. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and believes
that our ability is dependent on our ability to implement our business plan, raise capital and generate revenues. Please see NOTE
C - GOING CONCERN for further information. 

Convertible
Notes 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the Company had 2,160,034 and 1,987,425 in outstanding convertible debt, net, respectively. At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had 1,781,104 and 1,781,104 of outstanding default principal, respectively.
If all Convertible Notes were converted, shareholders would undergo significant dilution to their holdings. 

The
Company s legacy financing contains unfavorable terms that contributed to dilution and negatively impacted the Company s
market price, and therefore posed a challenge to attracting investment under more favorable. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company began the process of extinguishing or renegotiating the terms of this unfavorable legacy debt. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company began realizing revenues, and intends to grow its business with key customers directly and through
joint venture companies. As a result, the Company has been able to attract investments with third parties that are more favorable to
the company, thereby reducing potential dilution. 

Please
 see NOTE H CONVERTIBLE DEBT, NET for further information. 

Debt 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the Company had 15,157,952 and 14,142,762 in total debt, exclusive of derivative liabilities, respectively. Please see
 NOTES F, G, H, I, J and K for further information. 

32 

Required
Capital Over the Next Twelve Months 

We
expect to incur losses from operations for the near future. We believe we will have to raise an additional 2,500,000 to fund our operations
over the next twelve months, including roughly 50,000 to remain current in our filings with the SEC. The additional funds will be utilized
for hiring ancillary staff and key personnel, corporate website and SEO development, acquisition(s) in the waste and recycling management
sector and day-to-day operations. 

Future
financing may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. Even if
we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses or experience unexpected cash
requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, existing
holders of our securities may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of existing holders of our securities. 

If
additional financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be required to delay or alter our business plan
based on available financing. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

There
were various updates recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to
specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. See the Notes to the Financial Statements for more information. 

OTC
Bulletin Board Considerations 

As
discussed elsewhere in this registration statement, the Company s common stock is currently traded on the OTC Markets PINK 
under the symbol COWI. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide this information. 

33 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements 
 
 Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 to F-28 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for
the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis
of Matter Regarding Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements referred to above have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note C to the financial statements, the Company s present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note C. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Derivative
liability Refer to Note L to the consolidated financial statements 

As
described in Note L to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 included
a derivative liability relating to certain convertible debt and convertible preferred stock of 9,652,846. The determination of the
fair value of the derivative liability was calculated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and required management to make significant
estimates and assumptions and involved a high degree of subjectivity. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the derivative liability is a
critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgement by management when developing the valuations and (ii) a high degree of auditor
judgement, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures relating to the valuations. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included, among other things, evaluating the appropriateness of the assumptions used and the estimation
methodology applied in the valuations. 

/s/

Michael
 T. Studer CPA P.C. (PCAOB ID: 822) 

April 20, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

F- 2 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid consulting fees 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Licenses, net of accumulated amortization of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Obligations collateralized by receivables 

Convertible debt, net 

Notes payable 

Notes payable - related parties 

Small Business Administration loan 

Derivative liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series A, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series B, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series C, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series D, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series E, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series F, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series G, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series value 

Common stock; and shares authorized at par value, and shares issued, respectively; and shares outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock shares of common stock 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Contract services revenue 
 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Executive compensation 

Legal and professional fees 

Investor relations 

Consulting fees 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of license 

Depreciation of equipment 

Other operating expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss) 

Other income (expenses): 

Gain (loss) from derivative liability 

Interest expense 

Gain (loss) from debt settlement 

Consulting fees relating to the Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement dated July 19, 2021 with Y.A. Global Investments, LP (Note H) 
 - 

Total other income (expenses) - net 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax provision 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 

Net income per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net income 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive income 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Series
 B 
 Series
 D 
 Series
 E 
 Series
 F 
 Series
 G 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive
 Income 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated
 Other 

Series
 B 
 Series
 D 
 Series
 E 
 Series
 F 
 Series
 G 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive
 Income 
 Total 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

- 

Common stock issued for convertible
 debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Sale of common stock, net
 of stock issue costs of 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net income for year
 ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

- 

Common stock issued for license 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock and warrants
 issued in connection with convertible notes financings, net of placement agent fee of 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for accrued
 executive compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for accrued
 consulting fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Preferred stock adjustments 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 

Net income for year
 ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balances, December 31,
 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) for the period 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation of equipment 

Amortization of license 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) from debt settlement 

Loss (gain) from derivative liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid consulting fees 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

NET CASH (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of equipment 
 - 

Acquisition of license 
 - 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 - 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from obligations collateralized by receivables 
 - 
 - 
 
 Payments towards obligations collateralized by receivables 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible debt financings 

Payments towards convertible debt 
 - 

Proceeds from sales of common stock 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Payments towards notes payable 

Proceeds from related party loans 
 - 

Payments towards related party loans 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

EXCHANGE RATE EFFECT ON CASH 
 
 - 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 
 - 
 
 CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common Stock issued in satisfaction of accrued executive compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for accrued consulting fees 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for accrued consulting fees 
 
 - 
 
 Common Stock issued for license 
 
 - 
 
 Common Stock and Warrants issued in connection with convertible note financings 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued in satisfaction of convertible notes and accrued interest 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

interest in CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC (joint venture with Salvum Corporation)( CMGBM and a interest in AriCon, LLC AriCon ). 

CoroWare
Technologies, Inc. CTI was incorporated in the State of Florida on May 16, 2006, was administratively dissolved on November
19, 2016, and its principal business was a software professional services company with a strong focus on information technology integration
and robotics integration, business automation solutions, and unmanned systems solutions to its customers in North America and Europe. 

CoroWare
Robotics Solutions, Inc. CRS was incorporated in the State of Texas on February 27, 2015, and its principal business
was as a technology incubation company whose focus was on the delivery of mobile robotics and IOT products, solutions and services for
university, government and corporate researchers, and enterprise customers. CRS s business operations were discontinued in October
2016 when the Company s gross margins and financing costs became unsustainable. 

Robotic
Workspace Technologies, Inc. RWT was incorporated in the State of Florida on July 1, 1994, was administratively dissolved
on September 25, 2009, and its principal business was developing and marketing open-architecture PC controls and related products that
could improve the performance, applicability, and productivity of robots and other automated equipment. RWT s business operations
were discontinued in September 2007 when the Company s losses became unsustainable. 

Carbon
Source, Inc. CS was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on June 14, 2021 and its principal business is waste reclamation
technologies and processing. 

CoroWare
Treasury, Inc. CWT was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on July 8, 2021 and its principal business is acquisitions
related to acquiring technologies and subsidiary businesses related to waste processing. 

CarbonMeta
Research Ltd. CMR was incorporated in England and Wales on August 12, 2021 and its principal business is the development
of technologies and solutions for processing organic wastes and generating economically sustainable hydrogen and high-value carbon products.
Using proprietary and patented technologies, it plans to implement new industrial methods using inexpensive, environmentally friendly
catalysts that process collected plastic waste material into high value products such as hydrogen gas, graphene and carbon nanotubes. 

CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC CMGBM is a joint
venture with Salvum Corporation organized on August 30, 2022 to develop and market construction mix products that are carbon negative
(see Production Agreement below). 

AriCon,
LLC AriCon was a joint venture that was intended to develop mobile robot platforms, applications, and solutions for the construction
industry. In October 2016, AriCon ceased operations of all subsidiary business operations when the Company s losses became unsustainable,
and the Company was not able to obtain investment financing. 

In
2021, the Company began investigating emerging technologies, strategic intellectual property partnerships, and sustainable growth business
opportunities related to the production of hydrogen and high value carbon products from organic waste streams. Working cooperatively
with Oxford University Innovation, CarbonMeta plans to implement proven and patented technologies to add value to organic waste streams.
By utilizing these proven proprietary technologies, collected and captured plastic waste material can be upcycled to high value products
such as carbon nanotubes CNTs and hydrogen gas. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE A ORGANIZATION (continued) 

CNTs
can be used for improved electrical conduction and reinforcing materials that are used in a wide variety of industries including the
automotive industry, aviation industry, medical industry, and construction. The number one growth driver is the increasing need for high
performance batteries for the electric vehicle market. 

Plastic
waste is a cheap and abundant feedstock that will allow the Company to scale quickly and produce hydrogen gas for a competitive price. 

License
Agreements 

Oxford
University Innovation Limited 

On
June 2, 2021, the Company (the Licensee entered into a License Agreement (the Agreement with Oxford University
Innovation Limited (the Licensor ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Licensee will license the licensed technology
(OUI Project- Hydrogen from plastics via microwave-initiated catalytic dehydrogenation). The Agreement is non-exclusive and includes
the United States and European Union. Signing fees for the Agreement were and have been paid in full by the Company. The
Royalty Rate is of gross sales. The Agreement comprises milestone fees as: (i) upon the first commercial sale of a licensed
product; (ii) upon generating in sales; (iii) upon the successful grant of the US patent; and
(iv) upon the successful grant of the EU patent. Whether the company realizes product sales or not, the Company is subject
to a minimum payment to Oxford University Innovation of per year for license years 1 and 2, for license year
3 and for license year 4 and each license year thereafter. 

The
process that the Company licensed from Licensor for producing hydrogen and carbon products from waste plastics has not been demonstrated
on a larger scale. It is not yet known whether the process will be cost-effective or profitable to implement on a larger scale. The Company
has conducted tests to prove the percentage of carbon nanotubes up to 10 grams. The Company is working with a microwave reactor company
to help demonstrate this process at a scale of 100 kilograms and 1,000 kilograms per day. 

The
Company has met the following milestones of its development plan set forth in the license agreement with Oxford University Innovation: 

September 2021: established
 subsidiary in Oxford, United Kingdom 

March 2022: produced 0.025
 kilograms per day of marketable carbon nanotubes 

Oxford
University Innovation may terminate the license due to the company not using commercially reasonable efforts to develop, exploit and
market the licensed technology in accordance with the development plan. 

From
July 2022 to present (see Service Award below), CarbonMeta Technologies has been working with University of Oxford
on a project with a global multi-energy provider based in Europe to assess the feasibility of processing mixed plastic waste into
clean hydrogen fuel and value-added carbon products using microwave catalysis on a large commercial scale. 

Ecomena
Limited 

On
December 2, 2021, the Company Licensee entered into a License of Agreement (the Agreement with
Ecomena Limited (an entity located in the United Kingdom) Licensor ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Licensee
will license the Licensed Technology to recycle industrial byproduct into cement free pavers and mortars that are environmentally
friendly and continuously absorb carbon dioxide. The signing fees payable to the Licensor under the Agreement are 
cash (approximately 
at February 17, 2022), of which has been paid by the Licensee, and 
shares of the Company s common stock, which was delivered to the Licensor on February 17, 2022. The royalty rate payable to
the Licensor is of product
sales, subject to a minimum of 
per year for license years 1 and 2, 
for license year 3 and 
for license year 4 and each license year thereafter. The term of the Agreement is five years from December 2, 2021 to December 2,
2026. The Licensee may terminate the Agreement for any reason at any time provided it gives Licensor six (6) months written notice
to terminate expiring after December 2, 2024. If requested by the Licensee, the Licensor shall agree to the Agreement continuing in
force after December 2, 2026. As of the date of this filing, the Agreement is still in effect. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE A ORGANIZATION (continued) 

Production
Agreement 

On
January 11, 2022, the Company entered into an Interim Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement (the Agreement with Salvum Corporation. Under the terms of the Agreement, the parties agree to work together to develop both CarbonMeta s proprietary
cementless paver products known as Cementless Paver and Salvum s proprietary concrete alternative products known
as EarthCrete. During the Term, Salvum agrees to manufacture CarbonMeta s proprietary cementless paver products known
as Cementless Paver . CarbonMeta reserves the right to appoint other manufacturers of the products and/or to engage other
sales representatives for CarbonMeta s proprietary cementless paver products known as Cementless Paver outside the
United States of America. Although the Interim Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement with Salvum Corporation had
a term of 180 days and expired on July 11, 2022, the companies continued to work together, and the companies formed CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC CMGBM and
signed an Operating Agreement for Management of CMGBM
on August 28, 2022 that supersedes the Interim Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement. 

(2) COWI capital contributions to CMGBM of
(a) shares of COWI common stock and (b) the assignment of the Ecomena Limited license agreement, and (3) Salvum Corporation
capital contributions to CMGBM of (a) existing EarthCrete customer list and sales pipeline, and (b) license to use EarthCrete trademark
worldwide. The CMGBM Agreement also provides that profits and losses (and distributions) of CMGBM shall be allocated on the basis of
each Managing Member s relative capital accounts and that a Managing Member may withdraw from CMGBM upon not less than six months
prior written notice to each non-withdrawing Managing Member. As of December 31, 2022, the above capital contributions provided for in
the CMGBM Agreement had not occurred and no significant operations of CMGBM had commenced. 

Service
Award 

On
June 10, 2022, our subsidiary, CarbonMeta Research Ltd. CMR ), was granted a Service Award (entitled Waste Plastic
Catalysis Proof of Concept from a business company located in Spain. The award provided for CMR to provide the customer
with an initial prototype process for converting mixed waste plastic to hydrogen and solid carbon and for the customer to pay CMR a total of
 Euros in four installments as certain milestones are met. As of December 31, 2022, all of the milestones had been met by CMR
and CMR had invoiced the customer the full Euros ), of which was collected in the third quarter 2022 and was collected in the fourth quarter 2022. 

In October 2022, CMR was granted a second Service Award for Euros
to provide the customer with further details on the composition of the carbon products resulting from the microwave catalysis of waste
plastics. In December 2022, CMR invoiced the customer for Euros, which was collected in January 2023. The project is expected
to reach completion in June 2023. 

In
order to further grow its business, the Company plans to: 

Develop and patent new
 microwave catalysis processes that can yield high value hydrogen and carbon products; 

Work closely with commercial
 building and solar farm general contractors that want to purchase carbon negative construction materials that can generate
 carbon credits; 

Acquire or develop patents
 that will help the Company generate royalty revenues with potential customers and partners, and protect the Company s competitive
 position against potential competitors; 

Develop new proprietary
 and patented technologies to implement new industrial methods that can use inexpensive, environmentally friendly catalysts to process
 collected plastic waste material into high value products such as hydrogen gas, graphene and carbon nanotubes; 

seek out government programs
 in the United Kingdom, European Union and United States that encourage the development of high value production of hydrogen and high
 value carbon products from organic waste streams; and 

Attract investment funds
 who will actively work with the Company to achieve these goals and help the Company grow rapidly during the next 3 years. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE A ORGANIZATION (continued) 

Some
potential joint venture candidates have been identified and discussions initiated. These candidates are within the Company s
core business model, serving commercial properties, accretive to cash flow, and geographically favorable. One of these joint
ventures, CarbonMeta Green Building Materials LLC will be focused on the development at marketing of construction mix products that
are carbon negative. Two other joint ventures under discussion are focused on processing waste plastics into hydrogen and high value
carbon products. We plan to fund these joint ventures with customer purchase orders and invoice payments, federal loans, federal
grants, and commercial loans. 

We
have unrestricted discretion in seeking and participating in a business opportunity, subject to the availability of such opportunities,
economic conditions, and other factors. 

The
selection of a business opportunity in which to participate is complex and risky. Additionally, we have only limited resources and may
find it difficult to locate good opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire any business opportunity
which will ultimately prove to be beneficial to us and our shareholders. We will select any potential business opportunity based on our
management s best business judgment. 

Our
activities are subject to several significant risks, which arise primarily as a result of the fact that we have no specific business
and may acquire or participate in a business opportunity based on the decision of management, which potentially could act without the
consent, vote, or approval of our shareholders. The risks faced by us are further increased as a result of our lack of resources and
our inability to provide a prospective business opportunity with significant capital. 

Principal
Products or Services and Markets 

The
Company is in the business of developing and marketing technologies and solutions that can process organic and construction wastes into
economically high-value and ecologically sustainable products. 

The
Company is partnering with a microwave reactor manufacturer in the United States to scale up the patented waste plastics
microwave processes that the Company licensed from Oxford University Innovation, and with a university partner in the United States to
separate, purify and characterize carbon nanotubes that the UK and US developers shall produce. 

The
principal products that the Company intends to market comprise: 

amorphous carbon, graphite,
 nano-graphite, graphene, carbon nanotubes, and hydrogen; and 

carbon-negative building
 products that help alleviate climate change by capturing carbon dioxide (CO2) for renewable energy projects. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

at December 31, 2022), the revenues and expenses of
CMR are translated at the GBP average exchange rates during the period for the year ended December 31, 2022), and
stockholders equity (deficit) of CMR is translated at the historical exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments are
included in determining other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses, which were not significant for the periods presented,
are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. At times throughout the year, the Company might maintain
bank balances that may exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured limits. Periodically, the Company evaluates
the credit worthiness of the financial institutions and has not experienced any losses in such accounts. As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, the Company did not have bank balances that exceeded the FDIC insured limits. 

years 
 
 Filament production equipment 
 years 

-year estimated life of the
license. For the Ecomena license, amortization is calculated using the straight-line method over the -year term of the license. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
B SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

main segment. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
B SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related
party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless such representations
can be substantiated. 

It
is not, however, practical to determine the fair value of advances from stockholders, if any, due to their related party nature. 

- 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total Carrying Value 

Derivative liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
B SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

and
 0 , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

dividend, payable in either cash or common stock
of the Company. The Board of Directors has sole discretion to declare dividends based on the Company s financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements, contractual obligations and other relevant factors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were cumulative undeclared dividends to Preferred Series B shareholders of and , respectively, the obligation
for which is contingent on declaration by the board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were accrued unpaid
declared dividends of and , respectively (which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses). 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The Company has accumulated deficits of 
 and as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Company is in default of substantially all of its debt and other obligations
(see Notes F, H, I and K). Because of these and other factors, the Company will require additional working capital to develop its business
operations. The Company intends to raise additional working capital through the use of private placements, public offerings and/or bank
financing. 

There
are no assurances that the Company will be able to either (1) achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from
operations; or (2) obtain additional financing through either private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to
support the Company s working capital requirements. To the extent that funds generated from operations, any private placements,
public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient, the Company will have to raise additional working capital. No assurance can
be given that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on terms acceptable to the Company. 

These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Filament production equipment 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
of equipment expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

License acquired from Ecomena Limited effective February 17, 2022 (see Note A) 
 
 - 
 
 Subtotal 

Accumulated amortization 

License, net 

Amortization
of licenses expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accrued interest 

Accrued CEO compensation 

Accrued CarbonMeta Research, Ltd. Board of Directors fees 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued payroll 

Deferred compensation to Chief Technology Officer of Company subsidiary, CoroWare Technologies, Inc. 

Payroll taxes payable 

Commissions payable 

Accrued consulting fees relating to the Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement dated July 19, 2021 with Y.A. Global Investments, LP (Note H) 

Accrued dividends on Series B Preferred Stock 

License fee payable to Ecomena Limited 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total 

The
accounts payable of at December 31, 2022, which substantially all relate to year 2016 and prior, are liabilities of: 

CoroWare Technologies, Inc. 

CoroWare Robotics Solutions, Inc. 

Carbon Source, Inc. 

AriCon, LLC 

Total 

The
payroll taxes payable of and commissions payable of at December 31, 2022, which also substantially all relate to
year 2016 and prior, are all liabilities of CoroWare Technologies, Inc. On October 28, 2021, the Company CEO submitted an Offer in Compromise
with the Internal Revenue Service to satisfy the trust fund portion (approximately of the liability for and paid
 to the Internal Revenue Service with the offer. To date, the Internal Revenue Service has not yet accepted or declined this
Offer in Compromise. 

Power Up January 8, 2016 arrangement 

Power Up April 12, 2016 arrangement 

Power Up April 28, 2016 arrangement 

Power Up June 2, 2016 arrangement 

Total 

The
financing arrangements relating to the above liabilities were entered into between CoroWare Technologies, Inc. CTI ), a
subsidiary of the Company, and lenders in 2015 and 2016. The agreements provided for financing plus debt discounts for CTI to repay to
the lenders. The terms of repayment require CTI to remit to the lenders certain percentages of future receivables collections until such
time as the balances are paid in full. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(1 

Tangiers Investment Group,
 LLC loan date March 9, 2013 and due date of March 9, 2014, in technical default 

(2 
 - 
 - 

Tangiers Investment Group,
 LLC loan date March 27, 2014 and due date of March 27, 2015, in technical default 

(2 

Tangiers Investment Group,
 LLC due on demand 

Tangiers Investment Group,
 LLC loan date October 11, 2016 and due date of October 20, 2017, in technical default 

Tangiers Investment Group,
 LLC loan date January 30, 2017 and due date of January 30, 2018, in technical default 

Tangiers Investment Group,
 LLC loan date July 19, 2021 and due date of July 19, 2022 

Tangiers Investment Group,
 LLC loan date September 8, 2021 and due date of September 8, 2022 

Tangiers Investment Group,
 LLC loan date March 21, 2022 and due date of March 21, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Lloyd T. Spencer (the Company s
 sole officer and director) loan date March 7, 2022 and due date of March 7, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Dakota Capital Pty, Ltd 
 loan date April 8, 2014 and due date of December 31, 2014, in technical default 

(3 

Zoom Marketing loan
 date August 23, 2013 and due date of January 23, 2014, in technical default 

(8 

Burrington Capital,
 LLC loan date April 2, 2014 and due date of October 1, 2014, in technical default 

(12 

Patrick Ferro loan
 date April 3, 2014 and due date of December 31, 2014, in technical default 

(13 

Barry Liben loan date
 April 3, 2014 and due date of December 31, 2014, in technical default 

(13 

- 
 - 
 
 Jared Robert loan
 date December 10, 2014 and due date of June 10, 2015, in technical default 

(12 

Raphael Cariou loan
 date August 3, 2012 and due date of February 3, 2013, in technical default 

(4 

Raphael Cariou loan
 date March 12, 2015 and due date of September 12, 2015, in technical default 

(4 

Raphael Cariou - loan date
 March 12, 2015 and due date of September 12, 2015, in technical default 

(4 

Redwood Management, LLC 
 loan date of March 21, 2011 and due date of March 18, 2013, in technical default 

(1 

AGS Capital Group, LLC 
 loan date of February 25, 2013 and due date of February 25, 2014, in technical default 

(9 

AGS Capital Group, LLC 
 loan date of February 25, 2013 and due date of February 25, 2014, in technical default 

(9 

Tim Burgess loan date
 of July 8, 2003 and due date of January 8, 2004, in technical default 

Azriel Nagar loan
 date of July 8, 2003 and due date of January 8, 2004, in technical default 

Kelburgh, Ltd loan
 date of February 12, 2012 and due date of March 22, 2012, in technical default 

(8 

Premier IT Solutions 
 loan date of October 5, 2011 and due date of March 5, 2012, in technical default 

(7 

LG Capital Funding, LLC 
 loan date of March 11, 2014 and due date of March 11, 2015, in technical default 

(11 

LG Capital Funding, LLC 
 loan date of January 7, 2015 and due date of January 7, 2016, in technical default 

(11 

LG Capital Funding, LLC 
 loan date of March 11, 2014 and due date of March 11, 2015, in technical default 

(11 

Barclay Lyons loan
 date of January 28, 2011 and due date of July 28, 2011 in technical default 

(6 

Blackridge Capital, LLC 
 loan date of April 2, 2011 and due date of July 28, 2011 in technical default 

(7 

Blackridge Capital, LLC 
 loan date of February 21, 2014 and due date of September 21, 2014 in technical default 

(10 

Julian Herskowitz 
 loan date of July 8, 2003 and due date of January 8, 2004 in technical default 

(15 
 - 
 - 

Patrick Tuohy loan
 date of April 1, 2014 and due date of December 31, 2014 in technical default 

(12 
 - 
 - 

Richard Wynns loan
 date July 22, 2005 and due date of December 31, 2006, in technical default 

Richard
 Wynns - loan date July 26, 2010 and due date of December 31, 2011, in technical default 

(5 

MacRab
 LLC loan date May 10, 2022 and due date of May 10, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 BHP Capital NY Inc. - loan date
 July 14, 2022 and due date of July 14, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Quick Capital LLC - loan date July
 14, 2022 and due date of July 14, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Quick Capital LLC - loan date November 1, 2022 and due date of November
1, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan
 - loan date July 15, 2022 and due date of July 15, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan - loan date November 16, 2022 and due
date of November 16, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan - loan date December 11, 2022 and due date of December 11, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Robert Papiri Defined Contribution
 Plan - loan date July 15, 2022 and due date of July 15, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 RPG Capital Partners, Inc - loan
 date July 15, 2022 and due date of July 15, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 RPG Capital Partners, Inc - loan
 date August 4, 2022 and due date of August 4, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 RPG Capital Partners, Inc - loan
 date September 12, 2022 and due date of September 12, 2023 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Less
 debt discounts 

- 
 - 
 
 Net 

(1) 

(2) 
 . 
 
 (3) 

(4) 

(5) 
 . 
 
 (6) 
 . 
 
 (7) 

(8) 
 . 
 
 (9) 

(10) 

(11) 

(12) 
 . 
 
 (13) 

(15) 

On
July 19, 2021, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with Y.A. Global Investments, LP YA Global ). Pursuant to
the Settlement Agreement, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock to YA Global from September 24, 2021
to October 13, 2021 (see Note N) in full settlement of its then principal plus accrued interest) liability
to YA Global. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
H CONVERTIBLE DEBT, NET (continued) 

In
the Company s evaluation of each convertible debt instrument in accordance with FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , based
on the variable conversion price, it was determined that the conversion features were not afforded the exemption as a conventional convertible
instrument and did not otherwise meet the conditions for equity classification. As such, the conversion and other features were compounded
into one instrument, bifurcated from the debt instrument and carried as a derivative liability, at fair value (Please see NOTE
L DERIVATIVE LIABILITY for further information). As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, debt discounts related to
convertible notes payable totaled and , respectively. 

Gary Sumner note, interest at compounded (default simple interest at ), due 

LTC International Corp note, interest at (default interest at ), due 

Richard Wynns note, interest at compounded (default compounded interest at ), due 

William Rittman note, interest at compounded, due 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Barclay Lyons note, interest at (default interest at ), due 

John Kroon note, interest at compounded (default compounded interest at ), due 

Walter Jay Bell note, interest at , due 

Walter Jay Bell note, interest at , due 

George Ferch note, interest at (default compounded interest at ), due 

Blackridge, LLC note, interest at (default interest at ), due 

Michael Sobeck note, interest at , due 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

(i) 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively, in related party notes payable.
These notes bear simple interest at rates ranging from to per annum, with default simple interest at rates ranging from to
 per annum. Accrued interest on related party notes payable totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

under a note agreement with the Small Business Administration. The note bears interest
at and is secured by the equipment and machinery assets of the Company. The balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 and , respectively. The note calls for monthly installments of principal and interest of beginning September
17, 2002 and continuing until April 17, 2032. 

The
Company and the Small Business Administration reached an agreement in November 2010, whereby the Small Business Administration would
accept per month for 12 months with payment reverting back to in November 2011. The Company only made four payments under
the modification agreement. The Company continues to carry the loan as a current term liability because current payments are not being
made, resulting in a default. Accrued interest payable on the note totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
L DERIVATIVE LIABILITY (continued) 

ASC
815 requires Company management to assess the fair market value of certain derivatives at each reporting period and recognize any change
in the fair market value as items of other income or expense. The Company s only asset or liability measured at fair value on a
recurring basis is its derivative liability associated with convertible notes payable and preferred stock. 

Expected options life 
 - yrs 
 - yrs 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected price volatility 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
derivative liability decreased from at December 31, 2021 to at December 31, 2022, and the Company recognized a
gain from derivative liability of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s derivative liability decreased
from at December 31, 2020 to at December 31, 2021, and the Company recognized a gain from derivative liability
of . 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock (i) pays a dividend of ,
payable at the discretion of the Company in cash or common stock, (ii) is convertible immediately after issuance into the Company s
common stock at the lesser of per share or , (iii) has a liquidation preference of per share, (iv) may be redeemed by the Company at any time up to after the issuance date for per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, and (v) has no voting rights except as provided
by Delaware law. 

There
were no issuances, conversions or redemptions of Series A Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

b)
Series B Preferred Stock 

The
Company has authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock (i) pays a dividend of ,
payable at the discretion of the Company in cash or common stock, (ii) is convertible immediately after issuance into the Company s
common stock at the lesser of per share or , (iii) has a liquidation preference of per share, (iv) may be redeemed by the Company at any time up to after the issuance date for per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, and (v) has no voting rights except as provided
by Delaware law. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
M PREFERRED STOCK (continued) 

There were no issuances, conversions or redemptions
of Series B Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had and shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Based
upon the Company s evaluation of the terms and conditions of the Series B Preferred Stock, the embedded conversion feature related
to the Series B Preferred Stock was afforded the exemption as a conventional convertible instrument due to certain variabilities in the
conversion price and met the conditions for equity classification. However, the Company is required to bifurcate the embedded conversion
feature and carry it as a derivative liability. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the compound
derivative using a common stock equivalent and the current share price of the Company s common stock. As a result of this estimate,
the Company s valuation model resulted in a compound derivative balance associated with the Series B Preferred Stock of 
and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included as a derivative liability on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet. Fair value adjustments of and were credited (charged) to derivative income (expense) for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

c)
Series C Preferred Stock 

The
Company has authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock. During 2007, the Company initiated a private offering under Regulation
D of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Private Offering ), of an aggregate units (collectively referred to as the
 Units at a price of per Unit, with each Unit consisting of one share of Series C Preferred Stock convertible at
 ,
or per share and stock purchase warrants equal to the number of shares of common stock converted from the Series C Preferred Stock,
exercisable at per share and which expire from the conversion date. 

There were no issuances, conversions or redemptions
of Series C Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and shares
of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

d)
Series D Preferred Stock 

On
November 10, 2011, the Board approved by unanimous written consent an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to
designate the rights and preferences of Series D Preferred Stock. There are shares of Series D Preferred Stock authorized with
a par value of . Each share of Series D Preferred Stock has a stated value equal to . These preferred shares rank higher than
all other securities. Each outstanding share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be convertible into the number of shares of the Company s
common stock determined by dividing the stated value by the conversion price which is defined as . Mandatory conversion can be demanded by the Company prior to October 1, 2013. 

There were no issuances, conversions or redemptions
of Series D Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and 
shares of Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
M PREFERRED STOCK (continued) 

Based
upon the Company s evaluation of the terms and conditions of the Series D Preferred Stock, the embedded conversion feature related
to the Series D Preferred Stock was afforded the exemption as a conventional convertible instrument due to certain variabilities in the
conversion price and met the conditions for equity classification. However, the Company is required to bifurcate the embedded conversion
feature and carry it as a derivative liability. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the
compound derivative using a common stock equivalent and the current share price of the Company s common stock. As a result of
this estimate, the Company s valuation model resulted in a compound derivative balance associated with the Series D Preferred
Stock of and
 as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included as a derivative liability on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet. Fair value adjustments of 
and 
were credited (charged) to derivative income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

e)
Series E Preferred Stock 

On
March 9, 2012, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation of the Rights and Preferences of Series E Preferred Stock of the Company
with the Delaware Secretary of the State pursuant to which the Company set forth the designation, powers, rights, privileges, preferences
and restrictions of authorized shares of Series E Preferred Stock, par value per share. . 

There were no issuances, conversions or redemptions
of Series E Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and 
shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Based
upon the Company s evaluation of the terms and conditions of the Series E Preferred Stock, the embedded conversion feature related
to the Series E Preferred Stock was afforded the exemption as a conventional convertible instrument due to certain variabilities in the
conversion price and met the conditions for equity classification. However, the Company is required to bifurcate the embedded conversion
feature and carry it as a derivative liability. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the compound
derivative using a common stock equivalent and the current share price of the Company s common stock. As a result of this estimate,
the Company s valuation model resulted in a compound derivative balance associated with the Series E Preferred Stock of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included as a derivative liability on the Company s consolidated
balance sheet. Fair value adjustments of 
and 
were credited (charged) to derivative income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

f)
Series F Preferred Stock 

On
October 4, 2013, the Company filed the certificate of designation pursuant to which the Company set forth the designation, powers, rights,
privileges, preferences and restrictions of authorized shares of Series F Preferred Stock, par value per share. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
M PREFERRED STOCK (continued) 

The
shares of Series F Preferred Stock have a stated value of , have no voting rights, are entitled to no dividends due or payable and
are convertible into the number of shares of the Company s common stock determined by dividing the stated value by the conversion
price, which is defined as . Redemption shall be established
by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion and no holder of Series F Preferred Stock may demand that the Series F Preferred Stock
be redeemed. 

There were no issuances, conversions or redemptions
of Series F Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 
and shares of Series F Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Based
upon the Company s evaluation of the terms and conditions of the Series F Preferred Stock, the embedded conversion feature related
to the Series F Preferred Stock was afforded the exemption as a conventional convertible instrument due to certain variabilities in the
conversion price and met the conditions for equity classification. However, the Company is required to bifurcate the embedded conversion
feature and carry it as a derivative liability 

The Company estimated the fair value of the compound
derivative using a common stock equivalent and the current share price of the Company s common stock. As a result of this estimate,
the Company s valuation model resulted in a compound derivative balance associated with the Series F Preferred Stock of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included as a derivative liability on the Company s consolidated
balance sheet. Fair value adjustments of 
and 
were credited (charged) to derivative income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

g)
Series G Preferred Stock 

On
April 17, 2014, the Company filed the certificate of designation pursuant to which the Company set forth the designation, powers, rights,
privileges, preferences and restrictions of authorized shares of Series G Preferred Stock, par value per share. 

The
shares of Series G Preferred Stock have a stated value of , have , which is defined as . 

There were no issuances, conversions or redemptions
of Series G Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and
 shares of Series G Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Based
upon the Company s evaluation of the terms and conditions of the Series G Preferred Stock, the embedded conversion feature related
to the Series G Preferred Stock was afforded the exemption as a conventional convertible instrument due to certain variabilities in the
conversion price and met the conditions for equity classification. However, the Company is required to bifurcate the embedded conversion
feature and carry it as a derivative liability. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
M PREFERRED STOCK (continued) 

The Company estimated the fair value of the compound
derivative using a common stock equivalent and the current share price of the Company s common stock. As a result of this estimate,
the Company s valuation model resulted in a compound derivative balance associated with the Series G Preferred Stock of 
and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included as a derivative liability on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet. Fair value adjustments of and were credited (charged) to derivative income (expense) for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of par value common stock, of which and shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Issuances
during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

On
January 21, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant for accrued consulting fees in connection with
negotiating and arranging for the entry by the Company into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement with Y.A. Global Investments, LP
dated July 19, 2021. 

On
January 21, 2022, the Company issued its sole officer and director, Lloyd Spencer, shares of common stock for past due compensation
in the amount of . 

On
February 14, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to Salvum Corporation as per the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding to an Interim Joint Product
Development and Sales Representation Agreement dated January 11, 2022 (see Note A, Production Agreement). 

On
February 14, 2022, the Company issued its sole officer and director, Lloyd Spencer, shares of common stock as compensation
for serving on the Board of Directors of CarbonMeta Research Ltd. 

On
February 14, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares shares each) of common stock to three other individuals
as compensation for serving on the Board of Directors of CarbonMeta Research Ltd. 

On
February 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Ecomena Limited (an entity located in the United Kingdom)
pursuant to a License of Agr eement dated December 2,
2021 between Ecomena Limited and CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. (see Note A, License Agreements). 

On
March 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Lloyd Spencer in connection with a convertible note
financing. 

On
March 21, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Tangiers Investment Group, LLC in connection with a 
convertible note financing. 

On
April 4, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Bill Elder, a third-party contractor, as compensation for
his business development services. 

On
May 10, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to MacRab, LLC in connection with a convertible note financing. 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to BHP Capital NY, Inc. in connection with a convertible
note financing. 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Quick Capital, LLC in connection with a convertible
note financing. 

On
August 4, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to RPG Capital Partners, Inc. in connection with a convertible
note financing. 

On
September 12, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to RPG Capital Partners, Inc. in connection with a 
convertible note financing. 

On
November 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to RPG Capital Partners, Inc. in connection with a convertible
note financing. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to the Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan in connection with
a convertible note financing. 

Issuances
during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

On
March 9, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to its sole officer and director, Lloyd Spencer, as compensation
for accrued wages of for fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a noteholder (Tangiers Investment Group, LLC) in satisfaction
of principal and interest. 

On
June 4, 2021, the Company s sole officer and director, Lloyd Spencer, returned shares of common stock previously
issued to Mr. Spencer on March 9, 2021 (see second preceding paragraph) for accrued compensation so that the shares may be used for future
business transactions. 

On
August 10, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a noteholder (Y.A. Global Investments, LP) in satisfaction
of principal against a convertible note. 

On
September 14, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a noteholder (Tangiers Investment Group, LLC) in satisfaction
of principal against a convertible note. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE N COMMON STOCK AND TREASURY STOCK (continued) 

On
September 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a noteholder (YA Global Investments, LP) in satisfaction
of principal against a convertible note. 

On
September 27, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a noteholder (YA Global Investments, LP) in satisfaction
of principal against a convertible note. 

On
October 7, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a noteholder (YA Global Investments, LP) in satisfaction of
 principal against a convertible note. 

On
October 13, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a noteholder (YA Global Investments, LP) in satisfaction of
 principal against a convertible note. 

On
October 21, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to an investor for shares purchased through the Company s
Regulation 1-A offering at per share. 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to an investor for shares purchased through the Company s
Regulation 1-A offering at per share. 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to an investor for shares purchased through the Company s
Regulation 1-A offering at per share. 

On
November 4, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to an investor for shares purchased through the Company s
Regulation 1-A offering at per share. 

On
November 10, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to an investor for shares purchased through the Company s
Regulation 1-A offering at per share. 

On
November 12, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to an investor for shares purchased through the Company s
Regulation 1-A offering at per share. 

Treasury
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held shares of common stock in treasury. 

warrants/options to the persons and upon the terms below: 

Tangiers Investment Group, LLC (ii) 

J.H. Darbie Co., Inc. (iii) 

MacRab LLC (iv) 

MacRab LLC (v) 

BHP Capital NY Inc. (vi) 

Quick Capital LLC (vii) 

Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan (viii) 

Robert Papiri Defined Contribution Plan(ix) 

RPG Capital Partners Inc. (x) 

RPG Capital Partners Inc. (xi) 

RPG Capital Partners Inc. (xii) 

Total 

(i) 
 .
 The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest at annually. The Note is convertible,
 in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder at the Fixed Conversion Price
 of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to the lower of per annum or
 the highest rate permitted by law. The transaction closed on March 7, 2022. In connection with this note, the Holder was issued warrants
 to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at per share. 

(ii) 
 . The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of March 21, 2023) and bears interest at annually.
 The Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder at the
 Fixed Conversion Price of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to the lower
 of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. The transaction closed on March 21, 2022. In connection with this note, the
 Holder was issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at per share. 

(iii) 
 shares of the Company s common stock at
 per share. 

(iv) 
 of the Company s common stock.
 Under the terms of the Agreement, the Purchase Price of the Company s common stock shall be of the Market Price on the
 date the Purchase Price is calculated. The Market Price shall mean the average of the two lowest volume weighted average prices of
 the Company s common stock during the Valuation Period. The transaction closed on April 14, 2022. In connection with this note,
 the Holder was issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at per share. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
O STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS (continued) 

(v) 
 .
 The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest at annually. The Note is convertible,
 in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder at the Fixed Conversion Price
 of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to the lower of per annum or
 the highest rate permitted by law. The transaction closed on May 10, 2022. In connection with this Note, the Holder was issued five-year 
 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and shares of common
 stock as commitment shares. 

(vi) 
 . The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest at annually. The Note
 is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder at the Fixed Conversion
 Price of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to the lower of per annum
 or the highest rate permitted by law. In connection with this note, the Holder was issued five-year warrants to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. In addition, the Holder and the Company entered
 into a Registration Rights Agreement RRA whereby the Company agreed to register shares of its common
 stock within 30 days of entry into the RRA for the benefit of the Holder. 

(vii) 
 . The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest at annually. The Note
 is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder at the Fixed Conversion
 Price of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to the lower of per annum
 or the highest rate permitted by law. In connection with this note, the Holder was issued five-year warrants to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. In addition, the Holder and the Company entered
 into a Registration Rights Agreement RRA whereby the Company agreed to register shares of its common
 stock within 30 days of entry into the RRA for the benefit of the Holder. 

(viii) 
 . The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest at 
 annually. The Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder
 at the Fixed Conversion Price of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to
 the lower of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. In connection with this note, the Holder was issued five-year warrants
 to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. In addition, the Holder
 and the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement RRA whereby the Company agreed to register 
 shares of its common stock within 30 days of entry into the RRA for the benefit of the Holder. 

(ix) 
 . The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest at 
 annually. The Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder
 at the Fixed Conversion Price of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to
 the lower of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. In connection with this note, the Holder was issued five-year warrants
 to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. In addition, the Holder
 and the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement RRA whereby the Company agreed to register 
 shares of its common stock within 30 days of entry into the RRA for the benefit of the Holder. 

(x) 
 . The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest at annually.
 The Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder at the
 Fixed Conversion Price of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to the lower
 of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. In connection with this note, the Holder was issued five-year warrants to
 purchase shares of the Company s stock at an exercise price of per share. In addition, the Holder and the
 Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement RRA whereby the Company agreed to register shares
 of its common stock within 30 days of entry into the RRA for the benefit of the Holder. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
O STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS (continued) 

(xi) 
 . The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest at 
 annually. The Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the Holder
 at the Fixed Conversion Price of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate equal to
 the lower of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. In connection with this note, the Holder was issued five-year warrants
 to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. In addition, the Holder
 and the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement RRA whereby the Company agreed to register 
 shares of its common stock within 30 days of entry into the RRA for the benefit of the Holder. 

(xii) 
 . The Note has a term of one year (Maturity date of and bears interest
 at annually. The Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of
 the Holder at the Fixed Conversion Price of per share. Upon the event of default, the Note shall accrue interest at the rate
 equal to the lower of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. In connection with this note, the Holder was issued five-year 
 warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. In addition,
 the Holder and the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement RRA whereby the Company agreed to register
 shares of its common stock within 30 days of entry into the RRA for the benefit of the Holder. 

per month. Either party may terminate
the Agreement provided more than 60 days prior written notice is given the other party. If the Company terminates Spencer without Just
Cause or Spencer terminates employment with Good Reason, Spencer will be entitled to accrued but unpaid salary and benefits through the
date of termination and shall receive a severance payment equal to one month s current salary for each full year of employment,
with a minimum severance payment of three months and a maximum of six months pay. If Spencer is terminated for Just Cause or resigns
without Good Reason, Spencer will be entitled only to salary and benefits accrued but unpaid through the date of termination and shall
receive no amount for severance. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, chief
executive officer compensation expense was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accrued chief executive
officer compensation liability was and , respectively. 

Major
Customer 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer (located in Spain) accounted for of contract services revenue. 

Valuation 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the estimated U.S. federal tax rate of percent to
pretax income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the following: 

Non-deductible (non-taxable) loss (gain) from derivative liability 

Non-deductible stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Non-deductible amortization of debt discounts 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately , of which a total of approximately
 expires in varying amounts from 2027 to 2037. No tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 consolidated financial
statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. Due to the change in ownership provisions
of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations.
Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

In
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Company has analyzed its filing positions in all jurisdictions where it
is required to file income tax returns for the open tax years in such jurisdictions. The Company has identified its federal and state
income tax returns for the previous ten years remain subject to examination. The Company currently believes that all significant filing
positions are highly certain and that all of its significant income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained upon audit.
Therefore, the Company has no significant reserves for uncertain tax positions, and no adjustments to such reserves were required by
generally accepted accounting principles. No interest or penalties have been levied against the Company and none are anticipated; therefore
no interest or penalty has been included in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of its common stock to Lloyd Spencer in satisfaction of principal against
the convertible note dated May 7, 2022. 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock to BHP Capital NY, Inc. in satisfaction of principal,
 accrued fees, deposit fees and interest against the convertible note dated October 15, 2021. 

On
March 3, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock to New to The Street Group, LLC as per the terms of the Production Broadcasting Agreement dated February 24, 2022. 

On
April 8, 2023, CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. (the Company and Fermion Electric Private Limited Fermion signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to create a subsidiary corporation called CarbonMeta Research India as a Private Limited Company
that shall be jointly owned and managed by the Company and Fermion, and whose initial objective shall be processing natural gas into
hydrogen and high value carbon products. 

Under
the terms of the MOU: 

CarbonMeta
Research India will be a Private Limited Company in Kerala, India with initial equity ownership as follows: 

80 
 of the equity will be owned by CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc.; and 

20 
 of the equity will be owned by Fermion Electric Private Limited. 

CarbonMeta
Research India will be a research and development center whose focus will be on: 

Microwave
 catalysis of waste plastics, natural gas, and other organic waste materials; 

Carbon
 dioxide (CO2) capture technologies using novel technologies and adsorbents; 

Development
 of new catalysts for catalysis, pyrolysis, and electrolysis; and 

Commercialize
 and patent technologies that were developed and licensed by CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. or its subsidiaries. 

F- 28 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information that it is required to disclose
in reports that the Company files with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the
Exchange Act rules and regulations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, management completed an effective assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based
on the 2013 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) framework. Management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective to detect the inappropriate application of U.S. GAAP. Management identified the following
material weakness set forth below in our internal control over financial reporting. 

The
 Company was unable to provide a timely financial reporting package in connection with the year end audit. This was primarily the
 result of the Company s limited accounting personnel. This also limits the extent to which the Company can segregate incompatible
 duties and has a lack of controls in place to ensure that all material transactions and developments impacting the financial statements
 are reflected. There is a risk under the current circumstances that intentional or unintentional errors could occur and not be detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act (already defined). 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement
of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022 using the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013 Framework). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis. In our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, we determined
that there were control deficiencies existing that constituted a material weakness. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO (2013
Framework). 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of management,
including our principal executive officer, we have completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework ). Based on this evaluation under the COSO Framework, management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
controls over financial reporting because this is not required of the Company pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 308(b). 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or
that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

We
are not required by current SEC rules to include, and do not include, an auditor s attestation report regarding our internal controls
over financial reporting. Accordingly, our registered public accounting firm has not attested to management s reports on our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

34 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
names and ages of our Directors and Executive Officers are set forth below. Our By-Laws provide for not less than one Director. All Directors
are elected annually by the stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. The officers are elected by our Board. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Lloyd Spencer 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Director, Treasurer, Secretary 

The
principal occupations for each of our current executive officers and directors are as follows: 

LLOYD
T. SPENCER became our Chief Executive Office on January 28, 2008, interim Chief Financial Officer on November 17, 2008, and a member
of the board of directors and Vice President since September 20, 2007. Beginning in May 2006, Mr. Spencer has served as President and
CEO of our subsidiary, CoroWare Technologies, Inc. Beginning in October 2004, Mr. Spencer was co-founder and President of CoroWare, Inc.,
a Washington State private company that was acquired by Innova Holdings, Inc., which is now known as CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. From
June 2002 to September 2004, Mr. Spencer was Vice President of Sales at Planet Technologies, a systems integration company based in Germantown,
MD. From November 1996 to August 2001, Mr. Spencer was Solutions Unit Manager and Group Product Manager at Microsoft in Redmond, Washington.
Prior to Microsoft, Mr. Spencer served as Assistant Vice-President and Business Unit Manager at Newbridge Networks; and Product Line
Manager at Sun Microsystems. Mr. Spencer also currently serves as the Secretary and Director of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc.,
a publicly traded entity (OTCPK: DGWR). Mr. Spencer received his Bachelor s degree from Cornell University in 1980 with a major
in Biology and Animal Science and with an emphasis in Immunogenetics. 

On
February 14, 2014, Mr. Lloyd Spencer, Chairman of the Board of Directors, was appointed as Interim Corporate Secretary. Mr. Spencer continues
to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer. 

Our
director will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. Our executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and
serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

Mr.
Spencer is a full-time employee of the Company and devotes 40 50 hours per week to the Company. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the directors and executive officers. 

Conflicts
of Interest- General 

Our
directors and officers are, or may become, in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholder and/or partners
of other entities engaged in a variety of businesses. Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest including, among other things,
time, efforts and corporation opportunity, involved in participation with such other business entities. While our sole officer and director
of our business is engaged in business activities outside of our business, he devotes to our business such time as he believes to be
necessary. 

Conflicts
of Interest- Corporate Opportunities 

Presently,
no requirement contained in our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires officers and directors of our business to
disclose to us business opportunities which come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a fiduciary duty of
loyalty to us to disclose to us any business opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as an officer and/or director
or otherwise. Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person learns about through his involvement as an officer and
director of another company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring an affiliate, associate person or business opportunity
from any affiliate or any client of any such person. 

Code
of Ethics Disclosure Statement 

CarbonMeta
Technologies, Inc. has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer and other employees performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics was revised and updated in 2007 and approved
by the board on December 6, 2007. The Code of Ethics is in the investor section of our website at www.carbonmetatech.com . 

35 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary- Accrued ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 

(e) 

Lloyd Spencer- President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Director (1) 
 2022 
 150,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 150,000 

2021 
 150,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 150,000 

2020 
 150,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 150,000 

(1) 
 The
 values shown in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of equity-based awards granted during the fiscal year,
 in accordance with ASC 718, Share Based-Payment . The fair value of the stock options at the date of grant was estimated
 using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, based on the assumptions described in the Notes to Financial Statements included in
 this Registration Statement filed on Form S-1. 

(a) 
 Accrued
 salary 

(b) 
 Accrued
 bonus to employee for execution of employment agreement. 

(c) 
 Delivery
 of common stock to employee for execution of employment agreements. 

(d) 
 Options
 issued to employee for execution of employment agreement. More details on Options noted under Employment Agreements section below. 

(e) 
 Equity
 compensation received as a Director of the Company. 

We
have no plans in place and have never maintained any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will
be paid primarily following retirement including, but not limited to, tax qualified deferred benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement
plans, tax-qualified deferred contribution plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans. 

Except
as indicated below, we have no contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements, whether written or unwritten, that provide for payments
to the named executive officers listed above. 

Director s
Compensation 

CarbonMeta
Technologies, Inc. has not paid and does not presently propose to pay cash compensation to any director for acting in such capacity. No
restricted shares were awarded for 2022 or 2021 services. 

Beginning the first quarter of 2022, the directors of CarbonMeta Research
Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc., shall receive 15,000,000 shares of common stock of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. on a quarterly basis. 

36 

Audit
Committee 

Presently,
our Board of Directors is performing the duties that would normally be performed by an audit committee. We intend to form a separate
audit committee, and plan to seek potential independent directors. In connection with our search, we plan to appoint an individual qualified
as an audit committee financial expert. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company has an Employment Agreement with its sole officer and director, Lloyd Spencer. 

On
May 15, 2006, the Company and Lloyd Spencer (the Executive entered into an Employment Agreement (the Agreement ).
The Executive shall serve as an executive officer of the corporation beginning on May 15, 2006 for a terms of five years and the Agreement
shall automatically renew on the anniversary date for successive one year periods. As compensation, the Executive shall receive a salary
of 12,500 per month. In addition, the Executive received a five-year stock option granting the Executive the right to purchase 5,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 0.18. The option has expired as of the date of this filing. 

Stock
Option Plan and other Employee Benefits Plans 

The
Company does not maintain a Stock Option Plan or other Employee Benefit Plans. 

Overview
of Compensation Program 

We
currently do not maintain a Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Until a formal committee is established, our entire Board
of Directors has responsibility for establishing, implementing and continually monitoring adherence with the Company s compensation
philosophy. The Board of Directors ensures that the total compensation paid to the executives is fair, reasonable, and competitive. 

Role
of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions 

The
Board of Directors makes all compensation decisions for, and approves recommendations regarding equity awards to, the executive officers
and directors of the Company. 

37 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of April 19, 2023, with respect to any person (including any group ,
as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) who is
known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, and as to those shares of
our equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors and executive officers and all of our directors and executive officers
as a group. Unless otherwise specified in the table below, such information, other than information with respect to our directors and
executive officers, is based on a review of statements filed with the Securities and Exchange commission (the Commission pursuant to Sections 13 (d), 13 (f), and 13 (g) of the Exchange Act with respect to our common stock. As of April 19, 2023, there were
19,560,719,816 shares of common stock outstanding, plus 173,500,000 shares of common stock issuable up conversion of the note issued
to Lloyd Spencer on March 7, 2022, 375,000,000 shares of common stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to Tangiers Investment
Group, LLC on March 21, 2022, 226,130,000 shares of common stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to MacRab, LLC on May 10,
2022, 125,000,000 shares of common stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to BHP Capital NY Inc on July 14, 2022, 125,000,000
shares of common stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to Quick Capital, LLC on July 14, 2022, 50,000,000 shares of common
stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to the Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan on July 15, 2022, 12,500,000 shares of common
stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to the Robert Papiri Defined Contribution Plan on July 15, 2022, 12,500,000 shares of
common stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to RGP Capital Partners, Inc. on July 15, 2022, 150,000,000 shares of common stock
issuable up conversion of the note issued to RGP Capital Partners, Inc. on August 4, 2022, 67,000,000 shares of common stock issuable
up conversion of the note issued to Quick Capital, LLC on November 1, 2022, 67,000,000 shares of common stock issuable up conversion
of the note issued to the Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan on November 16, 2022, 75,000,000 shares of common stock issuable up conversion
of the note issued to RGP Capital Partners, Inc. on September 12, 2022, 574,375,000 shares of our common stock underlying the warrants
issued to MacRab, LLC, 165,000,000 shares of our common stock underlying the warrant issued to Lloyd Spencer, 125,000,000 shares of our
common stock underlying the warrants issued to Tangiers Investment Group, LLC 62,500,000 shares of our common stock underlying the warrants
issued to BHP Capital NY Inc., 62,500,000 shares of our common stock underlying the warrants issued to Quick Capital, LLC, 25,000,000
shares of our common stock underlying the warrant issued to the Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan, 6,250,000 shares of our common stock
underlying the warrant issued to the Robert Papiri Defined Contribution Plan, 106,250,000 shares of our common stock underlying the warrants
issued to RGP Capital Partners, Inc., 650,039,695 shares issuable upon conversion of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock, 1,000,000,000
shares issuable upon conversion of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock, 7,915,670,000 shares issuable upon conversion of the
Company s Series E Preferred Stock, 1,900,000,000 shares issuable upon conversion of of the Company s Series F Preferred
Stock and 250,000,000 shares issuable upon conversion of of the Company s Series G Preferred Stock. The number of shares outstanding
used in computing the percentage is 32,597,225,949. 

The
number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under the rules of the Commission and the information
is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
as to which such person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to
acquire within sixty (60) days after the date hereof, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise
indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares
set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership of those shares. 

The
table below shows the number of shares beneficially owned as of April 19, 2023 by each of our individual directors and executive officers,
by other holders of 5 or more of the outstanding stock and by all our current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Common Stock 
 Percentage of 

Beneficially 
 Stock 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Owned 
 (2)(3) 

Lloyd Spencer Common Shares (4) 
 2,165,677,763 
 3.78 

Lloyd Spencer Series D Preferred Stock 
 60,000 
 60.00 

Lloyd Spencer Series E Preferred Stock 
 85,000 
 10.35 

Lloyd Spencer Series G Preferred Stock 
 25,000 
 100.00 

Officers and Directors as a Group- Total common shares 
 2,165,677,763 
 3.78 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
 power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, or convertible debt currently exercisable
 or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of April 19, 2023 are deemed outstanding for computing percentage of
 the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any person. Percentages
 are based on a total of shares of common stock outstanding on April 19, 2023. 

(2) 
 The
 number of shares used in computing the percentages of common stock is 57,303,979,943. 

Issued
 and Outstanding Common Shares as of April 19, 2023: 19,172,538,816 
 Common
 shares issuable upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock: 650,039,695. Please see Preferred Stock beginning on page
 31 for further information. 
 Common
 shares issuable upon conversion of Series D Preferred Stock: 1,000,000,000. Please see Preferred Stock beginning on
 page 31 for further information. 
 Common
 shares issuable upon conversion of Series E Preferred Stock: 7,915,670,000. Please see Preferred Stock beginning on
 page 31 for further information. 
 Common
 shares issuable upon conversion of Series F Preferred Stock: 1,900,000,000. Please see Preferred Stock beginning on
 page 31 for further information. 
 Common
 shares issuable upon conversion of Series G Preferred Stock: 250,000,000. Please see Preferred Stock beginning on page
 31 for further information. 
 Common
 shares issuable upon exercise of all outstanding warrants: 1,146,000,000 
 Common
 shares issuable upon conversion of all outstanding convertible notes: 25,269,731,432 

38 

(3) 
 The
 number of shares used in computing the percentages of preferred stock is as follows: 

Series
 D Preferred Stock- 100,000 shares outstanding as of April 19, 2023 
 Series
 E Preferred Stock- 821,377 shares outstanding as of April 19, 2023 
 Series
 G Preferred Stock- 25,000 shares outstanding as of April 19, 2023 

(4) 
 Included
 within Mr. Spencer s beneficial ownership includes 552,177,763 shares of common stock previously issued to Mr. Spencer, 173,500,000
 shares of common stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to Mr. Spencer on March 7, 2022 and 165,000,000 shares of common
 stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant issued to Mr. Spencer on March 7, 2022, 600,000,000 shares issuable upon conversion of
 Mr. Spencer s 60,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock, 425,000,000 shares issuable upon conversion of Mr. Spencer s
 85,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock and 250,000,000 shares issuable upon conversion of Mr. Spencer s 25,000 shares of
 Series G Preferred Stock. Included within Mr. Spencer s Number of Voting Shares for common shares are 552,177,763
 shares of common stock previously issued to Mr. Spencer, 165,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant
 issued to Mr. Spencer on March 7, 2022 and 173,500,000 shares of common stock issuable up conversion of the note issued to Mr. Spencer
 on March 7, 2022, but excludes conversion of the Series D, E and G Preferred Stock issued to Mr. Spencer. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 

The
Company s board of directors has adopted a written related person transaction policy that sets forth the following policies and
procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related person transactions. 

A
 Related Party Transaction is a transaction, arrangement, or relationship in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
was, is or will be a participant, the amount of which involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any related party had, has or will have
a direct or indirect material interest. A Related Party means: 

any
 person who is, or at any time during the applicable period was, one of the Company s executive officers or a member of or nominee
 for the board of directors; 

any
 person (including any entity or group) who is known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our
 voting stock; 

any
 immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law,
 father-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law of a director, officer, or a beneficial owner of more than five percent
 (5 of our voting stock, and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such director, executive officer,
 or beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our voting stock; 

any
 of the foregoing persons that qualify as such at any time during the fiscal year in which a transaction that would otherwise be subject
 to this the policy occurs, even if such person has ceased to have such status during such fiscal year; and 

any
 firm, corporation, or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in
 which such person has a ten percent (10 or greater beneficial ownership interest. 

39 

In
addition, we will have in place policies and procedures designed to minimize potential conflicts of interest arising from any dealings
the Company may have with its affiliates and to provide appropriate procedures for the disclosure of any real or potential conflicts
of interest that may exist from time to time. 

Other
Related Party Transactions 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements require us to indemnify
and advance litigation expenses incurred by such individuals by reason of (i) their status as directors and/or officers of the Company,
(ii) acts or omissions made in good faith, (iii) their service in any capacity with respect to an employee benefit plan of our company
or one or more of our majority owned subsidiaries, or (iv) their service as directors, officers, managers, general partners, trustees,
employees, or agents of another entity (including a majority owned subsidiary of our company) at our request while directors and/or officers
of our company to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. See Limitations on Personal Liability of Directors, Indemnification
and Advancement Rights of Directors and Officers, and Director and Officer Insurance for more detail on the extent to which Delaware
law permits the indemnification of Directors and Officers under the indemnification agreement. 

Pursuant
to the indemnification agreements, the Company will advance all reasonable expenses to be incurred by the indemnitee related to a proceeding
for which the indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The indemnitee shall repay to the Company any expenses advance to the indemnitee
if it is ultimately be determined that indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such expenses. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to the Company by Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. for professional accounting services rendered
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 55,000 
 50,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees (2) 

Other Fees (3) 

Total 
 55,000 
 50,000 

(1)
Audit fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements. Audit-related fees fees consist of
comfort letter service fees. 

(2)
Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns. 

(3)
Other fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to non-recurring fees for the initial public offering and the acquisitions
completed during the year. 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

2.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Merger of Sanjay Haryma and Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A
 with the Securities and exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Merger of SRM Networks, Inc. and Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and exchange
 Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 2.6 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger among the Company, RWT Acquisition, Inc and Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc. dated July 21, 2004. (previously
 filed on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange on August 8, 2004.) 
 
 2.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Ownership and Merger of Innova Robotics and Automation, Inc. and Innova Holdings, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation (previously filed on Form SB-2 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2001) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 (previously filed on Form SB-2 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2001) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Name change to SRM Networks, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Name change to Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Increased authorized common stock (previously filed on Form
 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Name change to Innova Holdings, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Name change to Innova Robotics and Automation, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Name change to CoroWare, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Capital structure (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August
 31, 2021) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Capital structure (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August
 31, 2021) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Capital structure (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August
 31, 2021) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Capital structure (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August
 31, 2021) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Capital structure (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August
 31, 2021) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Capital structure (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August
 31, 2021) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Name change to Open Road Shipping, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.16 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation for CoroWare Treasury, Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August
 31, 2021) 
 
 3.17 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation for Carbon Source Inc. (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.18 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation- Name change to CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. 
 
 3.19 
 Articles of Organization of CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 3.20 
 
 Restated Articles of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of Subscription Agreement (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 

41 

4.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 11, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Forbearance
 Agreement between CoroWare, Inc., CoroWare Technologies, Inc., Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc. and YA Global Investments, L.P.
 dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Intellectual Security Agreement dated between CoroWare, Inc., CoroWare Technologies, Inc., Robotic Workspace Technologies,
 Inc. and YA Global Investments, L.P. dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CoroWare, Inc. and YA Global Investments, L.P. dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed
 on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Global Security Agreement between CoroWare, Inc., CoroWare Technologies, Inc., Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc.
 and YA Global Investments, L.P. dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Global
 Guaranty Agreement between CoroWare Technologies, Inc. and Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc. in favor of YA Global Investments,
 L.P. dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Intellectual Security Agreement between CoroWare, Inc., CoroWare Technologies, Inc., Robotic Workspace Technologies,
 Inc. and YA Global Investments, L.P. dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between CoroWare, Inc. and Global Technologies, Ltd dated May 10, 2021 (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between CoroWare, Inc. and Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated July 19, 2021 (previously filed on Form 1-A with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Settlement
 Agreement between CoroWare, Inc., CoroWare Technologies, Inc., Robotics Workspace Technologies, Inc. and YA Global Investments, LP
 dated July 19, 2021 (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated March 21, 2022 (previously filed
 on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated March 21, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated March 21, 2022 (previously
 filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Lloyd T. Spencer dated March 7, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Lloyd T. Spencer dated March 7, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Lloyd T. Spencer dated March 7, 2022 (previously filed
 on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Debt
 Settlement Agreement between CoroWare, Inc. and RBB Capital, LLC dated October 25, 2021 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Interim
 Joint Product Development and Sales Representation Agreement between the Company and Salvum Corporation dated January 11, 2022 (previously
 filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Standby
 Equity Commitment Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and MacRab, LLC dated April 14, 2022 (previously filed on Form
 S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and MacRab, LLC dated April 14, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and MacRab, LLC dated April 14, 2022 (previously filed on
 Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and MacRab, LLC dated May 10, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and MacRab, LLC dated May 10, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and MacRab, LLC dated May 10, 2022 (previously filed on Form
 S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and RPG Capital Partners dated March 1, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Master
 Subcontractor Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Elder and Associates, LLC dated January 24, 2022 (previously filed
 on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and BHP Capital NY, Inc. dated July 14, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and BHP Capital NY, Inc. dated July 14, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 

42 

10.28 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and BHP Capital NY, Inc. dated July 14, 2022 (previously filed
 on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and BHP Capital NY, Inc. dated July 14, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC dated July 14, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC dated July 14, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC dated July 14, 2022 (previously filed
 on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC dated July 14, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan dated July 15, 2022 (previously filed
 on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan dated July 15, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan dated July 15, 2022
 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan dated July 15, 2022 (previously filed
 on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Contribution Plan dated July 15, 2022 (previously
 filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Contribution Plan dated July 15, 2022 (previously filed on Form
 S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Contribution Plan dated July 15,
 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Contribution Plan dated July 15, 2022 (previously
 filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and RGP Capital Partners, Inc. dated July 15, 2022 (previously filed on
 Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and RGP Capital Partners, Inc. dated July 15, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1 with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and RGP Capital Partners, Inc. dated July 15, 2022 (previously
 filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and RGP Capital Partners, Inc. dated July 15, 2022 (previously filed on Form
 S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022) 
 
 10.46 
 
 License
 Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Ecomena Limited dated December 2, 2021 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.47 
 
 License
 Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Oxford University Innovation Limited (previously filed on Form S-1/A with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.48 
 
 Operating
 Agreement of CarbonMeta Green Building Materials, LLC (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Convertible
 Note between the Company and Tim Burgess dated February 12, 2003 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Convertible
 Note between the Company and Azriel Nagar dated February 13, 2003 (previously filed on
 Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Convertible
 Note between the Company and Julian Herskowitz dated February 12, 2003 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Promissory
 Note between the Company and Richard Wynns dated July 27, 2010 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Richard Wynns dated July 22, 2005 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.54 
 
 Amended
 and Restated secured Convertible Debenture between the Company and Westmount Holdings international Limited dated August 22, 2009
 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.55 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Kelburgh Ltd dated February 21, 2012 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.56 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Premier IT Solutions dated October 5, 2011 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.57 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and LG Capital Funding, LLC dated March 11, 2014 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and LG Capital Funding, LLC dated January 7, 2015 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and LG Capital Funding, LLC dated March 11, 2014 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.60 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Barclay Lyons dated July 28, 2011 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.61 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Blackridge Capital, LLC dated February 21, 2014 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Patrick Tuohy dated April 1, 2014 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 

10.63 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated March 9, 2013 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 

43 

10.64 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated March 27, 2014 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.65 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated October 11, 2016 (previously filed on Form S-1/A
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.66 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated January 30, 2017 (previously filed on Form S-1/A
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.67 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and AGS Capital Group, LLC dated February 25, 2013 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.68 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and AGS Capital Group, LLC dated February 25, 2013 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.69 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Ralph Cariou dated March 12, 2015 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.70 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Ralph Cariou dated March 12, 2015 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.71 
 
 Convertible
 Note Purchase Agreement between the Company and Redwood Management, LLC dated March 21, 2011 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.72 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Burrington Capital dated April 2, 2014 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.73 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Secured Convertible Debenture between the Company and Patrick Ferro dated April 3, 2014 (previously filed on Form
 S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.74 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Secured Convertible Debenture between the Company and Patrick Ferro dated April 14, 2014 (previously filed on Form
 S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.75 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Ralph Cariou dated April 3, 2012 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.76 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Zoom Marketing dated April 23, 2013 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.77 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Jared Robert dated December 10, 2014 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.78 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Secured Convertible Debenture between the Company and Dakota Capital Pty Limited dated April 8, 2014 (previously
 filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.79 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Martin Harvey dated April 2, 2011 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.80 
 
 Promissory
 Note between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and RGP Capital Partners, Inc. dated September 12, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.81 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and Robert Papiri Defined Contribution Plan dated September 12, 2022 (previously
 filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.82 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and RGP Capital Partners, Inc. dated September 12, 2022 (previously filed
 on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.83 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and RGP Capital Partners, Inc. dated September 12,
 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2022) 
 
 10.84+ 
 
 Employment
 agreement between the Company and Lloyd Spencer dated May 15, 2006 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on October 11, 2022) 

10.85 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and Quick Capital, LLC dated November 1, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.86 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note between the Company and Quick Capital, LLC dated November 1, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.87 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Quick Capital, LLC dated November 1, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.88 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan dated November 16, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.89 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note between the Company and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan dated November 16, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.90 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan dated November 16, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.91 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. and J.H. Darbie Co., Inc. dated March 28, 2022 (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.92 
 
 Fee Agreement between the Company and J.H. Darbie Co., Inc. (previously filed on Form S-1/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.93 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Robert Papiri defined Benefit Plan dated December 11, 2022 
 
 10.94 
 
 Promissory Note between the Company and the Robert Papiri defined Benefit Plan dated December 11, 2022 
 
 10.95 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and the Robert Papiri defined Benefit Plan dated December 11, 2022 
 
 10.96 
 
 SAAS Agreement between the Company and Gulp Data, Inc. dated August 17, 2022 
 
 10.97 
 
 Loan Agreement between the Company and Michael Sobeck dated August 16, 2022 
 
 10.98 
 
 Binding Memorandum of Understanding (previously filed on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2023) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries (previously filed on Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2021) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to the Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed
 herewith. 

The
 certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference
 into any filing of Eightco Holdings Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 20th day of April 2023. 

CARBONMETA
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

(the Registrant 

BY: 
 /s/
 Lloyd Spencer 

Lloyd Spencer 

Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Lloyd Spencer 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 and
 Director 
 
 April
 20, 2023 
 
 Lloyd Spencer 

45 

<EX-10.93>
 2
 ex10-93.htm

Exhibit 10.93 

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of December 11, 2022, by and between CARBONMETA TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. , a Delaware corporation, with headquarters located at 13110 NE 177th Place, # 145, Woodinville, WA 98072 (the Company ),
and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan , a California Trust, located at PO Box 110672, Campbell, CA 95008 (the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A.
The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; and 

B.
Buyer desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 5,000.00 (as the principal amount thereof
may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon
or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ),
convertible into 25,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon
the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; and 

C.
The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth
immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; and 

D.
The Company wishes to issue 8,500,000 shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares to the Buyer as additional consideration
for the purchase of the Note, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. 

NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 Purchase and Sale of Note. 

a.
 Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees
to purchase from the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall
mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required
by law or executive order to remain closed. 

b.
 Form of Payment. On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 5,000 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company,
in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver
such duly executed Note and Warrant on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing,
the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of 2,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s broker fees in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

c.
 Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below,
the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date
that the Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. 

d.
 Closing . The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing
Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

1 

1A.
 Commitment Shares. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Commitment Shares to the Buyer pursuant to the terms
of contained therein. 

2.
 Buyer s Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: 

a.
 Investment Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrant (the Note, Warrant, shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant (the Exercise Shares ), and Commitment Shares shall collectively be
referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution
thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that
by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and
reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption
under the 1933 Act. 

b.
 Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D (an Accredited Investor ). 

c.
 Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the
Securities. 

d.
 Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be,
furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and
sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for
so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business
and affairs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the
Company or otherwise and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following
such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors
or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained
in Section 3 below. 

e.
 Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 

f.
 Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered
under the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of
the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold
or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are
sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Rule
144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is
an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold
pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation S ), and the Buyer shall have delivered to
the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel
in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule
144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities
under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term
is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC
thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act
or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the
foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin
account or other lending arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale
or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the
Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

2 

g.
 Legends. The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrant, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been
registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may
bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE]
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of
Common Stock without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable
shares of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository
Trust Company DTC ), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section
4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its
transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant
to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined
in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

3 

h.
 Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its
terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors 
rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity. 

3.
 Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: 

a.
 Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate
and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated
and conducted. Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in
which each is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is
in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes
such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects
of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments
to be entered into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated
or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b.
 Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement,
the Note, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrant, the Note, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares
by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance
of the Note, Warrant, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares issuable upon
conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further
consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this Agreement
and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and delivered
by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority
to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind the Company
accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments
will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. 

c.
 Capitalization; Governing Documents. As of December 11, 2022, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 35,000,000,000
authorized shares of Common Stock, of which 18,977,886,254 shares were issued and outstanding, and total authorized and preferred shares
of the Company are the same as disclosed in the Company s annual report filed with OTC Markets on April 21, 2022. All of such outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company and the Conversion Shares, are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the
shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective
date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there
are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings,
claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable
for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements
or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities
under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company
(or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company
has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws ),
and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders
thereof in respect thereto. 

4 

d.
 Issuance of Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved
for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject
to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

e.
 Issuance of Warrant and Commitment Shares. The issuance of the Warrant and Commitment Shares are duly authorized and will be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and
shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability
upon the holder thereof. 

f.
 Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares
and Exercise Shares to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. The Company further acknowledges
that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares,
are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders
of the Company. 

g.
 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance
of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or
an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
(including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company
or its securities is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations
and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or
ratchet provision contained in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both
could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any
action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of,
any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be
conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity.
Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the
Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental
agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform
any of its obligations under this Agreement and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note
in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise
Shares as applicable. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant
to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing
requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by
the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might
give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market
where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market
(including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 

5 

h.
 Absence of Certain Changes . Since September 30, 2021, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development
in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting
status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

i.
 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board,
government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened
against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have
a Material Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the
foregoing. 

j.
 Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all
patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks,
service names, trade names and copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now
operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding
pending, or to the Company s knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to
any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated
in the future); to the best of the Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products,
services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of
any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable
security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. 

k.
 No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or
other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has
or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract
or agreement which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

l.
 Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax
returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes)
and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate
for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know
of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any
taxing authority. 

6 

m.
 Transactions with Affiliates. Except for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain
from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or employees
of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees,
officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing
for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such
employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

n.
 Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided
to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct
in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein
or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists
with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions,
which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so
publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated
into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). 

o.
 Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely
in the capacity of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company
further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with
respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives
or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely
incidental to the Buyer s purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision
to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. 

p.
 No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly
or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not
be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval
provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

q.
 No Brokers; No Solicitation. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions,
transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) in such capacity with respect to the
Buyer solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. 

r.
 Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses,
permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
September 30, 2021, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts,
defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts,
defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

7 

s.
 Environmental Matters. 

(i)
There are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company,
no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities,
circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability
or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local
or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor
is any action pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental
Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including,
without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances
or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes,
decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations
issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder. 

(ii)
Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained
on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were
released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the
property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any
of its Subsidiaries business. 

(iii)
There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that are not in compliance with applicable law. 

t.
 Title to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good
and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto, or
such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

u.
 Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient,
in the judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

8 

v.
 Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any
corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any
direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in
violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. 

w.
 Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets
have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute
and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after
giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would
impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company s financial
statements for its most recent fiscal year end and interim financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue
as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

x.
 No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement
will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment
Company ). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. 

aa.
 No Off Balance Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act
filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

bb.
 No Disqualification Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification
Event ), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to
determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

cc.
 Manipulation of Price . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased,
or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation
for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company. 

dd.
 Bank Holding Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ).
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of
the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises
a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the
Federal Reserve. 

ee.
 Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s
knowledge, any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
other business entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or
indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of
applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any
elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

9 

ff.
 Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations
or warranties set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it
will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 

4.
 ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 

a.
 Best Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of
this Agreement. 

b.
 Form D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to
provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as
the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant
to this Agreement under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption
from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. 

c.
 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for business development, and not for (i) the repayment of any indebtedness
owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation,
partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iv) any loan,
credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable
law, rule or regulation. 

d.
 Right of Participation and First Refusal . 

(i)
 Other than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior
to the date of this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not,
(i) directly or indirectly, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or
any option to purchase or other disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities,
including without limitation any debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under
any circumstances, convertible into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement
being referred to as a Subsequent Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing,
in each case unless the Company shall have first complied with this Section 4(d). 

(ii)
 The Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price
and other terms upon which they are to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement
to be issued, sold, or exchanged and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of
the securities in the Subsequent Placement (in each case, an Offer ). 

(iii)
 To accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice
of Acceptance to the Company prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s
receipt of the Offer Notice (the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription
Amount ). The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms
and conditions (including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such
terms and conditions is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. 

(iv)
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or
amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that
such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer
a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the
Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. 

10 

e.
 Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever
claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right
or remedy under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly
agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated
thereby for payments which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under
applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default
interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company
may be obligated to pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum
Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document,
agreement or instrument contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the
date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note
and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded
by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer
with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such
excess shall be applied by the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner
of handling such excess to be at the Buyer s election. 

f.
 Restriction on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full
or full conversion of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure
of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business. 

g.
 Listing. The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock
on the Principal Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink
Sheets electronic quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations
under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The
Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic
quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such
exchanges and quotation systems. 

h.
 Corporate Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence
and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of
all or substantially all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s
obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation
whose Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock
Exchange or the NYSE MKT. 

i.
 No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances
that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities
to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable
to the Company or its securities. 

11 

j.
 Breach of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section
4, in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under
Section 3.3 of the Note. 

k.
 Compliance with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrant, Conversion
Shares, or any Exercise Shares, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue
to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company
shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the
current public information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i)
or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public
Information Failure then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability
to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or
at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each
of the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter
until the date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(k)
are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the
earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (iii) the third
business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails
to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate
of 5 per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. 

l.
 Acknowledgement Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not
effect any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which
establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock. 

m.
 Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information . By 9:00 a.m., New York time, following the date this Agreement has
been fully executed, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K (if required) describing the terms of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement in the form required by the 1934 Act and attaching this Agreement, the form of Note (the 8-K Filing ).
From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing with the SEC, the Buyer shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information
received from the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents that is not disclosed
in the 8-K Filing. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality
or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and the Buyer or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall
terminate. 

n.
 Legal Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for
promptly supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal
Counsel Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates,
successors and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of
Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale
pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption
are satisfied). In addition, the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal
Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never
take the position that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. 

o.
 Piggyback Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit B hereto. 

12 

p.
 Most Favored Nation . While the Note or any principal amount, interest or fees or expenses due thereunder remain outstanding and
unpaid, the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares
of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise
benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect to such Other Investor than the rights and benefits
established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement or the Note unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights
and benefits pursuant to a definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. 

 q.
 Subsequent Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the
Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate
Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into,
exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price,
exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares
of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange
price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence
of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or
(ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at
a future determined price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

r.
 [Intentionally Omitted] . 

s.
 Non-Public Information . The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide
the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public
information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep
such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer
without such Buyer s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains
material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other
material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement
or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written
consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information,
it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information
is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 

t.
 D O Insurance . Within 300 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall purchase director and officer insurance on behalf
of the Company s (including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18 months after the Closing with respect to
any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based
on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 

13 

5.
 Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates
and/or issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of
the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by
the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event
that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement,
a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not
limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the
successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares under
the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately
sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company
warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given
by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company
as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair,
and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities
to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant
as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or
impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions
in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or
upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant as and when required by the Note, Warrant, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will
provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrant. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth
in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the
Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions
in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the
1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant
to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities,
promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations
as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the
Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy
at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach
by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an
injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond
or other security being required. 

6.
 Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the
Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided
that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. 
 The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered
the same to the Company. 

b. 
 The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance
with Section 1(b) above. 

c. 
 The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations
and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects
with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at
or prior to the Closing Date. 

14 

d. 
 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of
competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7.
 Conditions to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing
Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions
are for the Buyer s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. 
 The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered
the same to the Buyer. 

b. 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed
Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrant and
Commitment Shares. 

d. 
 The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

e. 
 The representations and warranties of the Company shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations
and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects
with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at
or prior to the Closing Date. 

f. 
 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of
competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

g. 
 No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company
or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

h. 
 Trading in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not
have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. 

i. 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate
evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation
issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction, as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and
(ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing
this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated hereby. 

15 

8.
 Governing Law; Miscellaneous. 

a.
 Governing Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware or, to the extent that neither of the foregoing courts has jurisdiction, the Superior Court
of the State of Delaware. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action
instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens .
 EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall
be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note,
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

b.
 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of
which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered
to the other party. A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with
the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature
hereto by facsimile or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. 

c.
 Construction; Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed
against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part
of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

d.
 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. 

e.
 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither
the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this
Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by
the Buyer. 

16 

f.
 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective
(a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine,
at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received),
or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid,
addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications
shall be: 

If
to the Company, to: 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 13110
NE 177th Place, Suite 145 

 Woodinville,
WA 98072 

 Attention:
Lloyd Spencer 

 e-mail:
investors@carbonmetatech.com 

If
to the Buyer: 

Robert
Papiri Defined Benefit Plan 

 PO
Box 110672 

 Campbell
CA 95008 

 E-mail:
 robertpapiri@gmail.com 

g.
 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Buyer. The Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act)
in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without
the consent of the Company. 

h.
 Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors
and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

i.
 Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall
survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result
of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

j.
 Publicity. The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press
releases, SEC, Principal Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby;
 provided , however , that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release
or SEC, Principal Market (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable
law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release
and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). 

k.
 Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

17 

l.
 No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

m.
 Indemnification . In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder,
and in addition to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect,
indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect
investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions,
causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective
of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or
relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or
any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or
obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these
purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance
or enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
(ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the
Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall
make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable
law. 

n.
 Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law
for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions
of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable
herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any
other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
hereof and thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

o.
 Payment Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note,
pursuant to the Warrant, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii)
the Buyer enforces or exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrant, or pursuant to any other agreement,
certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement
or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation,
any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar
amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver
or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common
law or equitable cause of action). 

p.
 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder
are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

18 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

CARBONMETA
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 LLOYD SPENCER 

Title: 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

Robert
 Papiri Defined Benefit Plan 

By: 

Name: 
 Robert Papiri 

Title: 
 Trustee 

SUBSCRIPTION
AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: 5,000.00 

Actual Amount of Purchase Price: 5,000.00 

19 

EXHIBIT
A 

FORM
OF NOTE 

[attached
hereto] 

20 

EXHIBIT
B 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the Conversion Shares, Exercise Shares, and Commitment Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the
provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 

1.
 Piggy-Back Registration . 

1.1
 Piggy-Back Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement
under the 1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other
obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders
of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed
in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection
with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the
understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing
market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC). 

1.2
 Withdrawal . Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable
Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand
pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

21 

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation,(i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required
to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities
with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii)
reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority
of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act)
and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
 Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or
in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or
any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit
B, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the
Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer
and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 

If
the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for
any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such
party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder
of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds
actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related
prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit B] 

22 

</EX-10.93>

<EX-10.94>
 3
 ex10-94.htm

Exhibit
10.94 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A
OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal
 Amount: 5,000.00 
 Issue
 Date: December 11, 2022 
 
 Actual
 Amount of Purchase Price: 5,000.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , CARBONMETA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the
 Company (Trading Symbol: COWI), hereby promises to pay to the order of Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan , or registered
assigns (the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 5,000.00 (the
 Principal Amount ), which amount is the 5,000.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration hereof (the Principal Amount and to pay interest on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of twelve percent (12 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable,
whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise, as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve
(12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ), and is the date upon which the Principal Amount as well as any accrued
and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. 

This
Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any
Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent
(16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ).
Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. 

All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common
Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall
be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of
this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day. 

Each
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks
in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

1 

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1
 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the Issue Date, to convert
all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities
of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined
as provided herein (a Conversion ); provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after
giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s
affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any
of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion
of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock,
a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or
annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of
this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect
on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ),
delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice
of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion
Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal
Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 

1.2 Conversion Price. 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under
this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder (the Conversion Price shall equal 0.0002, subject
to adjustment as provided in this Note. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less
than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par
value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional
Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion
shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price
not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each
Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations
are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar
transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock
or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding
immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. Common Stock Equivalents means any securities
of the Company or the Company s subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

2 

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a
number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 212,500,000 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number of Conversion
Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation
(taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) one and a half
(1.5) (the Reserved Amount ). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates
for the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees
that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates
for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the
terms and conditions of this Note. 

If,
at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default (as defined in this Note) under
this Note. 

1.4 Method of Conversion. 

(a) Mechanics
of Conversion . This Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the
Issue Date, by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable
means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time). Any Notice of Conversion submitted
after 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, shall be deemed to have been delivered and received on the next Trading Day. 

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal
Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of
such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical
surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima
facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note
is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower,
whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder
(upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal
Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

3 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder
(or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless
and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder s
account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of a facsimile transmission
or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided
in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates
for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within
one (1) Trading Day after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal
Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason
or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the
Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s
balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s
conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the
Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of
the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder
is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which
the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written
notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a
Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such
notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the
Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit the Holder s balance account with DTC
for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s
obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise
that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s
request and in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase
price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased (the Buy-In Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue
such Conversion Shares) or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly
honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s
balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of
(A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall
limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates
representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required
pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrower s
transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding
Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect
such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of
this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other
assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares
as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or
any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record,
or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to
the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the
Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date. 

4 

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in
Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the
Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 

1.5 Concerning
the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are
sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares
are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance
with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase
Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under
the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction
as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares
that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A,
REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares
without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery
by crediting the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a)
such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance
with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

5 

1.6 Effect of Certain Events. 

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as
defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which
the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to
the Default Amount (defined in Section 3.19) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to
the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not effectuate any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special
meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of
shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to
convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations
of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to
the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off))
(a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the record holders
of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights,
the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

6 

(e) Dilutive
Issuance . If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or
has issued, sold or granted as of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice,
or otherwise disposes of, or issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase
or other disposition), any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity
the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes
or warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the
then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by
operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants,
options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective
price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion
Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal
to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example,
and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction),
and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective price per share that
is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading
prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base Conversion Price
(including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common
Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion at the Base Conversion
Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 1.6(e) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. In the event
of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated
as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. 

An
 Exempt Issuance shall mean the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or other securities to officers or directors of the
Company pursuant to any stock or option or similar equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Company s Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for
such purpose in a manner which is consistent with the Company s prior business practices; (b) securities issued pursuant to a merger,
consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; (c) securities issued
pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial
institution approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company; or (d) securities issued with respect to which the
Holder waives its rights in writing under this Section 1.6(e). 

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each respective
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate
setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant
transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) calendar day after
each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such
time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property
which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment
is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment
or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification
provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note. 

7 

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the
Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved
Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder
of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of
Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the
Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares
of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion
of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying
the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and
the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust
its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights
and remedies for the Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 

1.9 Prepayment.
 At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note (the Prepayment Period ), the Borrower
shall have the right, exercisable on three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding
Principal Amount and interest then due under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional
Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower
is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the
Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). The Holder shall have the right, at all times prior to the actual
receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment Date, to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to
the terms of this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9. On the Optional
Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the
Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower
shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding
 plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse
Holder for administrative fees. 

If
the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as
provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section
1.9. 

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds . If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company receives
cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including but not limited to, from payments from customers,
the issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower, the issuance of securities pursuant to an equity
line of credit of the Borrower or the sale of assets, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day of Borrower s receipt of
such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion
to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to all of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount
and interest (including any Default Interest) then due under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute
an Event of Default. 

ARTICLE
II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Ranking
and Security . This Note shall have priority over all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower. 

2.2 Other
Indebtedness . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through
any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in
priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder. 

8 

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other
securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common
Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock
except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower s disinterested
directors. 

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not
without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other
securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any
warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower. 

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any transaction with any person, firm, joint
venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior
to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard
to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this
Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower
in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement
structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
(a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction ). In the event
that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while
this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than 5,000,
will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to
the balance of this Note (under Holder s and Borrower s expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). 

2.8 Preservation
of Business and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holder s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any merchant cash advance
transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall maintain and preserve,
and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each
of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business
makes such qualification necessary. 

2.9 Noncircumvention .
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. 

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note. 

9 

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note. 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
(iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs,
and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion
Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove
(or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend
(or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder
upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement
or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or
any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days
after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent
(including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a conversion
of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the
Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall
be added to the principal balance of the Note. 

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained in the Purchase
Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrant ),
or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection
herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage
of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver
or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Judgments.
 Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20)
days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

3.7 Bankruptcy.
 Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under
any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 

10 

3.9 Liquidation.
 Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern 
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets
which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from
two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding. 

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.14 Cross-Default .
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements or
other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in the
Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 

3.16 Inside
Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information
concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s filing of a
Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i)
obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder s brokerage
firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of
any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit
such shares into the Holder s brokerage account. 

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common Stock
(i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a Principal Market. 

3.19 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall
become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount
equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment
multiplied by 125 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder
may, in its sole discretion, determine to accept payment part in Common Stock and part in cash. For purposes of payments in Common Stock,
the conversion formula set forth in Section 1.2 shall apply as well as all other provisions of this Note. The Holder shall be entitled
to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

11 

ARTICLE
IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices.
 All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Borrower, to: 

CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 13110
NE 177th Place, Suite 145 

 Woodinville,
WA 98072 

 Attention:
Lloyd Spencer 

 e-mail:
 investors@carbonmetatech.com 

If
to the Holder: 

Robert
Papiri Defined Benefit Plan 

 PO
Box 110672 

 Campbell
CA 95008 

 E-mail:
 robertpapiri@gmail.com 

4.3 Amendments.
 This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term
 Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed,
or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

4.4 Assignability.
 This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and
its successors and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)
of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates , as that term is defined under the
1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral
in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note,
acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
reasonable attorneys fees. 

12 

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware or, to the extent that neither of the foregoing courts has jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State of
Delaware. The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall
not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery
(with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with
this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover
from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. 

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower
and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine
and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder
in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion
of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that
such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment
without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered
into in connection herewith and therewith. 

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock
unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier),
of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9. 

4.10 Remedies.
 The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. 

13 

4.11 Construction;
Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Note. 

4.12 Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under
this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability
of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum
lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall
any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the
nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official
governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable
to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances
whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this
the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company,
the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 

4.13 Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any
judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 

4.14 Terms
of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries of any security,
or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, with any term that the Holder reasonably believes is more
favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Holder reasonably believes was
not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note, then (i) the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable
term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at
Holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder (regardless of whether the Borrower complied
with the notification provision of this Section 4.14). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to
the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and original issue discounts. 

4.15 Dispute
Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or
Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation
of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed
determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable notice giving
rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned
of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation
within one (1) Trading Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower
or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within one (1) Trading Day, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the
closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower
and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower
shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower
and the Holder of the results no later than one (1) Trading Day from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations.
Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. 

4.16 Right
of Payment from a business company located in Spain . If at any time while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower has received a payment from its customer, the Holder reserves the right to request payment on demand for all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount or interest.
When the payment is received, the Borrower shall notify the Holder via electronic mail to robertpapiri@gmail.com . 

[signature
page follows] 

14 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on December 11, 2022. 

CARBONMETA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Lloyd Spencer 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

15 

EXHIBIT
A NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert _____________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of
Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of CARBONMETA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of
the Borrower dated as of December 11, 2022 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the
Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. 

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The
 Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
 or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name
 of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account
 Number: 

The
 undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
 below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if
 additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date
 of Conversion: 

Applicable
 Conversion Price: 

Number
of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 
 _________________________ 

Amount
 of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this conversion: 
 _________________________ 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

</EX-10.94>

<EX-10.95>
 4
 ex10-95.htm

Exhibit
10.95 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

Registration
Rights Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of December 11, 2022 by and between CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc., a
corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the Company ), and Robert Papiri Defined Benefit Plan, a California
Trust (the Investor ). 

Whereas ,
in connection with the Convertible Promissory Note by and between the Company and the Investor of this date (the Convertible
Promissory Note ), the Company has agreed to issue and sell to the Investor a 5,000.00 Convertible Promissory note, convertible
into shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.0001 Par value per share (the Common Stock ); and 

Whereas ,
to induce the Investor to execute and deliver the Convertible Promissory Note, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration
rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively,
the 1933 Act ), and applicable state securities laws, with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant
to the Convertible Promissory Note. 

Now
therefore, in consideration of the foregoing promises and the mutual covenants contained hereinafter and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows: 

Section
1. DEFINITIONS . 

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Execution
Date means the date of this Agreement set forth above. 

Person 
means a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental
or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency. 

Principal
Market shall mean Nasdaq Capital Market, the NYSE Amex, the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq
Global Select Market or the OTC Markets, whichever is the principal market on which the Common Stock of the Company is listed. 

Register , 
 Registered , and Registration refer to the Registration effected by preparing and filing one
(1) or more Registration Statements in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933 Act or any successor rule
providing for offering securities on a continuous basis Rule 415 ), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness
of such Registration Statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Registrable
Securities means (i) the underlying shares of the Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of 5,000.00, (ii) Commitment
Shares, (iii) Warrant Shares and (iv) any shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to such shares of Common Stock, if
any, as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise, which have not been (x)
included in the Registration Statement that has been declared effective by the SEC, or (y) sold under circumstances meeting all of the
applicable conditions of Rule 144 (or any similar provision then in force) under the 1933 Act. 

Registration
Statement means the registration statement or statements of the Company filed under the 1933 Act covering the Registrable
Securities. 

All
capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning ascribed to them as in the Convertible
Promissory Note. 

Section
2. REGISTRATION . 

(a)
 Subject to Section 3(g) , the Company shall, within thirty (30) days after the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC the
Registration Statement or Registration Statements (as is necessary) on Form S-1 (or, if such form is unavailable for such a registration,
on such other form as is available for such registration), covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities, which Registration
Statement(s) shall state that, in accordance with Rule 416 promulgated under the 1933 Act, such Registration Statement also covers such
indeterminate number of additional shares of Common Stock as may become issuable upon stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
The Company shall initially register for resale 67,000,000 shares of Common Stock, except to the extent that the SEC requires the share
amount to be reduced as a condition of effectiveness. In the event that the Investor requires more than 67,000,000 shares to fully convert
the Convertible Promissory Note, the Company shall file a subsequent Registration Statement to register for resale the number of shares
required for the Investor to fully convert the Convertible Promissory Note. 

(b)
 The Company agrees not to include any other securities in the Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities without
the Investor s prior written consent which the Investor may withhold in its sole discretion. Furthermore, the Company agrees that
it will not file any other Registration Statement for other securities, until thirty calendar days after the Registration Statement for
the Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC. 

Section
3. RELATED OBLIGATIONS . 

At
such time as the Company is obligated to prepare and file the Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a) , the
Company shall have the following obligations with respect to the Registration Statement: 

(a)
 The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities
to become effective within ninety (90) days after the date that the Registration Statement is filed and shall keep such Registration
Statement effective until the earlier to occur of the date on which (A) the Investor shall have sold all the Registrable Securities;
or (B) the Company has no right to sell any additional shares of Common Stock under the Convertible Promissory Note (the Registration
Period ). The Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. The Company shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to respond to all SEC comments within ten (10) business days from receipt of such comments by the Company. The Company
shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities to become effective
no later than five (5) business days after notice from the SEC that the Registration Statement may be declared effective. The Investor
agrees to provide all information which it is required by law to provide to the Company, including the intended method of disposition
of the Registrable Securities, and the Company s obligations set forth above shall be conditioned on the receipt of such information. 

2 

(b)
 The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post- effective amendments) and supplements to the Registration
Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the 1933 Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective during the Registration Period, and,
during such period, comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company
covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance
with the intended methods of disposition by the Investor thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement. In the event the number
of shares of Common Stock covered by the Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement is at any time insufficient to cover
all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend such Registration Statement, or file a new Registration Statement (on the
short form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover all of the Registrable Securities, in each case, as soon as practicable,
but in any event within fifty (50) calendar days after the necessity therefor arises (based on the then Purchase Price of the Common
Stock and other relevant factors on which the Company reasonably elects to rely), assuming the Company has sufficient authorized shares
at that time, and if it does not, within fifty (50) calendar days after such shares are authorized. The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such amendment and/or new Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the
filing thereof. 

(c)
 The Company shall make available to the Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement and its
legal counsel without charge (i) if requested by the Investor, promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC at least one
(1) copy of such Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated
therein by reference and all exhibits, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary prospectus)
and, with regards to such Registration Statement(s), any correspondence by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the
SEC and any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives; and (ii) upon the effectiveness
of any Registration Statement, the Company shall make available copies of the prospectus, via EDGAR, included in such Registration Statement
and all amendments and supplements thereto. 

(d)
 The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such states in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests;
(ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations
and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period; (iii) take such other actions
as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any
jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d) , or (y) subject itself to general taxation
in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company
of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale
under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation
or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. 

3 

(e)
 As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening
of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement
of a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading Registration Default and use all diligent
efforts to promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement and take any other necessary steps to cure the Registration
Default (which, if such Registration Statement is on Form S-3, may consist of a document to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant
to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act (as defined below) and to be incorporated by reference in the prospectus) to correct
such untrue statement or omission, and make available copies of such supplement or amendment to the Investor. The Company shall also
promptly notify the Investor (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when
the Registration Statement or any post- effective amendment has become effective; (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements
to the Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, (iii) of the Company s reasonable determination that
a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be appropriate, (iv) in the event the Registration Statement is no longer
effective, or (v) if the Registration Statement is stale as a result of the Company s failure to timely file its financials or
otherwise. If a Registration Default occurs during the period commencing on the Put Notice Date and ending on the Closing Date, the Company
acknowledges that its failure to cure such a Registration Default within ten (10) business days will cause the Investor to suffer damages
in an amount that will be difficult to ascertain. 

(f)
 The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction
and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and
to notify the Investor holding Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt
of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding concerning the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. 

(g)
 The Company shall permit the Investor and one (1) legal counsel, designated by the Investor, to review and comment upon the Registration
Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto at least one (1) calendar day prior to their filing with the SEC. However, any postponement
of a filing of a Registration Statement or any postponement of a request for acceleration or any postponement of the effective date or
effectiveness of a Registration Statement by written request of the Investor (collectively, the Investor s Delay shall not act to trigger any penalty of any kind, or any cash amount due or any in-kind amount due the Investor from the Company under
any and all agreements of any nature or kind between the Company and the Investor. The event(s) of an Investor s Delay shall act
to suspend all obligations of any kind or nature of the Company under any and all agreements of any nature or kind between the Company
and the Investor. 

(h)
 The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor unless (i) disclosure of
such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary to
avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant
to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, (iv) such information
has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other agreement, or (v)
the Investor has consented to such disclosure. The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning
the Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice
to the Investor and allow the Investor, at the Investor s expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or
to obtain a protective order covering such information. 

(i)
 The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to maintain designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities
covered by any Registration Statement on the Principal Market. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying
its obligations under this Agreement. 

(j)
 The Company shall provide a transfer agent for all the Registrable Securities not later than the effective date of the first Registration
Statement filed pursuant hereto. 

4 

(k)
 If requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) as soon as reasonably practical incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information as the Investor reasonably determines should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of
Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold
in such offering; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post- effective amendment as soon as reasonably possible
after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement
or make amendments to any Registration Statement if reasonably requested by the Investor. 

(l)
 The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by the applicable Registration
Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to facilitate the
disposition of such Registrable Securities. 

(m)
 The Company shall otherwise use all commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC
in connection with any registration hereunder. 

(n)
 Within one (1) business day after the Registration Statement which includes Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC,
the Company shall deliver to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities, with copies to the Investor, a written notification
that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC. 

Section
4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR . 

(a)
 At least five (5) calendar days prior to the first anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement the Company shall notify
the Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from the Investor for the Registration Statement. It shall be a condition
precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities
and the Investor agrees to furnish to the Company that information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities and the intended method
of disposition of the Registrable Securities as shall reasonably be required to effect the registration of the resale of such Registrable
Securities and the Investor shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.
The Investor covenants and agrees that, in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities by it pursuant to the Registration Statement,
it shall comply with the Plan of Distribution section of the then current prospectus relating to such Registration Statement. 

(b)
 The Investor, by its acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the
Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any Registration Statement hereunder. 

Section
5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION . 

All
reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions and other than as set forth in the Convertible Promissory Note,
incurred in connection with registrations including comments, filings or qualifications pursuant to Section 2 and Section 3 ,
including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printing and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company shall be paid by the Company. 

5 

Section
6. INDEMNIFICATION . 

In
the event any Registrable Securities are included in the Registration Statement under this Agreement: 

(a)
 To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company, under this Agreement, will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend
the Investor, the directors, officers, partners, employees, counsel, agents, representatives of, and each Person, if any, who controls,
the Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (each, an Indemnified Person ), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges,
costs, attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several (collectively, Claims ), incurred
in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing
by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether
or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto Indemnified Damages ), to which any of them may become
subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based
upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other blue sky 
laws of any jurisdiction in which the Investor has requested in writing that the Company register or qualify the Shares Blue
Sky Filing ), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the final prospectus for the offer of the Registrable Securities (as amended
or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to
state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements
therein were made, not misleading, or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, any other
law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the
Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively,
 Violations ). Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 6(b) the Company shall reimburse each Indemnified
Person, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred
by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a) : (i) shall not apply to a Claim arising out of or based upon a Violation
which is due to the inclusion in the Registration Statement of the information furnished to the Company by any Indemnified Person expressly
for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto; (ii) shall
not be available to the extent such Claim is based on (A) a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus
made available by the Company; (B) the Indemnified Person s use of an incorrect prospectus despite being promptly advised in advance
by the Company in writing not to use such incorrect prospectus; (C) the manner of sale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor
or of the Investor s failure to register as a dealer under applicable securities laws; (D) any omission of the Investor to notify
the Company of any material fact that should be stated in the Registration Statement or prospectus relating to the Investor or the manner
of sale; and (E) any amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the
Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to
the Registration Statement; and (iii) shall not be available to the extent the Claim arises out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of the Indemnified Person. 

6 

(b)
 Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of
any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6 , deliver to the indemnifying
party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent
the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be;
provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party, as the case may be, shall have the right to retain its own counsel
with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the Indemnified
Person or Indemnified Party, the representation by counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party
would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other
party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The indemnifying party shall pay for only one (1) separate legal counsel for the
Indemnified Persons or the Indemnified Parties, as applicable, and such counsel shall be selected by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such
action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying
party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding affected without its written consent; provided, however,
that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the
consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying
party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations
relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within
a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified
Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 , except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability
to defend such action. 

(c)
 The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party
or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant
to the law. 

Section
7. CONTRIBUTION . 

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted
by law; provided, however, that: (i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for
indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section 6 ; (ii) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable
Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be
limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities. 

7 

Section
8. REPORTS UNDER THE 1934 ACT . 

With
a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act or any other similar rule or regulation
of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration Rule
144 ), provided that the Investor holds any Registrable Securities which are eligible for resale under Rule 144 and such information
is necessary in order for the Investor to sell such Securities pursuant to Rule 144, the Company agrees to: 

(a)
 make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144; 

(b)
 file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act
so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Company s
obligations under the Convertible Promissory Note) and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable
provisions of Rule 144; and 

(c)
 furnish to the Investor, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements
of Rule 144, the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act applicable to the Company, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the
Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested
to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration. 

Section
9. NO ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS . 

This
Agreement and the rights, agreements or obligations hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law, merger or otherwise, and without
the prior written consent of the other party hereto, and any purported assignment by a party without prior written consent of the other
party will be null and void and not binding on such other party. Subject to the preceding sentence, all of the terms, agreements, covenants,
representations, warranties and conditions of this Agreement are binding upon, and inure to the benefit of and are enforceable by, the
parties and their respective successors and assigns. 

Section
10. AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS . 

The
provisions of this Agreement may be amended only with the written consent of the Company and the Investor. 

8 

Section
11. MISCELLANEOUS . 

(a)
 Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will
be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile or email with
the signed document attached in PDF format (provided a confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept
on file by the sending party); or (iii) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case
properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Company: 

CarbonMeta
Technologies, Inc. 

 13110
NE 177th Place, #145 

 Woodinville,
WA 98072 

If
to the Investor: 

Robert
Papiri Defined Benefit Plan 

 66
West Flagler Street 

 Suite
900 - #2292 

 Miami,
FL 33130 

Each
party shall provide five (5) business days prior notice to the other party of any change in address, phone number, facsimile number ore-mail
address. 

(b)
 Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right
or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof. 

(c)
 This Agreement and the Convertible Promissory Note constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to
herein and therein. 

(d)
 This Agreement and the Convertible Promissory Note supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

(e)
 The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.
Whenever required by the context of this Agreement, the singular shall include the plural and masculine shall include the feminine. This
Agreement shall not be construed as if it had been prepared by one of the parties, but rather as if all the parties had prepared the
same. 

(f)
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which
shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by
facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a PDF format of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering
this Agreement. 

(g)
 Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver
all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the
intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(h)
 In case any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive in scope or otherwise invalid
or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent possible,
and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section
12. CHOICE OF LAW . 

All
disputes arising under this agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, without
regard to principles of conflict of laws. 

. . 

9 

SIGNATURE
PAGE OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

Your
signature on this Signature Page evidences your agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Convertible Promissory Note
and the Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 

The
undersigned signatory hereby certifies that he has read and understands the Registration Rights Agreement, and the representations made
by the undersigned in this Registration Rights Agreement are true and accurate, and agrees to be bound by its terms. 

Robert
 Papiri Defined Benefit Plan 

By: 

Name: 
 Robert
Papiri 

Title: 
 Trustee 

CarbonMeta
 Technologies, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Lloyd
 T. Spencer 

Title: 
 President
and CEO 

Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

</EX-10.95>

<EX-10.96>
 5
 ex10-96.htm

Exhibit
10.96 

GULP
DATA, INC. 

 SAAS
AGREEMENT 

This
SaaS Agreement Agreement is entered into on 8/17/2022 (the Effective Date between
Gulp Data, Inc., with a place of business at 1250 Av. Juan Ponce de Le n, 3 rd Floor, San Juan, Puerto Rico, 00907 GulpData ),
and CarbonMeta Technologies Inc, a Delaware company, with a place of business at 13110 NE 177th Place, #145 Woodinville, WA 98072 Customer ).
There shall be no force or effect to any different terms of any related purchase order or similar form even if signed by the parties
after the date hereof. 

SECTION
1: DEFINITIONS 

As
used herein, the following terms shall have the following definitions: 

a) DataSet 
 means the raw form of Customer s data as set forth on Exhibit A, and any and all updates,
 upgrades and new data added by Customer to the DataSet during the Term of this Agreement. 

b) Lender
 Agreement means the lending agreement between Lender and Customer as set forth
 on Exhibit B. 

c) Lender 
 means the third party Lender set forth on Exhibit B. 

d) Services 
 means GulpData s cloud-based services as further described herein. 

e) Service
 Fee collectively means the implementation and hosting fees as set forth on Exhibit
 A. 

f) Natural
 Terminating Event means the end of the month following the full payment and satisfaction
 of all obligations due by Customer to Lender under the Lender Agreement. 

SECTION
2: GENERAL PROVISIONS 

2.1.
 About the Services . As a requirement under the Lender Agreement, Lender requires that Customer store the DataSet with GulpData
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Customer shall work with GulpData in good faith to set up, install, and maintain an interface
(the Interface between Customer s systems and the GulpData Service to allow for the real-time access and extraction
of the DataSet for the duration of the Term (as hereinafter defined in Section 5.1). Such DataSet shall be made available to GulpData
in an un-encrypted format, at all times. Customer shall not block, interfere or tamper with, or otherwise prohibit, the Interface from
accessing, analyzing and extracting the DataSet. Customer shall for the duration of the Term continue to update and service the DataSet.
Any such blocking, interfering, tampering or otherwise prohibiting such Interface, or failing to update or service the DataSet required
to be made available hereunder, shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement by Customer. In consideration for the Service Fees
set forth herein, and the other consideration provided to GulpData hereunder (including pursuant to Section 7 hereof), GulpData shall
store and maintain a copy of the DataSet in the Services during the Term. Customer hereby grants GulpData the right to access, store,
maintain, update and otherwise use the DataSet in order to provide the Services to Customer during the Term. 

2.2.
 Reliance on the Services; Assumption of the Risk . Customer acknowledges that the Services are provided for general storage purposes
only. Customer acknowledges further that any reliance on the Services is at Customer s own risk. Customer understands and agrees
that GulpData shall bear no liability or otherwise be responsible for delays in the provision of Services or any portion thereof. 

2.3.
 Restrictions and Responsibilities . In addition to the other restrictions set forth in this Agreement, Customer will not, directly
or indirectly, do any of the following: reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object
code or underlying structure, ideas, know-how or algorithms relevant to the Services or any Interface, software, documentation or data
related to the Services Software ); modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Services or any Software
(except to the extent permitted in writing by GulpData). Customer represents, covenants, and warrants that Customer will use the Services
only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable laws and regulations, and will not tamper with the Services or Software. Customer
shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use
the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, servers, software, operating systems, networking, web servers and the
like (collectively, Equipment ). Customer shall also be responsible for maintaining the security of the Equipment,
and for all uses of Customer s account or the Equipment with or without Customer s knowledge or consent. 

2.4.
 Authorized Users . Customer is responsible for compliance of this Agreement by its personnel (collectively, the Authorized
Users ). Additionally, Customer shall require Authorized Users to (i) keep all passwords used to access the Services confidential
and secure; (ii) not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or their related systems or networks; and (iii) not tamper with
the DataSet or the Interface. Customer shall not, and shall cause all Authorized Users not to, impersonate another user or provide false
user information or passwords or share accounts. Customer is solely responsible for the performance of all obligations under this Section,
and Authorized Users compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. 

1 

SECTION
3: USE OF THE SERVICES 

3.1.
 Right to Monitor . GulpData shall have the right to monitor Customer s use of the Services, and its obligations hereunder. 

3.2.
 Proprietary Information and Data Confidentiality . Each party (the Receiving Party understands that the other
party (the Disclosing Party has disclosed or may disclose business, technical or financial information relating
to the Disclosing Party s business that the Receiving Party knows or reasonably should know is confidential to the Disclosing Party
(hereinafter referred to as Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party). Proprietary Information of GulpData
includes non-public information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Service, and the Derived Data (defined in Section
9.3). Proprietary Information of Customer includes, but is not limited to, the DataSet. The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take reasonable
precautions to protect such Proprietary Information, and (ii) not to use (except in performance or development of the Services or as
otherwise permitted in this Agreement) or divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information. The Disclosing Party agrees that
the foregoing shall not apply with respect to (I) any information after three (3) years following the disclosure thereof; or (II) any
information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, or (b) was in its possession or
known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction by a third party, or
(d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party. A disclosure of Proprietary Information
which is required to be disclosed by law or by a regulatory authority is not a breach of this Agreement. Customer shall own all right,
title and interest in and to the DataSet, except for the rights expressly granted to GulpData hereunder. GulpData shall own and retain
all right, title and interest in and to (A) the Services and Software, all improvements, enhancements or modifications thereto, (B) any
software, applications, inventions or other technology developed in connection with implementation services, customer feedback or technical
support, (C) any Derived Data (as hereinafter defined in Section 9.3), and (D) all intellectual property rights related to any of the
foregoing. No rights or licenses are granted to the other party s Proprietary Information, except as expressly set forth herein. 

SECTION
4: FEES; TERMS OF PAYMENT; REFUNDS 

4.1.
 Service Fees . Customer shall pay the Service Fees (or have the Service Fees paid on their behalf by Lender) as compensation for
the Services performed by GulpData. All Service Fees paid hereunder shall be non-refundable. 

4.2.
 Invoicing . All Service Fees shall be due up front in advance of the Term. 

4.3.
 Form of Payment . Payment shall be made as requested by GulpData. 

4.4.
 Taxes . All Service Fees are exclusive of taxes, including, without limitation, any sales, use, excise, withholding or other taxes
based on the payment of any fees hereunder or use or access of the Services by Customer hereunder (collectively, Taxes ). 

SECTION
5: TERM AND TERMINATION 

5.1.
 Term . This Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter,
or as otherwise extended or earlier terminated as provided for under this Agreement (the Term ). 

5.2.
 Termination . Either party may terminate this Agreement for cause if the other party materially breaches this Agreement and such
breach is not cured within three (3) business days after written notice of the breach. In addition, this Agreement shall also terminate
on a Natural Terminating Event. 

5.3.
 No Refund of Fees . In no event shall any fees paid to GulpData be refunded, in whole or in part, for any reason or no reason whatsoever. 

5.4.
 Destruction of Customer Data . In the event this Agreement is terminated due to a Natural Terminating Event, GulpData shall delete
or destroy the DataSet held by GulpData in the Services. Except in the case of a Natural Terminating Event, Customer understands that
the DataSet will not be deleted or destroyed. 

5.5
 Survival . Sections 3, 4, 6, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

2 

SECTION
6: DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION 

6.1.
 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY . GULPDATA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES IT MAKE ANY
WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND GULPDATA
DISCLAIMS AND EXCLUDES ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 

6.2.
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY . GULPDATA SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY:
(I) LOST REVENUES, PROFITS, SAVINGS OR GOODWILL; OR (II) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. IN ADDITION,
THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF GULPDATA ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF SERVICES
FEES PAID BY CUSTOMER TO GULPDATA. 

6.3.
 INDEMNIFICATION . CUSTOMER AGREES TO, AS APPLICABLE, DEFEND OR TO ASSIST IN THE DEFENSE OF GULPDATA AND GULPDATA S AFFILIATES,
SUPPLIERS, VENDORS AND ITS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, USERS AND AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES ),
FROM AND AGAINST ALL CLAIMS, CAUSES OF ACTION, SUITS, PROCEEDINGS, EACH BROUGHT BY A THIRD PARTY, TO THE EXTENT ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED
TO (A) CUSTOMER S USE OF THE SERVICES; (B) CUSTOMER S NONCOMPLIANCE WITH OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT; (C) CUSTOMER S
VIOLATIONS OF ANY THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, INCLUDING THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS; OR (D) GULPDATA S PERMITTED USE OF THE
DATASET PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD INDEMNIFIED PARTIES HARMLESS FROM ALL RESULTING LIABILITIES, LOSSES,
DAMAGES, JUDGMENTS, SETTLEMENTS, COSTS AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS OF LITIGATION AND APPEAL. 

SECTION
7: LICENSE RIGHTS 

7.1
 License Grant Customer hereby grants GulpData the perpetual, royalty-free, unrestricted right and license to use, sell or otherwise
distribute the DataSet, in whole, in part or aggregated with other data, provided however that GulpData may not sell or otherwise distribute
the DataSet, in whole, in part or aggregated with other data, for any commercial purposes unless: (a) Customer has breached this Agreement,
in any manner and for any reason, including, without limitation, any obstruction or tampering of the Interface, and has failed to cure
such breach within the cure period set forth in Section 5.2, or (b) Customer has defaulted or otherwise violated the terms of the Lender
Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof. 

SECTION
8: GOVERNING LAW; ARBITRATION 

8.1.
 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard
to its conflicts of law provisions. Each of the parties hereto agrees to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in
Kent County, Delaware, and any cause of action that relates to or arises from this Agreement and/or the Services must be filed therein
unless subject to the binding arbitration provisions of Section 8.2. 

8.2.
 Arbitration . The parties agree that any dispute concerning, relating, or referring to this Agreement and/or the Services shall
be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration administered by JAMS in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware
and shall be brought for arbitration in Kent County, Delaware, pursuant to the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, which
are deemed incorporated by reference into this Section 8.2.. The arbitrator and not any federal, state, or local court or agency shall
have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, conscionability, or formation
of this Agreement, including but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable. Nothing herein
prevents either party from seeking any interim injunction it deems necessary in order to preserve the status quo prior to the resolution
of any dispute, in any jurisdiction. 

3 

SECTION
9: MISCELLANEOUS 

9.1.
 Authority . Each party represents and warrants to the other that it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
that it is binding upon such party and enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy or insolvency
laws and subject to principles of equity. 

9.2.
 Waiver . Any waiver of a right under this Agreement shall only be effective if agreed or declared in writing. Any delay in exercising
a right or the non-exercise of a right shall not be deemed a waiver and shall not prevent a party from exercising that right in the future.
The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights and remedies provided by law. 

9.3.
 Derived Data . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, GulpData shall have (and Customer consents to GulpData
having) the right to collect, analyze and appraise data and other information relating to the provision, use and performance of the Services,
including, without limitation, information concerning the DataSet and data derived therefrom, (including by use of scripts, crawlers
and other tools implemented by GulpData) (such data and information to be collectively referred to herein as Derived Data ).
GulpData shall own all right, title and interest in and to the Derived Data. Customer acknowledges that GulpData may use, sell, or otherwise
distribute the Derived Data as it sees fit, subject to Section 3.2, including for use in improving and enhancing the Services and for
other development, diagnostic and corrective purposes in connection with the Services and other GulpData offerings, and for any other
legal purposes. No rights or licenses to the Derived Data are granted to Customer hereunder. 

9.4.
 Force Majeure . Each party hereto shall not be bound to meet any obligation if prevented from doing so as a consequence of acts
of God or force majeure, including but not limited to measures taken or imposed by any government or public authority or in case of any
other event beyond the control of us, including but not limited to natural disasters (such as storm, hurricane, fire, flood, earthquake),
war, civil unrest, terrorist activities, states of emergency, government sanctions, embargos, nationalizations, strikes and breakdowns
of public utilities (such as of electricity or telecommunication services). The affected party shall use all reasonable efforts to notify
the other party of the circumstances causing the delay and to resume performance as soon as possible, both without undue delay. 

9.5.
 Assignment . GulpData shall have the right to assign and/or transfer this Agreement and GulpData s rights and obligations
hereunder to any third party after notifying Customer as provided for herein. Customer agrees and acknowledges that Customer shall not
assign or transfer its rights or subcontract or delegate the performance of any of its rights under this Agreement without GulpData s
prior written consent which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any purported assignment or transfer in violation
of this paragraph is void. 

9.6.
 Rights of Third Parties . This Agreement does not give any right to any third party unless explicitly stated herein. 

9.7.
 Relationship of the Parties . The parties are independent contractors under this Agreement, and nothing herein shall be construed
to create a partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between them. Neither party has authority to enter into any agreement of
any kind in the name of the other party. 

9.8.
 Severability . If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable by applicable law, then the invalid or
unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original
provision and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in effect. 

9.9.
 Notices . Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices shall be given in writing and delivered by email or postal mail to,
as applicable, the email address set forth in the signature page or the address first set forth above, as each may be amended from time-to-time. 

9.10.
 Publicity . Customer grants a perpetual and irrevocable license to GulpData to reference Customer on public customer lists and
to use Customer s name and logo in press releases, advertising material and other promotional material. GulpData may, subject to
Customer s written approval, also publish a case study outlining the success of the relationship established by this Agreement,
provided that it does not disclose any Proprietary Information. 

9.11.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Exhibits hereto contain the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject
matter of this Agreement. All prior agreements and understandings on the subject matter are expressly merged into this Agreement. No
other agreements, covenants, representations or warranties, express or implied, oral or written, have been made by the parties hereto
concerning this Agreement. 

(signature
page to follow) 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, THE CUSTOMER AND GULP DATA HAVE CAUSED THIS AGREEMENT TO BE DULY EXECUTED BY THEIR RESPECTIVE DULY AUTHORIZED OFFICERS
AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN. 

GULP
 DATA, INC. 
 
 CARBONMETA
 TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

By: 

By: 

(Signature) 

(Signature) 

Name:
 
 Lauren
 Cascio 
 
 Name: 
 Lloyd
 Spencer 

Title: 
 Chairman 
 
 Title: 
 CEO 

5 

Exhibit
A 

Data
Set; Service Fees 

DataSet
Details : 

1. Connecticut
 Business Case : Complete business model for processing of plastics waste into high value
 hydrogen and carbon, including presentation and pro-forma P L 
 
 2. West
 Virginia Business Case : Complete business model for processing of coal waste into high value
 carbon, including presentation and pro-forma P L 
 
 3. Data
 Files : list of active coal plants, which are target customers for the West Virginia Business
 Case data set 
 
 4. Silicon
 Carbide Study : complete and recent study on silicon carbide marketplace 

Service
Fees : The Service Fees for the Term shall be: 

Implementation
Fees: 1,500 

 Hosting
Fees: 3.500 

__________________________________ 

 Total
Service Fees: 5,000 

Payment
Instructions: 

Beneficiary
Name: Gulp Data Inc. 

Account
Number: XXXXXX 

Type
of Account: Checking 

Beneficiary
Address: 1250 Ponce de Leon Ave, STE 301 San Juan, San Juan 00907 

Receiving
Bank Details: ABA# 084106768 - Evolve Bank Trust 

Bank
Address: 6070 Poplar Ave, Suite 200 Memphis, TN 38119 

Payment
Terms : The Services Fees shall be paid in advance. 

6 

Exhibit
B 

Copy
of Loan Agreement 

7 

</EX-10.96>

<EX-10.97>
 6
 ex10-97.htm

Exhibit
10.97 

LOAN
AGREEMENT 

This
LOAN AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, modified and/or supplemented, from time to time, this Agreement ), dated
as of 8/16/2022 , is made by and among CarbonMeta Technologies Inc., a Delaware company Borrower ), and Michael
Sobeck Lender ). 

Background
of Agreement 

The
Borrower has requested that Lender provide a 30,000 term loan (the Term Loan for the purposes set forth
herein. 

Lender
is willing to make the Term Loan available to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

Article
1 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1
 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section 1.1 unless
the context otherwise requires. 

Affiliate :
with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, (i) Controls or
is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified or (ii) beneficially owns, is owned by or is under common
ownership with respect to Capital Stock of such Person having 10 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding
securities or other ownership interests of such Person ordinarily (and apart from rights accruing under special circumstances)
having the right to vote in the election of directors or other governing body of such Person. 

Agreement : 
the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

Borrower :
the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

Business
Day : any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or day which shall be in the State of Delaware a legal holiday or day on which banking
institutions are required or authorized to close. 

Capital
Lease : a lease with respect to which the lessee is required to recognize the acquisition of an asset and/or the incurrence of
a liability in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Lease
Obligation : with respect to any Capital Lease, the amount of the obligation of the lessee thereunder which would in accordance
with GAAP appear on a balance sheet of such lessee in respect of such Capital Lease; provided however, that any lease that is accounted
for by any Person as an operating lease as of the Closing Date and any similar lease entered into after the Closing Date by any Person
shall be accounted for as an operating lease. 

Capital
Stock : any class of preferred, common or other capital stock, share capital or similar equity interest of a Person, including
any partnership interest in any partnership or limited partnership and any membership interest in any limited liability company. 

Closing
Date : shall mean the date on which all of the conditions set forth in Article 3 shall have been satisfied or waived by Lender
and the Term Loan is initially funded provided however that if the Closing Date does not occur on or before August 22, 2022, or such later
date as Lender, in its sole discretion, shall determine, then the Lender shall have no obligation to close hereunder or to fund the Term
Loan. 

Code :
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or its predecessor or successor, as applicable, and any Treasury regulations, revenue rulings
or technical information releases issued thereunder. 

Commitment :
the commitment to make the Term Loan specified in Section 2.1.1 hereof. 

Control :
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether
through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled 
have meanings correlative thereto. 

DataSet :
 _____________________________________________________________________________________. 

Debtor
Relief Laws : the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment
for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the
United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Default :
any condition or event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default. 

Event of Default :
the meaning specified in Section 7.1. 

GAAP :
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States consistently applied, as in effect from time to time. 

Governmental
Authority : the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof,
whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including
any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Indebtedness :
means all the following: 

(a)
all indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(b)
all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments; 

(c)
all obligations under a guaranty or other instrument pursuant to which the Borrower may have any liability with respect to any Indebtedness;
and 

(d)
all Capital Lease Obligations of the Borrower. 

Indemnitee :
the meaning specified in Section 9.9.2. 

Interest
Rate : shall equal twelve percent (12 per annum. 

Law :
all common law and all applicable provisions of constitutions, laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, treaties, regulations, permits, licenses,
approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities and all orders and decrees of all courts and arbitrators. 

Loan
Documents : this Agreement, the Note and any and all agreements and instruments executed by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement,
as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 

Material
Adverse Change : any event, change, circumstance, effect or other matter, other than in the ordinary and usual course of business,
that has a material adverse change in the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower. 

Maturity
Date : the earlier of (i) the date set forth in the Note, or (ii) such earlier date as the Obligations are accelerated pursuant
to the terms hereof. 

Monthly
Payment Date : The first Business Day of each month (at least 15 days from the date of the Note) and the Maturity Date. 

Note :
the promissory note, in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A, delivered by the Borrower to the Lender (including any successors
or assigns thereof) pursuant to this Agreement (including any amendments, modifications or supplements which may from time to time, be
created in respect of such notes), and any replacement promissory notes issued in lieu of the foregoing. 

Obligations :
any and all indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of any type or nature, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or not due,
liquidated or unliquidated, arising by operation of law or otherwise, now existing or hereafter arising or created of the Borrower to
the Lender, related to the Term Loan or represented by or incurred pursuant or relating to the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include: 

(a)
principal of, and interest on the Term Loan and the Note; and 

(b)
any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers from time to time under or in connection with
the Loan Documents. 

Organizational
Documents : The Borrower s certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement and any amendments thereto. 

Person :
any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority
or other entity. 

Related
Parties : with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers and employees, of such
Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 

SaaS
Agreement : the meaning specified in Section 8.1. 

Solvent :
a condition of a Person on a particular date, whereby on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than
the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets
of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they
become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities
beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a
transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an
unreasonably small capital. In computing the amount of contingent liabilities at any time, it is intended that such liabilities will
be computed at the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can
reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

Term
Loan : has the meaning set forth in the Background Section hereof. 

Article
2 

THE
LOAN 

2.1 Term Loan. 

2.1.1 Commitment
to Make Term Loan . Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Lender agrees to make the Term
Loan to the Borrower on the Closing Date in the principal amount of US 30,000. The Term Loan amount shall include any Borrower expenditures
as set forth on Exhibit B hereto Supplier Expenditures ). Lender shall pay the Supplier Expenditures directly to the vendors
and entities as set forth on Exhibit B, on behalf of Borrower. The remaining amount under the Term Loan, after deducting the Supplier
Expenditures, shall be provided to Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof. 

2.1.2 Payments .
The Term Loan shall be interest-only and the Borrower shall make monthly payments of interest only, based on the Interest Rate, on the
outstanding principal hereof, such payments to be applied by Lender to the unpaid and accrued interest due hereunder, commencing on the
first Monthly Payment Date following the Closing Date and continuing on each Monthly Payment Date thereafter. All amounts of principal
relating to the Term Loan and all other Obligations shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date. The schedule of payments under this
Agreement is set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

2.1.3 Voluntary
Prepayment . The Borrower may repay the Term Loan at any time, in whole or in part, together with accrued interest thereon through
such date and any other unpaid fees, charges or other advances accrued and owing to Lender as of such date. 

2.2 Note .
The aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan shall be evidenced by the Note. Upon receipt of an affidavit of an officer of Lender
as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of the Note, and in the case of any such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation, upon
cancellation of the Note, the Borrower shall issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note. 

2.3 Interest . 

2.3.1 Rates .
All Obligations shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Interest Rate.
Interest shall be payable monthly in arrears on each Monthly Payment Date, commencing with the first Monthly Payment Date after the
Closing Date. All computations of interest shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days, but charged
for the actual number of days elapsed. 

2.4 Purpose .
The proceeds of the Term Loan shall be used by the Borrower to fund working capital. 

2.5 Manner
of Making Payments . All payments or disbursements under this Agreement or other Loan Documents shall be made in United States
Dollars in immediately available funds, without counterclaim or setoff and free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding
for, any taxes or other payments. 

2.6 Convertible
Note Option. Borrower and Lender mutually agree that this Loan Agreement may be replaced in its entirety with a Convertible Note
in the future. If the Borrower and Lender mutually agree to replace this Loan Agreement with a future Convertible Note, then the future
Convertible Note Issue Date shall be the same as this Loan Agreement execution date; the future Convertible Note Principal shall be equivalent
to the outstanding principal and interest of this this Loan Agreement on the date that the future Convertible Note replaces this Loan
Agreement; the interest rate of the future Convertible Note shall be the same as this Loan Agreement; and the conversion price shall
be 70 of the weighted average price of OTCPink:COWI for the previous consecutive 5 trading days on the date that the future Convertible
Note shall have been signed and executed. 

Article
3 

CONDITIONS
TO FUNDINGS 

3.1 Conditions
to Initial Funding . The Lender shall not be required to fund the Term Loan on the Closing Date until the following conditions
are satisfied or waived in writing: 

3.1.1 Execution
of this Agreement . The Borrower and the Lender shall each have duly executed and delivered this Agreement. 

3.1.2 Note .
 The Borrower shall have delivered the Note duly executed by an authorized representative of the Borrower to the Lender. 

3.1.3 SaaS
Agreement . Borrower shall have executed and delivered the SaaS Agreement in accordance with Section 8 hereof. 

3.1.4 No
Default . There shall not exist a Default or Event of Default. 

3.1.5 Representations
and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties of the Borrower shall be true and correct in all respects (or in all
material respects if any such representation or warranty is not by its terms already qualified as to materiality) as of the Closing Date
(both immediately prior to and after giving effect to the Term Loan) as if made on and as of such date. 

Article
4 

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES 

In
order to induce the Lender to enter into this Agreement and to make the Term Loan contemplated by this Agreement, the Borrower hereby
makes the following representations and warranties: 

4.1 Status .
The Borrower is a duly organized and validly existing limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
The Borrower has the power and authority to own its property and assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged. 

4.2 Power
and Authority; Enforceability . The Borrower has the power to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of the Loan
Documents, and the Borrower has taken all necessary action (including any consent of members required by Law or by its Organizational
Documents) to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents. The Loan Documents constitute the authorized,
valid and legally binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by applicable Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity. 

4.3 Compliance
with Laws . The Borrower is in compliance with all applicable Laws where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Change. 

4.4 Indebtedness .
Other than as set forth on Exhibit C, the Borrower has no other Indebtedness. 

4.5 Litigation .
No action, suit or proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened against or affecting Borrower except actions, suits
and proceedings which, if adversely determined, would not materially impair the ability of the Borrower to perform their obligations
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which they are parties. 

4.6 No
Default . No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

4.7 Accuracy
and Completeness of Disclosure . This Agreement and the other documents, certificates or instruments delivered to the Lender by
or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with this Agreement when taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained in this Agreement and in such other documents,
certificates or instruments not misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made. 

Article
5 

INFORMATION 

5.1 Delivery
of Information . With reasonable promptness, but no later than three (3) business days following Lender s request, the Borrower
shall deliver such other information respecting the business, operations and financial condition of itself as the Lender may from time
to time reasonably request. In addition, the Borrower shall promptly (but in any event not less than monthly) provide to Lender any and
all updated information with respect to the DataSet. 

Article
6 

COVENANTS 

The
Borrower covenants that from the date of this Agreement, and for so long as any of the Obligations remain unpaid (other than contingent
indemnification and expense reimbursement obligations for which no claim has been made), it shall comply with each of the covenants set
forth in this Article 6. 

6.1 Existence .
The Borrower shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its limited liability company existence. 

6.2 Compliance
with Law . The Borrower shall comply with all Laws, and obtain or maintain all permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations
and approvals necessary for the ownership, acquisition and disposition of its properties and the conduct of its business the failure
of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

6.3 Maintain
DataSet . The Borrower shall not do anything, and Borrower will use its best efforts to prevent any other Person from doing anything,
to impair the DataSet. 

6.4 Further
Assurances . At its sole cost and expense, upon the request of the Lender, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Lender
such further instruments and do or cause to be done such further acts as may be necessary or proper in the reasonable opinion of the
Lender to carry out more effectively the provisions and purpose of this Agreement, the SaaS Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Article
7 

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT 

7.1
 Events of Default . Event of Default wherever used herein means any one of the following events
(whatever the reason for such Event of Default, whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of Law or pursuant
to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental instrumentality): 

7.1.1 Failure
to Pay Principal, Interest, Fees, Etc. If the Borrower shall fail to make any payment of (i) the principal of the Term Loan,
(ii) interest on the Term Loan, or (iii) any other amounts owing hereunder (other than principal or interest) on the dates when the same
shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

7.1.2 Misrepresentations .
If any representation or warranty made (a) by the Borrower in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document or (b) by the Borrower or
any other Person (other than the Lender) in any document or certificate executed by or on behalf of the Borrower and furnished
pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, shall be false or misleading in any respect (or in any material respect if
such representation or warranty is not by its terms already qualified as to materiality) when made or deemed made; or 

7.1.3 Covenant
Defaults . If there shall occur a default in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant or agreement to be performed
or observed by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, the SaaS Agreement (including Section 8 below) or any other Loan Document; or 

7.1.4 Insolvency .
(a) If the Borrower shall (i) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or a composition with creditors, (ii) generally not be
paying its debts as they mature, (iii) admit its inability to pay its debts as they mature, (iv) file a petition in bankruptcy, (v) become
insolvent (howsoever such insolvency may be evidenced), (vi) be adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt, (vii) petition or apply to any tribunal
for the appointment of any receiver, custodian, liquidator or trustee of or for it or any substantial part of its property or assets,
or (viii) commence any proceeding relating to it under any Debtor Relief Law of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect;
or (b) if there shall be commenced against the Borrower any such proceeding or an order, judgment or decree approving the petition in
any such proceeding shall be entered against the Borrower; or (c) if the Borrower shall have concealed, removed, or permitted to be concealed
or removed, any part of its property, with intent to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors, or any of them, or shall have made or suffered
a transfer of any of its property which may be fraudulent under any Debtor Relief Law, fraudulent conveyance or similar law; or (d) if
any of the Borrower shall have made any transfer of its property to or for the benefit of a creditor which constitutes a preferential
transfer under any Debtor Relief Law; or (e) if the Borrower shall have suffered or permitted, while insolvent, any creditor to obtain
a lien upon any of its property through legal proceedings or distraint; or (f) if the Borrower is not at any time Solvent; or 

7.1.5 Notice
and Opportunity to Cure . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and any other Loan Document, Lender shall not
accelerate the maturity of a Loan (a) because of a Monetary Default (as hereinafter defined), unless the Monetary Default is not cured
within two Business Days of its due date, or (b) because of a Non-Monetary Default (as hereinafter defined) that is reasonably capable
of being cured, unless such Non-Monetary Default is not cured within five Business Days after the date on which Lender transmits by electronic
mail (email), or delivers written notice of the nonmonetary default to Borrower. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Monetary
Default means a failure by the Borrower to make any payment required of it pursuant to the Note or any other Loan Document, and
the term Non-Monetary Default means a failure by the Borrower or any other Person procured by the Borrower or acting on
its behalf to perform or observe any material obligation contained in the Loan Documents, other than the obligation to make payments
provided for in the Loan Documents. 

7.2
 Acceleration; Remedies . 

7.2.1 Acceleration
upon Insolvency . Unless waived in writing by the Lender, then upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event described
in Section 7.1.4, the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan, and interest accrued, if any, thereon, and all other amounts accrued
under the Loan Documents, shall be immediately due and payable by the Borrower without presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest
or other notice of dishonor of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. 

7.2.2 Acceleration
upon Other Defaults . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default other than any event described in
Section 7.1.4, or at any time thereafter if any Event of Default shall then be continuing, the Lender may by written notice to the Borrower,
declare the entire outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan or any portion thereof, and interest accrued, if any, thereon and all
other amounts due and/or accrued hereunder or under the Loan Documents, to be immediately due and payable by the Borrower. 

7.2.3 Remedies
in General . In the event of acceleration pursuant to Section 7.2.1 or Section 7.2.2, all outstanding principal amount and any
accrued interest, fees, and any other amounts accrued, due and payable under the Loan Documents shall thereupon become and be immediately
due and payable, and the Lender may proceed to protect and enforce its rights under the Loan Documents in any manner or order it deems
expedient under Law, without regard to any equitable principles of marshaling or otherwise. In addition to all other rights hereunder
or under Law, the Lender shall have the right to institute proceedings in equity or other appropriate proceedings for the specific performance
of any covenant or agreement made in any of the Loan Documents or for an injunction against the violation of any of the terms of any
of the Loan Documents or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in any of the Loan Documents or by Law or otherwise. All rights
and remedies given by this Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any of such rights or
remedies or of any other rights or remedies available to each of the parties hereto, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto,
or any delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy shall operate as a waiver of any right or remedy, and every right and remedy
may be exercised from time to time and as often as shall be deemed appropriate by each of the parties hereto. 

Article
8 

SAAS
AGREEMENT 

8.1 SaaS
Agreement . In addition to any other consideration for the granting of the Term Loan, Borrower agrees that during the term of
this Agreement, Borrower shall store and update the DataSet in a SaaS Agreement SaaS Agreement with Gulp Data, Inc. GulpData ).
Borrower further agrees that it shall not block, interfere or tamper with, or otherwise prohibit, the accessing and extracting of the
DataSet, and will grant GulpData the license rights to the DataSet, all in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SaaS Agreement.
Failure by Borrower to comply with this Section 8, unless waived in writing by the Lender, shall be considered an Event of Default hereunder. 

Article
9 

MISCELLANEOUS 

9.1
 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication . 

9.1.1 Notices
Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and
other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered to Borrower or Lender, as applicable, by hand or
overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by electronic mail (email) at its address given in the signature
page, or such other address as that party may hereinafter provide from time to time pursuant to Section 9.1.2. 

Notices
sent by hand or overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by electronic mail (email) shall
be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to
have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). 

9.1.2 Change
of Address, Etc . Any party hereto may change its address or email address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice
to the other parties hereto. 

9.2 No
Implied Waivers . No failure or delay on the part of each of the parties hereto in exercising any right, power or privilege under
the Loan Documents and no course of dealing between Borrower, on the one hand, and the Lender, on the other hand, shall operate as a
waiver of any such right, power or privilege. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under the Loan Documents
precludes any other or further exercise of any such right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
The rights and remedies expressly provided in the Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which the
parties hereto would otherwise have. No notice to or demand on either of the parties hereto in any case shall entitle such party to any
other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or shall constitute a waiver of the right of the other party to take
any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand. Any waiver that is given shall be effective only if in writing
and only for the limited purposes expressly stated in the applicable waiver. 

9.3 Severability .
Every provision of the Loan Documents is intended to be severable. If any term or provision of the Loan Documents shall be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable for any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired
thereby. Any invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any term or provision of the Loan Documents in any jurisdiction shall not
affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. 

9.4 Amendments .
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument describing such amendment or
modification executed by the parties hereto. 

9.5 Successors
and Assigns . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, provided however that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Lender, and further provided that the Lender may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon
any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns) any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

9.6
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc . 

9.6.1 Governing
Law . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract
or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan
Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware. 

9.6.2 Jurisdiction .
Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or
description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the the other party, or any Affiliate of
the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any
forum other than the courts of the State of Delaware, and of the United States District Court for Delaware, and any appellate court from
any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that
all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such court of the State of Delaware,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in
any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in
any other manner provided by law. 

9.6.3 Waiver
of Venue . Each of the parties hereto and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in Section 9.6.2 of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

9.7 Maximum
Lawful Interest Rate . If, at any time, the rate of interest, together with all amounts that constitute interest and that are
reserved, charged or taken hereunder as compensation for fees, services or expenses incidental to the making, negotiating or collecting
of the Term Loan, shall be deemed by a court of law with competent jurisdiction, or other Governmental Authority with competent jurisdiction
or a tribunal to exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged by the Lender to the Borrower under Law, then, during such
time as such rate of interest would be deemed excessive, that portion of each sum paid attributable to that portion of such interest
rate that exceeds the maximum rate of interest so permitted shall be deemed a voluntary prepayment of the principal amount of the Term
Loan, and the outstanding principal amount thereafter due and payable pursuant to this Agreement and the Note shall be amended to reflect
such prepayment. 

9.8
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic
Execution . 

9.8.1 Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.
Subject to Section 3.1, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each of the parties hereto and
when the Lender shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of all of the parties hereto.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic (i.e., pdf or
 tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. 

9.8.2 Electronic
Execution . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this
Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each
of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global
and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state Laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act. 

9.9
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . 

9.9.1 Costs
and Expenses. Each of the parties hereto shall bear its own legal and other costs and expenses incurred in relation to the preparation,
execution, performance or enforcement of this Agreement and any other Loan Document. 

9.9.2 Indemnification
by the Borrower . Borrower shall indemnify the Lender and each Affiliate of Lender (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, incurred by such Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person other than
such Indemnitee and its Affiliates arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (a)(i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement,
any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) the performance by the parties hereto of
their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, or (iii) the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (b)
the Term Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom or (c) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation
or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party,
and regardless of whether such Indemnitee is a named party thereto; provided however that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee,
be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted from the negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Affiliates or (y) result from
a claim brought by Borrower against an Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties for breach in bad faith of the Indemnitee s obligations
hereunder or under any other Loan Document. This Section 9.9.2 shall not apply with respect to taxes other than any taxes that represent
losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-tax claim. 

9.9.3 Waiver
of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, Borrower shall not assert, and Borrower hereby
waives, any claim against the Lender, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed
to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement
or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the Term Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.
The Lender shall not be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed
by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

9.9.4 Payments .
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable immediately upon written demand thereof. 

9.10 Records .
The outstanding principal amount of theTerm Loan, and the unpaid interest accrued thereon, may be ascertained from the records of Lender,
which in the absence of any manifest error be deemed as conclusive evidence thereof. 

9.11 Commissions
and Brokerage Fees . The Borrower agrees to indemnify Lender from any responsibility and liability for the payment of any commission,
charge or brokerage fee to any person or entity which may be payable in connection with the making, purchase or refinancing, of the Loan,
and any such commission, charge or brokerage fee will be paid directly by Borrower to the party or parties entitled thereto. 

9.12 Integration
Clause . This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, any fee letters and any other related or ancillary documents
incorporated herein or therein by reference and all related exhibits and schedules, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the
parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. 

9.13 Waiver
of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER
PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTy HERETO
HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower and the Lender have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective duly authorized officers
as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER: 
 
 LENDER: 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Lloyd
 Spencer 
 
 Name: 
 Michael
 Sobeck 
 
 Title: 
 CEO 
 
 Title: 

Address:
 13110 NE 177th Place, #145 Woodinville, WA 98072 
 
 Address:
 1250 Ponce de Leon Ave, STE 600 San Juan, San Juan 00907 

Email: 
 lspencer@carbonmetatech.com 
 
 Email: 
 wwxc@yahoo.com 

Secondary Contact: 
 
 Secondary Contact: 
 
 Email: 

Email: 

EXHIBIT
A 

FORM
OF NOTE 

30,000 
 Date:
 8/16/2022 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED and intending to be legally bound, the undersigned, CarbonMeta Technologies Inc. Borrower ), hereby promises
to pay, in lawful money of the United States of America, to the order of Michael Sobeck, an individual Lender ), the maximum
aggregate principal sum of thirty thousand United States Dollars (US 30,0000) or if less, the aggregate outstanding principal balance
outstanding under the Term Loan established pursuant to the provisions of that certain Loan Agreement dated of even date herewith, between
Borrower and Lender, as it may be amended, restated, modified and/or supplemented, from time to time (the Loan Agreement ).
The interest and outstanding principal balance hereunder shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement. The actual
amount due and owing from time to time hereunder shall be evidenced by Lender s records of receipts and disbursements with respect
to the Term Loan, which shall, in the absence of manifest error, be deemed as conclusive evidence of the amount. All capitalized terms
used herein without further definition shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Loan Agreement. 

This
Term Loan Note is that certain Note referred to in the Loan Agreement. 

Borrower
further agrees to pay interest on the outstanding principal balance hereunder from time to time at the per annum rates set forth in the
Loan Agreement. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days but charged for the actual number of days elapsed, and
shall be due and payable as set forth in the Loan Agreement. 

All
amounts payable by Borrower to Lender hereunder shall be paid to Lender in accordance with the Loan Agreement in immediately available
funds. 

Unless
extended in writing, all outstanding principal, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts due and owing under the Loan
Documents, shall be paid in full by Borrower on or before the date that is exactly one year from the closing date (the Maturity
Date ). 

If
an Event of Default occurs and is continuing under the Loan Agreement, the unpaid principal balance of this Term Loan Note along with
all accrued and unpaid interest and unpaid fees and expenses shall become, or may be declared, immediately due and payable as provided
in the Loan Agreement. 

This
Term Loan Note may be prepaid at any time in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement. 

Borrower
hereby waives demand, presentment, protest, notice of protest and dishonor, nonpayment and all other demands or notices of any kind in
connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, dishonor or enforcement of this Term Loan Note. 

This
Term Loan Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware. The provisions of this
Term Loan Note are to be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect or impair the remaining
provisions of this Term Loan Note which shall continue in full force and effect. No modification hereof shall be binding or enforceable
against Lender unless approved in writing by Lender. 

BORROWER
(AND LENDER BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF) HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LITIGATION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING WITH RESPECT TO RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR WITH RESPECT
TO ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY DISCUSSIONS, NEGOTIATIONS OR COMMUNICATIONS INVOLVING OR RELATED TO ANY PROPOSED RENEWAL, EXTENSION,
AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, RESTRUCTURE, FORBEARANCE, WORKOUT, OR ENFORCEMENT OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER OR UNDER THE OTHER
LOAN DOCUMENTS. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Borrower has caused this Term Loan Note to be executed by its duly authorized
officer as of the day and year first above written. 

CARBONMETA
 TECHNOLOGIES LLC 

By: 

Name: 
 Lloyd
 Spencer 

Title: 
 CEO 

EXHIBIT
A 

EXPENDITURE
PAYMENTS 

List
out amounts and vendors, and vendor addresses 

Implementation
 Fees: 1,500 

Maintenance
 Fees: 3,500 

Total
 Service Fees: 5,000 

Payment
Instructions: 

Beneficiary
Name: Gulp Data, Inc. 

Account
Number: XXXXXX 

Routing:
 XXXXXX 

Type
of Account: Checking 

Beneficiary
Address: 1250 Ponce de Leon Ave, STE 301 San Juan, San Juan 00907 

Receiving
Bank Details: Evolve Bank Trust 

Bank
Address: 6070 Poplar Ave, Suite 200, Memphis, TN 38119 

EXHIBIT
B 

INDEBTEDNESS 

List
out any other existing loans / debt including any security interest (if any) 

Previously
Provided to Lender 

EXHIBIT
C 

SCHEDULE
OF PAYMENTS 

Payment 
 Date 
 Amount 
 Detail 
 
 0 
 8/22/2022 
 0.00 
 Funding Date 
 
 1 
 9/1/2022 
 0.00 

2 
 10/1/2022 
 300.00 

3 
 11/1/2022 
 300.00 

4 
 12/1/2022 
 300.00 

5 
 1/1/2023 
 300.00 

6 
 2/1/2023 
 300.00 

7 
 3/1/2023 
 300.00 

8 
 4/1/2023 
 300.00 

9 
 5/1/2023 
 300.00 

10 
 6/1/2023 
 300.00 

11 
 7/1/2023 
 300.00 

12 
 Due Date 
 30,600.00 
 Funding Date + 12 months 

Payment
Instructions: 

Beneficiary
Name: Michael Sobeck 

Account
Number: XXXXXXX 

Routing:
 XXXXXX 

Type
of Account: Checking 

Beneficiary
Address: 305 Calle Villamil Apt 2010, San Juan, PR 00907 

Receiving
Bank Details: Bank of America 

</EX-10.97>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Lloyd Spencer, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing
 and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based
 on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
 of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: April 20, 2023 

/s/ Lloyd
 Spencer 

Lloyd Spencer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Lloyd Spencer, Principal Financial Officer of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing
 and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based
 on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
 of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: April 20, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Lloyd
 Spencer 

Lloyd Spencer 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of CarbonMeta Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lloyd Spencer, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 20, 2023 
 /s/
 Lloyd Spencer 

Lloyd Spencer 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 cowi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 cowi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 cowi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 cowi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

