<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1803737_0001803737-23-000051.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12461909</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>422731</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2107352</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4699621</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2586206</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2412157</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001803737-23-000051.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414163542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001803737-23-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enhabit, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803737
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HOME HEALTH CARE SERVICES [8082]
		IRS NUMBER:				472409192
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41406
		FILM NUMBER:		23821669

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6688 N. CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY, SUITE 1300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75206
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4696216419

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6688 N. CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY, SUITE 1300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Encompass Health Home Health Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001803737-23-000051.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 ehab-20221231.htm
 10-K

ehab-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15d OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to ________ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer Identification number) 

, 
 (Zip code) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transaction period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, there was no established public market for the registrant s common stock. The registrant s common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 1, 2022. The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 1, 2022 was billion (based on the last reported sale price on the New York Stock Exchange as of such date). 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of April 11, 2023. 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 Part I 
 1 
 Item 1. Business . 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 31 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 31 
 Item 3. Legal Proceeding s. 
 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 33 
 Part II 
 34 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 
 34 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] . 
 35 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks . 
 50 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 50 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 50 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 50 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 51 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 
 51 
 Part III 
 52 
 Item 10. Directors , Executive Officers , and Corporate Governance . 
 52 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 52 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 52 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 52 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 52 
 Part IV 
 F- 1 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement s . 
 F- 1 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 54 
 SIGNATURES 
 55 
 
 i 

NOTE TO READERS 
 As used in this report, the terms Enhabit, we, us, our, and the Company refer to Enhabit, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated or indicated by context. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains historical information, as well as forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that involve known and unknown risks and relate to, among other things, future events, projections, financial guidance, legislative or regulatory developments, strategy or growth opportunities, our future financial performance, our projected business results, or our projected capital expenditures. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. In some cases, the reader can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, targets, potential, or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this report, and the Company undertakes no duty to publicly update or revise such forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates based upon current information and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Actual events or results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors. While it is impossible to identify all such factors, factors which could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those estimated by the Company include, but are not limited to, our ability to execute on our strategic plans, regulatory and other developments impacting the markets for our services, changes in reimbursement rates, general economic conditions, our ability to attract and retain key management personnel and healthcare professionals, potential disruptions or breaches of our or our vendors information systems, the outcome of litigation, our ability to successfully complete and integrate de novo developments, acquisitions, investments, and joint ventures, and our ability to control costs, particularly labor and employee benefit costs and such other factors as discussed throughout Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Annual Report. 

ii 

Part I. 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Our Business 
 We are a leading provider of home health and hospice services in the United States. We strive to provide superior, cost-effective care where patients prefer it: in their homes. For over twenty years, we have provided care in the low-cost home setting while achieving high-quality clinical outcomes. Over that time, we have grown to become the fourth-largest provider of home health services and a leading provider of hospice services nationally, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues. As of December 31, 2022, our footprint comprised 252 home health and 105 hospice locations across 34 states. 
 Our scale and density in targeted markets, our disciplined operating model emphasizing the use of technology, our clinical expertise, and our award-winning culture are key factors to our success. These competitive advantages enable us to outperform many of our competitors in both clinical quality and efficiencies, while positioning us as an attractive partner to health systems, payors, and other risk-bearing entities. 
 Our continued growth is underpinned by strong industry tailwinds, including an aging U.S. population, an increased focus on shifting care to lower-cost settings, and patients preference for home-based care. In 2019, there were 54.1 million people age 65 or older in the U.S. (compared to 39.6 million in 2009). The population of people age 65 or older in the U.S. is projected to reach 80.8 million by 2040 and 94.7 million by 2060. All but a small minority of this population live in non-institutional settings. This population is growing and is one of the fastest growing demographics in the country, creating a greater need for cost-effective in-home solutions. Furthermore, as of 2018, 70 of those over 65 had multiple chronic conditions and faced a higher incidence of chronic conditions than those under 65. Patients with multiple chronic conditions accounted for 94 of total Medicare spending and were associated with 99 of hospital readmissions. Home-based care is well-positioned to help manage these conditions in the aging population. Home-based care is also significantly more affordable than other care settings. We believe these trends, coupled with our competitive advantages, strongly position us for the future. 
 We operate our business in two segments: home health and hospice. Our home health agencies provide a comprehensive range of Medicare-certified skilled home health services, including skilled nursing, physical, occupational and speech therapy, medical social work, and home health aide services. Our patients are typically older adults with chronic conditions and significant functional limitations who require more than ten current medications. Our home health business benefits from a diversity of referral sources, with patients arriving from acute care hospitals, inpatient rehabilitation facilities, surgery centers, assisted living facilities, and skilled nursing facilities, as well as community physicians. We work closely with patients, families, caregivers, and physicians to deliver data-driven, evidence-based care plans focused on patient needs and goals. For the year ended December 31, 2022 our home health segment had 202,495 patient admissions and generated 877.1 million in Net service revenue , or 81.9 of Enhabit s total Net service revenue . 
 Our hospice agencies provide high-quality hospice services to terminally ill patients and their families. Hospice care focuses on the quality of life for patients who are experiencing an advanced, life limiting illness while treating the symptoms of the disease, rather than treating the disease itself. Our dedicated team of professionals works together to manage symptoms so that a patient s remaining time may be spent with dignity and in relative comfort, surrounded by their loved ones, typically in their own home. For the year ended December 31, 2022 our hospice segment had an average daily census of 3,519 patients and generated 194.0 million in Net service revenue , or 18.1 of Enhabit total Net service revenue . 
 We drive operating efficiency by leveraging our market density as our volumes increase, which also enables our clinicians to spend less time on the road and more time providing care. We believe our operating structure is more efficient than our peers and advantageously positions us to grow our home health admissions as the industry continues to expand. Despite our status as the fourth-largest provider of home health services, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues, our Medicare fee for service market share is only 4.3 . Given the high fragmentation of the industry, we believe there will be significant opportunities for consolidation. 
 We also believe our hospice segment will continue to have significant growth opportunities as we enhance our scale within the markets we currently serve and expand our hospice offerings into markets where we already have a strong home health presence. 
 Our operations are supported by an electronic medical records platform and a predictive analytics platform, which help us manage the entire business continuum from clinical patient workflow to operations, business development and compliance. We believe our history and familiarity with these platforms and other proprietary solutions enable us to help deliver superior clinical, operational, and financial outcomes. 
 1 

We leverage both internally developed tools as well as third-party software to reduce our cost per visit, enhance our productivity and optimize the use of our nursing and therapy staff. This approach drives metric-driven decisions across our organization that yield better efficiency, quality, and employee satisfaction. We also invest significant time and training resources to teach our operators to utilize these tools to help drive timely decisions in the field, including the development of patient care plans. Our company culture emphasizes the use of analytics-based tools to make better informed decisions, providing the highest quality of care, while managing our cost of care. 
 Our scale and density combined with our disciplined operating model allow us to provide high quality care more efficiently than our publicly traded home health peer or peers. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our average cost per visit ranged from 10.9 to 15.8 lower than the average of a subset of our publicly traded peer or peers that provide this information. Our lower cost per visit positions us to continue to operate profitably in the event of potential changes to the reimbursement model for our industry. Home Health Segment Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost per visit 89 83 84 Public peer or peers average cost per visit 100 99 96 Cost per visit vs. public peer or peers average (10.9) (15.8) (12.1) 
 
 Based on our publicly traded peer or peers that provide this information 
 Our disciplined operating model, coupled with a targeted and balanced acquisition strategy and new location de novo openings, has contributed to our financial performance over the last several years. Since 2015, we have deployed over 796 million of capital on 41 home health and hospice acquisitions, which we have fully integrated into our business and continue to grow. Over that same period, we have opened 33 de novo locations across 16 states, including 18 home health and 15 hospice locations. For more information and commentary on our history and financial performance, see Our History and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in this Annual Report. 
 Our History 
 Prior to July 1, 2022, we operated as a reporting segment of Encompass Health Corporation Encompass ). On March 7, 2022, we changed our name from Encompass Health Home Health Holdings, Inc. to Enhabit, Inc. On July 1, 2022, Encompass completed the previously announced separation of the Company through the distribution of all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of Enhabit to the stockholders of record of Encompass (the Distribution as of the close of business on June 24, 2022 (the Record Date ). The Distribution was effective at 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on July 1, 2022. Prior to the completion of the Distribution, we substantially completed rebranding initiatives across our operations. The Distribution was structured as a pro rata distribution of one share of Enhabit common stock for every two shares of Encompass common stock held of record as of the Record Date. No fractional shares were distributed. A cash payment was made in lieu of any fractional shares. As a result of the Distribution, Enhabit is now an independent public company, and its common stock is listed under the symbol EHAB on the New York Stock Exchange (the Separation ). As part of the Separation, Enhabit and Encompass entered into certain agreements that provide a framework for our relationship with Encompass after the Separation and Distribution. For additional discussion of the Separation and Distribution, as well as our relationship with Encompass, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Recent Separation from Encompass, in this Annual Report. 
 Since the founding of our business in 1998, we have demonstrated an ability to consistently innovate and sustain growth during varying economic and regulatory climates. We have established an extensive record of providing high-quality care, profitably growing our business, and executing and integrating strategic acquisitions. 
 Our Industries and Opportunity 
 We operate in large, growing, and highly fragmented industries. 
 In 2021, approximately 125.2 billion was spent on broader home health expenditures, according to National Health Expenditures published by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS ). Home health expenditures are expected to grow to approximately 226.4 billion by 2030, representing a 6.8 compound annual growth rate. Within this expanding market, we focus primarily on skilled home health services. 
 Medicare Advantage is becoming a more prevalent payor source within skilled home health services. Given our low cost of care and high-quality outcomes, we believe we are well-positioned to serve this growing population. 
 2 

The home health industry is primarily comprised of publicly traded and privately owned freestanding agencies, facility-based home health agencies, visiting nurse associations and government-owned agencies. The number of Medicare-certified home health agencies is near an all-time high, approximately 11,600 according to the CMS provider catalog published in January of 2023. In 2020, home health agencies provided care to approximately 3.1 million Medicare beneficiaries. We believe we have an opportunity to continue to gain market share through organic growth and as a consolidator in the industry. 
 The home health reimbursement landscape experienced a fundamental shift when Medicare implemented the Patient Driven Groupings Model PDGM for home health agencies on January 1, 2020. The impact of PDGM, which was expected to put downward pressure on home health revenues and increase administrative burdens, coincided with the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. Federal relief funding, including funds distributed under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the CARES Act ), the Paycheck Protection Program and the Medicare Accelerated Advanced Payment Program, as well as the payroll tax deferral permitted by the CARES Act, has temporarily delayed the potentially negative effects of PDGM for those home health agencies that accepted relief funding. We did not accept any CARES Act funds. 
 The United States Congress Congress mandated that the Secretary of Health and Human Services make assumptions about potential behavior changes within the Medicare home health industry related to the implementation of PDGM and make ongoing adjustments to the reimbursement system to ensure budget neutrality. The public health emergency associated with the COVID-19 pandemic delayed action from the Secretary in the 2021 and 2022 home health rules. However, on October 31, 2022, CMS released its notice of final rulemaking for calendar year 2023 for home health agencies under the home health prospective payment system (the 2023 HH Rule ). CMS outlined its assessment of the PDGM budget neutrality throughout 2020 and 2021 along with its plan to implement significant temporary and permanent adjustments. 
 We anticipate these factors will drive industry consolidation, particularly of smaller home health agencies. We believe our history as a consolidator, our scale and density as well as our operational efficiency position us well to take advantage of certain strategic consolidation opportunities. See Regulatory , Sources of Revenue , and Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional detail on PDGM. 
 According to CMS, Medicare spending for hospice care increased from 3 billion in 2000 to 22 billion in 2020, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 10.6 . Based on our experience and industry knowledge, we believe Medicare revenues represent the vast majority of total expenditures in the hospice market. The hospice industry is fragmented, with approximately 1.7 million Medicare beneficiaries receiving hospice services from approximately 5,000 providers in 2020. Hospice use among Medicare beneficiaries has grown substantially in recent years, suggesting a greater awareness of and access to hospice services. While we are a leading hospice services provider, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues, our hospice business accounts for only approximately 1.0 of the Medicare hospice market. We believe increasing demand, broader understanding, and utilization of hospice care and the fragmented nature of the industry provide an attractive opportunity for our hospice business. 
 Growing Senior Population Driving Increased Demand 
 We believe the demand for home health and hospice services will continue to increase as the growth in seniors in the United States continues to outpace the overall growth of the U.S. population. According to projections released by the U.S. Census Bureau in February 2020, between 2020 and 2030, the number of individuals over 65 years old is projected to grow to approximately 73 million, an increase of approximately 30 as compared to a projected increase in the total U.S. population of only 10 over the same time period. This projected growth would increase the proportion of the U.S. population over 65 years old from 17 to 21 of the total population. In addition, a growing percentage of seniors are experiencing chronic conditions that require more care. Approximately 76 of Medicare beneficiaries have three or more chronic conditions that need to be managed. With the average patient age for our home health segment being 75 and the average patient age for our hospice segment being 80, our business stands to benefit from these demographic tailwinds. 
 Additionally, the growth in the elderly population is expected to significantly outpace the expected growth in facility-based beds, driving the ongoing shift from facility-based care to home-based care where clinically appropriate. 
 Increasing Focus on Shifting Care to Lower Cost Settings 
 The growing senior population is contributing to rising healthcare costs in the United States, putting pressure on an already strained healthcare system. Accordingly, there is an increasing level of focus on expanding services and reducing the cost of care. The Medicare cost per day in a home health and cost per patient per day in a hospice setting is 50 and 150, respectively, compared to a skilled nursing facility of 540 per day, highlighting the savings potential for the healthcare system. In spite of this cost advantage, the annual Medicare expenditures on skilled nursing facilities is over 28 billion as compared to the home health and hospice markets, which are each less than 23 billion. We believe payors, 
 3 

health plans, and other market participants that bear the cost of care will increasingly encourage the treatment of patients in their homes and other low-cost settings. As a leader in the home health and hospice markets, we anticipate this shift will help propel our continued growth providing us with greater flexibility in the reimbursement structures. 
 Patient Preference for Home-Based Care 
 We believe most patients prefer to receive care in a less intensive setting, such as the home. Based on a 2018 American Association of Retired Persons AARP survey, 75 of those over age 50 want to stay in their residence as long as possible. Similarly, a study by the Kaiser Family Foundation from 2017 found that seven in ten Americans would prefer to spend their last days at home as opposed to any other setting of care. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly accelerated the demand for high-quality home-based care, and we believe the trend will continue to strengthen. 
 Emphasis on Value-Based Payment Models 
 Rising costs are contributing to an increased payor emphasis on value-based models that tie financial incentives to quality of care and efficiency. We believe payors will emphasize reimbursement models driven by value and seek out our clinical outcomes and cost-efficient services. We have a long history of piloting and participating in new and innovative payment programs. In 2019, we were one of the largest home health participants in the initial Bundled Payments for Care Improvements initiative BPCI Model 3, which has since been discontinued, and produced significant savings in that program. The CMS voluntary Bundled Payments for Care Improvement Advanced BPCI Advanced initiative began October 1, 2018, runs through December 31, 2023, and covers 29 types of inpatient and three types of outpatient clinical episodes, including stroke and hip fracture. We continue to evaluate all appropriate opportunities to collaborate with strategic partners in a variety of care models. Our industry leading capabilities and clinical results, including our low acute care hospitalization and hospital readmission rates, position us to bring value to Medicare Advantage payors, who are focused on managing, and reducing, the total cost of care. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we differentiate ourselves from our competitors based on many factors, including the quality of our clinical outcomes, the scale and density of our footprint, our consistent and disciplined operating model, and our people and award-winning culture. We also believe our competitive strengths discussed below give us the ability to adapt and succeed in a healthcare industry facing continuing regulatory changes focused on improving outcomes and reducing costs. 
 Scale and Density 
 Our current footprint is the result of our multi-decade effort to establish scale and density in key markets with attractive demographic and regulatory profiles. We are a leading home health provider in many of the states where we operate, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues. Our 34-state footprint represented approximately 69 of the total U.S. home health Medicare revenues in 2020. Our presence in these markets helps us increase operating efficiency and brand awareness. These operating efficiencies have helped result in a lower home health cost per visit ranging from 10.9 to 15.8 lower cost per visit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 compared to our publicly traded peer or peers that provide this information. 
 Additionally, due to the demographic overlap of our patients, we believe some of our home health patients will eventually require and choose the services of our hospice segment. We are a top ten hospice provider in ten states, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues. As of December 31, 2022, 95 of our 105 hospice locations were co-located within our home health markets. There is a significant opportunity to expand this co-location strategy by adding hospice services to our other home health locations. Through our co-location strategy, we minimize gaps in care and disruption to the patient. We believe this continuity of care between our home health and hospice businesses creates a growth opportunity for our hospice business. Although we entered hospice more recently than home health, we expect hospice to generate significant growth in the business going forward and to contribute to ongoing efforts to grow scale and density. 
 Consistent and Disciplined Operating Model 
 Our operating model, which emphasizes consistency and the disciplined use of technology, has driven our industry leadership in both clinical quality and cost effectiveness. We leverage our comprehensive technology capabilities and centralized administrative functions to define best practices, streamline staffing models, and identify supply chain efficiencies across our extensive platform of operations. We invest significant time and training resources teaching our operators to utilize the informatics of our technology to help drive timely decisions in the field. Our pairing of technology with a culture that includes substantial training resources and well-established operating protocols helps us deliver superior 
 4 

results. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 our average cost per visit ranged from 10.9 to 15.8 lower than the average of a subset of our publicly traded peer or peers that provide this information. 
 Clinical Expertise and High-Quality Outcomes 
 We have extensive home-based clinical experience from which we have developed standardized best practices and protocols. We believe these best practices and protocols, when combined with our technology and well-trained, mission-motivated clinicians, help ensure the delivery of consistently high-quality healthcare services, reduced inefficiencies, and improved performance across a spectrum of operational areas. These best practices and protocols allow us to have Quality of Patient Care QoPC ratings and 30-day readmission rates that are meaningfully better than the national average. As of January 2023, the last publicly reported Star ratings, our QoPC Star Rating and Home Health Care Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems HHCAHPS Patient Survey Star Rating averaged 3.7 and 3.7, respectively, higher than the national averages of 3.2 and 3.5, respectively. For additional discussion of CMS s Star ratings, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Reimbursement Risks . 
 We focus on hospital readmission and acute care hospitalization rates as our primary indicators of clinical quality. We believe this focus results in superior clinical outcomes for patients, providers, and payors. On a non-risk adjusted basis, our 30-day hospital readmission rate was 14.2 , 400 basis points lower than the national average of 18.2 in 2021; our 60-day acute care hospitalization rate was 13.7 , 30 basis points lower than the national average of 14.0 , as reported in the 2022 Home Health Chartbook published by the Research Institute for Home Care. 
 People and Award-Winning Culture 
 Through our employee-first culture, we undertake significant efforts to ensure our clinical and support staff receive the education, training, support, and recognition necessary to provide the highest quality care in the most cost-effective manner. We have been recognized for seven consecutive years by Fortune magazine as a Top 20 in Healthcare in the United States and for ten consecutive years by Modern Healthcare as a Best Place to Work. We believe our award-winning culture is an important component to attracting and retaining talent as demand for our services continues to grow. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 Our growth strategy comprises several avenues for continued growth, including organic growth through existing operations, adding new locations through execution of our de novo strategy, strategic acquisitions, leveraging our expertise in care transitions, expanding Medicare Advantage, and exploring adjacent service offerings. 
 Drive Organic Growth at Existing Operations 
 We hold a leading position in a number of markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive organic growth. We believe there will continue to be strong demand for our services due to significant industry tailwinds, our high-quality clinical outcomes, and our cost-effective operating model. The states in which we offer home health services represented approximately 69 of total home health Medicare revenues in 2020. We seek internal growth in our existing markets by consistently increasing the number of referrals and referral sources we serve. To achieve this growth, we (1) educate healthcare providers about the scope and benefits of our services, (2) position our agencies to add value in their communities by avoiding unnecessary hospitalizations, (3) focus on high-quality care and related outcomes for our patients, (4) identify related products and services needed by our patients and their communities, and (5) provide a superior work environment for our employees. As we continue to grow organically, our scale and density will increase, further reinforcing our ability to deliver cost-effective care. 
 Execute on De Novo Strategy in New Markets 
 We will continue to execute on our de novo strategy to complement our organic growth. Since 2015, we have opened 33 de novo locations across 16 states, 18 of which are home health locations and 15 of which are hospice locations. Because our existing footprint includes states that do not have certificate of need CON laws, there are significant opportunities for us to open de novo locations. See Item 2, Properties , for a listing of certificate of need states in which we have operations. We believe there is a significant opportunity for our hospice segment to benefit meaningfully from de novo locations as we open new hospice sites in markets where we already have a home health presence. We believe our ability to leverage our existing home health infrastructure, referral sources, and brand enable us to launch new hospice locations efficiently. 
 Pursue Strategic Acquisitions 
 We intend to take a targeted and balanced approach to strategic acquisitions in new and existing markets that will enhance our market position and increase our referral base. We plan to focus on building overlap between our home health and hospice locations, as well as identifying attractive new geographies in which we currently do not have a presence. We have historically focused on acquisition opportunities where we believe we can accelerate top-line growth while also 
 5 

expanding profit margins. We have a proven history spanning over 20 years of consummating and fully integrating acquisitions culturally, technologically, and operationally. Our track record of successfully integrating acquired businesses is demonstrated by the consistent growth in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA of our acquired businesses following acquisition. See Note 2, Business Combinations , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about our acquisition-related activities in 2020, 2021, and 2022. 
 Leverage Care Transitions Expertise 
 We have established a strong track record of performance and quality that enables us to develop strong relationships with additional health systems and facility-based providers. We believe we are an attractive partner for patients transitioning from a facility-based setting due to the quality of our outcomes, data management, scale and market density, and proven ability to safely transition high acuity and/or chronically ill patients to the home. Our deep understanding of care transitions and ability to achieve industry-leading hospital readmission rates make us the partner of choice for many facility-based partners. To help drive these strong partnerships, our Care Transition Coordinators and Transition Navigators serve as representatives in transitional care activities and strategic relationships with acute care hospitals and other healthcare providers and are integral to realizing positive outcomes from transitions of care from one setting to another. 
 Expand Medicare Advantage Focus 
 We believe our expertise in delivering high-quality and cost-efficient care positions us favorably to capture future Medicare Advantage volumes. On a national basis, approximately 30.1 million, nearly half of Medicare beneficiaries, chose a Medicare Advantage plan over traditional Medicare as of January 2023, resulting in a 6.7 increase from 28.2 million in January 2022. The total number of Medicare beneficiaries choosing Medicare Advantage is expected to grow to 61 by 2032 according to the Congressional Budget Office estimates made in May 2022. We continue to believe Medicare Advantage payors and benefit administrators will be increasingly attracted to our historical track record of providing high-quality outcomes and lower hospital readmission rates, along with our successful participation in risk-based payment models. In 2022, Medicare Advantage accounted for only 14.2 of our revenue, suggesting a significant opportunity to grow this important revenue source. Although Medicare Advantage billings and collections are more labor intensive and the discount for services is greater than that given to Medicare patients, we believe growth with these payors is important given that more Medicare eligibles are choosing Medicare Advantage plans. 
 Our Services 
 Home Health 
 Our home health business is the nation s fourth-largest provider of Medicare-certified skilled home health services, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues. Our home health business had 202,495 patient admissions for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 252 home health agencies in 34 states. 
 Our home health services are prescribed by a physician, typically following an episode of acute illness or surgical intervention, an exacerbation or worsening of a chronic disorder, or a patient s discharge from a hospital, skilled nursing facility, rehabilitation hospital or other institutional setting. In 2022, approximately 40 of our home health patient admissions were from physician offices or other community referral sources, and approximately 60 were from facility-based sources, including acute care hospitals, long-term care facilities, skilled nursing facilities, or rehabilitation hospitals. 
 Our home health services are provided by nurses, physical, occupational and speech therapists, medical social workers, and home health aides. Specifically, our registered and licensed practical and vocational nurses provide a variety of medically necessary services to homebound patients who are suffering from acute or chronic illness, recovering from injury or surgery, or who otherwise require care or monitoring. These services include patient education, pain management, wound care and dressing changes, cardiac rehabilitation, infusion therapy, pharmaceutical administration, and skilled observation and assessment. We also have designed best practices to treat chronic diseases and conditions, including diabetes, hypertension, arthritis, Alzheimer s disease, low vision, spinal stenosis, Parkinson s disease, osteoporosis, complex wound care, and chronic pain, along with disease-specific plans for patients with diabetes, congestive heart failure, post-orthopedic surgery or injury, and respiratory diseases. Through our medical social workers, we counsel patients and their families with regard to financial, personal, and social concerns that arise from a patient s health-related problems. 
 Our physical, occupational, and speech therapists provide therapy services to patients in their homes. Our therapists coordinate multi-disciplinary treatment plans with physicians, nurses, and social workers to restore patients basic mobility skills, such as getting out of bed, walking safely with crutches or a walker, and restoring range of motion to specific joints. Our therapists also assist patients and their families with improving and maintaining functional activities of daily living such as dressing, cooking, cleaning, and managing other activities safely in the home environment. Our speech and 
 6 

language therapists provide corrective and rehabilitative treatment to patients who suffer from physical or cognitive deficits or disorders that create difficulty with verbal communication or swallowing. 
 Hospice 
 Our hospice business is one of the nation s largest providers of Medicare-certified hospice services in terms of 2020 Medicare revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022 our hospice services had an average daily census of 3,519 hospice patients. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 105 hospice agencies in 23 states. 
 Individuals with a terminal illness may be eligible for hospice care if they have a life expectancy of six months or less. Our Medicare-certified hospice operations provide a full range of hospice services, including pain and symptom management, palliative and dietary counseling, social worker visits, spiritual counseling, and family member bereavement counseling for up to 13 months after a patient s death, all of which are designed to meet the individual physical, emotional, spiritual, and psychosocial needs of terminally ill patients and their families. 
 Operations 
 Each of our home health and hospice agencies is staffed with clinical and administrative professionals who are experienced in providing a wide range of patient care services. Each of our home health and hospice agencies are licensed and certified by the federal government as well as the appropriate state governments. Our operations consist of three core areas field- and branch-level operations, business development team operations, and corporate support operations. We believe separating responsibilities among these categories allows our clinical and administrative professionals to focus on patient care, while enabling our business development team to focus on referral development. 
 Our branches are managed locally by branch directors who oversee branch clinical and office teams. Branch directors report to an administrator who oversees one or more branches. Our field-level operations use branch operating metrics provided by our technology platforms to monitor performance and quality, including volumes, clinician productivity and efficiency, and cost per visit and per patient day. 
 Our corporate support operations provide centralized services in support of the field, branch, and business development team operations, including information technology, human resources, recruiting, finance, and regulatory and legal support services, among others. Our corporate support operations include a central clinical auditing group that performs audits on medical records, care plans, and core patient documentation to ensure proper, complete care plans are optimized toward achieving the highest quality outcomes. This corporate support operations team also develops, monitors, and deploys operating policies, allowing for consistency of operations measurement and ease of deploying productivity metrics. 
 Business Development 
 We believe better alignment between business development and operations is critical to our future success. Therefore, in late 2022, we began reorganizing our home health and hospice organizations so that local and regional teams have shared territory alignment. Additionally, beginning in early 2023, business development reports through the home health and hospice executive vice presidents. 
 Within each territory there are team members allocated to all aspects of the referral and patient onboarding process. We believe this high touch approach enables our business development teams to develop deep rooted relationships and build density in the markets they serve, ultimately increasing the patient referrals to our home health and hospice agencies. 
 Our business development team has access to a variety of technology platforms which provide real-time market intelligence and analysis to help inform decisions and ensure the most optimal outcome. Not only does this allow our business development force to quickly identify and prioritize referral sources, but it also enables us to share with potential referral sources clinical outcome performance indicators that highlight our clinical expertise. 
 These technology platforms provide team members with a clear picture of where each referral source is sending their patients and let us see how we compare to our competitors in terms of quality outcomes. Our web-based portal allows referring physicians to easily monitor the care and progress of their patients and to sign orders electronically, building loyalty with our referral sources. 
 Sources of Revenue 
 We receive payment for patient care services from the federal government (primarily under the Medicare program), managed care plans and private insurers, and, to a considerably lesser degree, state governments (under their respective Medicaid or similar programs), as well as directly from patients. Revenues and receivables from Medicare are significant to our operations. The federal and state governments establish payment rates as described in more detail below. We negotiate the payment rates with non-governmental group purchasers of healthcare services that are included in Managed care in 
 7 

the table below, including private insurance companies, employers, health maintenance organizations HMOs ), preferred provider organizations PPOs ), and other managed care plans. Patients are generally not responsible for the difference between established gross charges and amounts reimbursed for such services under Medicare, Medicaid, and other private insurance plans, HMOs, or PPOs, but patients are responsible to the extent of any exclusions, deductibles, copayments, or coinsurance features of their coverage. Medicare, through its Medicare Advantage program, offers Medicare-eligible individuals an opportunity to participate in managed care plans. For the year ended December 31, 2022 revenues from Medicare and Medicare Advantage represented 92.6 of total Net service revenue . 
 The following table identifies the sources and relative mix of our revenues for the periods stated for our consolidated business: For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Medicare 
 78.4 81.9 83.1 Medicare Advantage 
 14.2 10.6 10.8 Managed care 
 6.1 5.9 4.4 Medicaid 
 1.2 1.4 1.4 Other 
 0.1 0.2 0.3 Total 
 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 Medicare Reimbursement 
 Medicare is a federal program that provides hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons aged 65 and over, qualified disabled persons, and persons with end-stage renal disease. Medicare, through statutes and regulations, establishes reimbursement methodologies and rates for various types of healthcare providers, facilities, and services. Each year, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission MedPAC ), an independent agency that advises Congress on issues affecting Medicare, makes policy recommendations to Congress for a variety of Medicare payment systems, including, among others, the Home Health Prospective Payment System HH-PPS and the Hospice Payment System Hospice-PS ). Congress is not obligated to adopt MedPAC recommendations, and, in previous years, Congress has frequently chosen not to adopt MedPAC s recommendations. However, MedPAC s recommendations have, and could in the future, become the basis for subsequent legislative or, as discussed below, regulatory action. 
 The Medicare statutes are subject to change from time to time. For example, in March 2010, President Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. With respect to Medicare reimbursement, the 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws provided for specific reductions to healthcare providers annual market basket updates and other payment policy changes. In August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011 providing for an automatic 2 reduction, or sequestration, of Medicare program payments for all healthcare providers. Sequestration took effect April 1, 2013 and, as a result of subsequent legislation, will continue through fiscal year 2030 unless Congress and the President take further action. In response to the public health emergency associated with the pandemic, Congress and the President suspended sequestration through April 1, 2022, as discussed further below. 
 On February 9, 2018, President Trump signed into law the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (the 2018 Budget Act ), which includes several provisions affecting Medicare reimbursement. Among those changes, the 2018 Budget Act mandated the adoption of a new Medicare payment model for home health providers which went into effect January 1, 2020. 
 In March 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the American Rescue Plan Act will result in budget deficits that will require a 4 reduction in Medicare program payments for 2022 under the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act Statutory PAYGO of 2010 unless Congress and the President take action to waive the Statutory PAYGO reductions. The Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act suspends until 2025 the Statutory PAYGO reductions that would have gone into effect under the American Rescue Plan Act. 
 In the future, concerns about the federal deficit and national debt levels could result in enactment of further federal spending reductions, further entitlement reform legislation affecting the Medicare program, or both. The future of the aforementioned regulations as well as the nature and substance of any other healthcare legislation remain uncertain. 
 From time to time, Medicare regulations, including reimbursement methodologies and rates, can be further modified by CMS. CMS, subject to its statutory authority, may make some prospective payment system changes, including in response to MedPAC recommendations. For example, CMS instituted a rebasing adjustment in the HH-PPS consistent with a MedPAC recommendation. In some instances, CMS s modifications can have a substantial impact on healthcare providers. In accordance with Medicare laws and statutes, CMS makes annual adjustments to Medicare payment rates in 
 8 

prospective payment systems, including the HH-PPS and Hospice-PS, by what is commonly known as a market basket update. CMS may take other regulatory action affecting rates as well. For example, home health and hospice agencies are required to submit quality data to CMS each year, and the failure to do so in accordance with the rules will result in a 2 reduction in their market basket annual payment update. For 2023, we have one hospice provider that will receive a 2 reduction in payments related to quality data submission. 
 We cannot predict the adjustments to Medicare payment rates Congress or CMS may make in the future. Congress, MedPAC, and CMS will continue to address reimbursement rates for a variety of healthcare settings. Any additional downward adjustment to rates or limitations on reimbursement for the types of agencies we operate and services we provide could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For additional discussion of the risks associated with our concentration of revenues from the federal government or potential changes to the statutes or regulations governing Medicare reimbursement, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Reimbursement Risks . 
 Our operations are also affected by other rules and regulations that indirectly affect reimbursement for our services, such as data coding rules and patient coverage rules and determinations. For example, Medicare providers like us can be negatively affected by the adoption of coverage policies, either at the national or local level, that determine whether an item or service is covered and under what clinical circumstances it is considered to be reasonable and necessary. For additional discussion of the risks associated with potential changes in regulations, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Other Regulatory Risks . 
 The Medicare home health benefit is available to patients who need care following discharge from a hospital, as well as patients who suffer from chronic conditions that require skilled intermittent care. While the services received need not be rehabilitative or of a finite duration, patients who require full-time skilled nursing for an extended period of time generally do not qualify for Medicare home health benefits. In order for a Medicare beneficiary to qualify for the Medicare hospice benefit, two physicians must certify that, in their clinical judgment, the beneficiary has less than six months to live, assuming the beneficiary s disease runs its normal course. In addition, the Medicare beneficiary must affirmatively elect hospice care and waive any rights to other Medicare curative benefits related to his or her terminal illness. 
 Medicare contractors processing claims for CMS make coverage determinations regarding medical necessity that can represent restrictive interpretations of the CMS coverage rules. Those interpretations are not made through a notice and comment review process. We cannot predict how future CMS coverage rule interpretations or any new local coverage determinations will affect us. 
 As a matter of course, we undertake significant efforts through training, education, and documentation to ensure compliance with coding and medical necessity coverage rules. Despite our belief that our coding and assessment of patients are accurate, audits may lead to assertions that we have been underpaid or overpaid by Medicare or that we have submitted improper claims in some instances. Audits may also require us to incur additional costs to respond to requests for records and defend the validity of payments and claims, and ultimately require us to refund any amounts determined to have been overpaid. We cannot predict when or how these audit programs will affect us. Any denial of a claim for payment, either as a result of an audit or ordinary course payment review by the Medicare Administrative Contractor MAC ), is subject to an appeals process that is currently taking numerous years to complete. For additional discussion of these audits and the risks associated with them, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Reimbursement Risks . 
 A basic summary of current Medicare reimbursement in our business segments follows: 
 Home Health 
 Medicare pays home health benefits for patients discharged from a hospital or patients otherwise suffering from chronic conditions that require ongoing but intermittent skilled care. As a condition of participation under Medicare, patients must be homebound (meaning unable to leave their home without a considerable and taxing effort), require intermittent skilled nursing, physical therapy or speech therapy services, or have a continuing need for occupational therapy, and receive treatment under a plan of care established and periodically reviewed by a physician. A physician must document that he or she or a qualifying nurse practitioner has had a face-to-face encounter with the patient and then certify to CMS that a patient meets the eligibility requirements for the home health benefit. The CARES Act expands the use of telehealth and allows nurse practitioners and physician assistants under certain conditions to certify, establish and periodically review the plan of care, as well as supervise the provision of items and services for beneficiaries. For regulatory relief during the pandemic, CMS adopted a series of waivers, including expanding the definition of homebound to include patients needing skilled services who are homebound due solely to their COVID-19 diagnosis or patients susceptible to contract COVID-19 and limiting and delaying certain quality reporting requirements. 
 The initial certification of Medicare patient eligibility, plan of care, and comprehensive assessment is valid for a 60-day episode of care. Prior to January 1, 2020, Medicare paid home health providers under the HH-PPS for each 60-day 
 9 

episode of care for each patient. Providers typically received either 50 or 60 of the estimated base payment for the full 60 days for each patient upon submission of the initial claim at the beginning of the episode of care based on the patient s condition and treatment needs. This partial early payment process is referred to as the Request for Anticipated Payment or RAP. The provider received the remaining portion of the payment after the 60-day treatment period, subject to any applicable adjustments. 
 As of January 1, 2020, Medicare began reimbursing home health providers under PDGM. PDGM replaced a 60-day episode of payment methodology with a 30-day payment period and relies more heavily on clinical characteristics and other patient information (such as principal diagnosis, functional level, referral source, and timing), rather than the therapy service-use thresholds under the prior system, to determine payments. Under PDGM, the initial certification remains valid for 60 days. If a patient remains eligible for care after the initial period as certified by a physician, a new treatment period may begin. 
 There are currently no limits to the number of home health treatment periods a Medicare patient may receive assuming there is eligibility for each successive period. PDGM also reduced the early payment opportunity available through RAP in 2020. Beginning in 2021, providers no longer have the opportunity to receive early payment through the RAP process. However, providers are required to submit certain RAP documentation components within five days of the start of each payment period and are subject to reimbursement penalties if not timely filed. Beginning in 2022, home health providers are required to submit a Notice of Admission NOA within five days of the start of the initial treatment period. CMS will reduce reimbursement for agencies that fail to submit an NOA timely. 
 Home health Medicare payments are adjusted based on each patient s condition and clinical treatment case-mix adjustment ). In addition to the case-mix adjustment, payments for periods of care may be adjusted for other reasons, including unusually large costs, low utilization patients, and geographic differences in wages. Payments are also made for non-routine medical supplies that are used in treatment. 
 On October 29, 2020, CMS released its notice of final rulemaking for calendar year 2021 for home health agencies under HH-PPS (the 2021 HH Rule ). The 2021 HH Rule implemented a net 2.0 market basket increase (market basket update of 2.3 reduced by a productivity adjustment of 0.3 and made changes to the underlying wage index system. Making permanent the previously temporary COVID-19-related relief, the 2021 HH Rule authorized the use of telecommunications technologies in providing care to beneficiaries under the Medicare home health benefit as long as the telecommunications technology met certain criteria and did not replace in-person visits. 
 On November 2, 2021, CMS released its notice of final rulemaking for calendar year 2022 for home health agencies under the home health prospective payment system (the 2022 HH Rule ). The 2022 HH Rule implemented a net 2.6 market basket increase (market basket update of 3.1 reduced by a productivity adjustment of 0.5 ), updated the case-mix weights and fixed dollar loss ratio for outlier payments, and included a low utilization payment adjustment LUPA add-on factor for the first skilled occupational therapy visit in LUPA periods. In its proposed rules, CMS provided preliminary analysis indicating that an additional approximate 6 budget neutrality adjustment may be necessary in future years although claims data could be affected by the pandemic and home health agencies adjusting to the new PDGM payment system that was effective in 2020. The 2022 HH Rule also expanded the Home Health Value-Based Purchasing HHVBP Model, beginning January 1, 2022, to all Medicare-certified home health agencies in the 50 states and territories, and the District of Columbia (with a maximum payment adjustment, upward or downward of 5 ). This rulemaking also ended the original HHVBP Model one year early for the home health agencies in the nine original model states. In addition, Sequestration resumed as of April 1, 2022, but was only a 1 payment reduction through June 30, 2022. On July 1, 2022, the full 2 Medicare payment reduction resumed. This largely offset 2022 HH Rule payment increases. 
 On October 31, 2022, CMS released its notice of final rulemaking for calendar year 2023 for home health agencies under the 2023 HH Rule. The 2023 HH Rule will, among other changes, implement a net 4.0 market basket increase (market basket update of 4.1 reduced by 0.1 for a productivity adjustment) and a 5 cap on wage index decreases, update the case-mix weights and fixed-dollar loss ratio for outlier payments, and update the LUPA thresholds. The 2023 HH Rule will also implement a permanent negative behavioral adjustment of 7.85 to the calendar year 2023 base payment rate, which is being phased in at 3.925 for 2023. We believe the net aggregate impact of the 2023 HH Rule will result in a net increase to our Medicare payment rates of 0.8 effective for claim dates on or after January 1, 2023. 
 Hospice 
 Medicare pays hospice benefits for patients with life expectancies of six months or less, as documented by the patient s physicians. Under Medicare rules, patients seeking hospice benefits must agree to forgo curative treatment for their terminal medical conditions. Medicare hospice reimbursements are subject to a number of conditions of participation, including the use of volunteers and onsite visits to evaluate aides. Volunteers provide day-to-day administrative and direct patient care services in an amount that, at a minimum, equals 5.0 of the total patient care hours of all paid hospice 
 10 

employees and contract staff. A nurse or other professional conducts an onsite visit every two weeks to evaluate if aides are providing care consistent with the care plan. The CARES Act includes the temporary waiver of the requirement to use volunteers and to conduct a nurse visit every two weeks to evaluate aides and allows for the expanded use of telehealth. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the 2021 Budget Act created a new Medicare survey program for hospice agencies that requires a survey at least once every three years. Hospices that are found to be out of compliance could be subjected to new civil monetary penalties that accrue according to days out of compliance, as well as other forms of corrective action. 
 For each day a patient elects hospice benefits, Medicare pays an adjusted daily rate based on patient location, and payments represent a prospective per diem amount tied to one of four different categories or levels of care: routine home care, continuous home care, inpatient respite care, and general inpatient care. Medicare hospice reimbursements to each provider are also subject to two annual caps, one limiting total hospice payments based on the average annual payment per beneficiary and another limiting payment based on the number of days of inpatient care billed by the hospice provider. There are currently no limits to the number of hospice benefit periods an eligible Medicare patient may receive, and a patient may revoke the benefit at any time. 
 The cap limiting total Medicare hospice reimbursement is calculated at the end of the hospice cap period, based on the twelve-month period beginning on October 1 st of each year, which determines the maximum allowable payments per provider. The 80-20 rule caps inpatient care reimbursement. Under that rule, if the number of inpatient care days of hospice care furnished by us to Medicare hospice beneficiaries under a unique provider number exceeds 20 of the total days of hospice care furnished by us to all Medicare hospice beneficiaries for both inpatient and in home care, Medicare payments to us for inpatient care days exceeding the inpatient cap will be reduced to the routine home care rate, with excess amounts due back to Medicare. This determination is made annually based on the twelve-month period beginning on October 1 st of each year. 
 On July 31, 2020, CMS released its notice of final rulemaking for fiscal year 2021 for hospice agencies under the Hospice-PS (the 2021 Hospice Rule ). The 2021 Hospice Rule implemented a net 2.4 market basket increase from October 1, 2020 through September 30, 2021. 
 On July 29, 2021, CMS released its final rulemaking for fiscal year 2022 for hospices under the Hospice-PS (the 2022 Hospice Rule ). Under the 2022 Hospice Rule, hospices received an aggregate payment increase of 2.0 , resulting from a market basket update of 2.7 reduced by a productivity adjustment of 0.7 . CMS increased the aggregate hospice cap amount to 31,297.61 for fiscal year 2022. The 2022 Hospice Rule also rebased and revised the labor component of all four levels of hospice care (routine home care, continuous home care, inpatient respite care, and general inpatient care) based on Medicare freestanding hospice cost reporting data from 2018. Sequestration resumed as of April 1, 2022 but was only a 1 payment reduction through June 30, 2022. On July 1, 2022, the full 2 Medicare payment reduction resumed. This largely offset 2022 Hospice Rule payment increases. 
 On July 27, 2022, CMS released its notice of final rulemaking for calendar year 2023 for hospice agencies under the hospice prospective payment system (the 2023 Hospice Rule ). In addition to other changes, the 2023 Hospice Rule implemented a net 3.8 market basket increase (market basket update of 4.1 reduced by 0.3 for a productivity adjustment). The 2023 Hospice Rule also implemented a permanent, budget neutral approach to smooth year-to-year changes in the hospice wage index. We believe the 2023 Hospice Rule will result in a net increase to our Medicare payment rates of approximately 3.9 effective for services provided beginning October 1, 2022. 
 Managed Care and Other Discount Plans 
 We negotiate payment rates with certain large group purchasers of healthcare services, including Medicare Advantage, managed care plans, private insurance companies, and third-party administrators. Managed care contracts typically have terms between one and three years, although we have a number of managed care contracts that automatically renew each year (with pre-defined rates) unless a party elects to terminate the contract. In 2022, typical rate increases for our home health and hospice contracts ranged from 0-3 . We cannot provide any assurance we will continue to receive increases in the future. Our managed care staff focuses on establishing and renegotiating contracts that provide equitable reimbursement for the services provided. 
 Medicaid Reimbursement 
 Medicaid is a jointly administered and funded federal and state program that provides hospital and medical benefits to qualifying individuals who are deemed unable to afford healthcare. As the Medicaid program is administered by the individual states under the oversight of CMS, there are substantial differences in reimbursement methodologies and coverage policies from state to state. Many states have experienced shortfalls in their Medicaid budgets and are implementing significant cuts in Medicaid reimbursement rates. Additionally, certain states control Medicaid expenditures through restricting or eliminating coverage of some services. Continuing downward pressure on Medicaid payment rates 
 11 

could cause a decline in that portion of our Net service revenue . However, for the year ended December 31, 2022 Medicaid payments represented only 1.2 of our consolidated Net service revenue . In certain states in which we operate, we are experiencing an increase in Medicaid patients, partially as a result of expanded coverage consistent with the intent of the 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws. 
 Cost Reports 
 Because of our participation in Medicare and Medicaid, we are required to meet certain financial reporting requirements. Federal and, where applicable, state regulations require the submission of annual cost reports covering the revenue, costs, and expenses associated with the services provided by home health and hospice providers to Medicare beneficiaries and Medicaid recipients. These annual cost reports are subject to routine audits that may result in adjustments to the amounts ultimately determined to be due to us under these reimbursement programs. These audits are used for determining if any under- or over-payments were made to these programs and to set payment levels for future years. 
 Our Competition 
 We are the fourth-largest provider of Medicare-certified skilled home health services and a leading provider of hospice services in the United States, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues. Our primary competition varies from market to market. Providers of home health and hospice services include both not-for-profit and for-profit organizations. One other public healthcare company has a significant presence in the Medicare-certified skilled home health industry. An insurance company owns the largest provider of Medicare-certified skilled home health services, which allows it to designate which home health and hospice agencies are in or out of the participating provider networks and to set reimbursement rates for network participants neither of which we can do. Another large insurance company recently acquired another large publicly traded home health and hospice organization. 
 The primary competitive factors in any given market include the quality and cost of care and service provided, the treatment outcomes achieved, the relationship and reputation with managed care and other private payors and the acute care hospitals, physicians, and other referral sources in the market, and the regulatory barriers to entry in certificate of need states. Home health providers with scale, which include the other public companies, may have competitive advantages, including professional management, efficient operations, sophisticated information systems, brand recognition, and large referral bases. 
 Regulation 
 The healthcare industry is subject to significant federal, state, and local regulations that affect our business by controlling our reimbursement rates, requiring operational licenses or certification, regulating our relationships with physicians and other referrals, regulating our properties, and controlling our growth. State and local healthcare regulation may cover additional matters such as nurse staffing ratios, healthcare worker safety, marijuana legalization, and assisted suicide. These laws and regulations are extremely complex and, in many instances, the industry does not have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation. Regulations and policies frequently change, and we monitor these changes through trade and governmental publications and associations. We have developed a compliance program to help ensure we meet regulatory and legal requirements applicable to our business. Our compliance program is overseen primarily by the Compliance/Quality of Care Committee of our board of directors. Our chief compliance officer provides quarterly reports to the Compliance/Quality of Care Committee on patient privacy compliance efforts and related matters. We also maintain an inter-departmental privacy and security committee that generally meets at least quarterly and oversees our programs and initiatives that seek to protect and secure our data and systems. For additional discussion of the regulatory risks associated with our business, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Other Regulatory Risks . 
 Licensure and Certification 
 Healthcare providers are subject to numerous federal, state, and local regulations relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, equipment, personnel, operating policies and procedures, infection control, and maintenance of adequate records and patient privacy. Our home health and hospice agencies are each licensed under applicable law, certified by CMS for participation in the Medicare program, and generally certified by the applicable state Medicaid agencies to participate in those programs. 
 Certificates of Need 
 In some states the acquisition of existing agencies or the introduction of new home health and hospice services may be subject to review by and prior approval of state regulatory bodies under a certificate of need law or similar permit of approval. Currently, state health authorities in 11 states where we operate require a certificate of need in order to establish and operate a home health care center, and state health authorities in five states where we operate require a certificate of 
 12 

need to operate a hospice care center. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 32 of our home health and hospice locations are in states that have certificate of need laws. 
 Certificate of need laws require a reviewing authority or agency to determine the public need for additional or expanded healthcare agencies, locations, and services. Certificate of need laws in some states require us to abide by certain charity care commitments as a condition for approving a certificate of need. In any state where we are subject to a certificate of need law, including any of the certificate of need states where we do not currently operate, we must obtain it before acquiring, opening, reclassifying, or expanding a healthcare facility, starting a new healthcare program, or opening a new home health or hospice agency. There are six states, plus the District of Columbia, that require a certificate of need for home health agencies, but where we do not yet have operations. There are nine states, plus the District of Columbia, that require a certificate of need for hospice agencies. We could not expand into these states unless we obtained a certificate of need. 
 False Claims 
 The federal False Claims Act imposes liability for the knowing presentation of a false claim to the United States government and provides for penalties equal to three times the actual amount of any overpayments plus up to approximately 27,000 per claim. Federal civil penalties will be adjusted to account for inflation each year. In addition, the FCA allows private persons relators to file complaints under seal and provides a period of time for the government to investigate such complaints and determine whether to intervene in them and take over the handling of all or part of such complaints. The government and relators may also allege violations of the FCA for the knowing and improper failure to report and refund amounts owed to the government in a timely manner following identification of an overpayment reverse false claim ). The government deems identification of the overpayment to occur when a person has, or should have through reasonable diligence, determined that an overpayment was received and quantified the overpayment. 
 Because we furnish thousands of similar services a year for which we are reimbursed by Medicare and other federal payors and there is a relatively long statute of limitations, a billing error, cost reporting error or disagreement over physician medical judgment could result in significant damages and civil and criminal penalties under the FCA. Many states have also adopted similar laws relating to state government payments for healthcare services. The 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws amended the FCA to expand the definition of false claim, to make it easier for the government to initiate and conduct investigations, to enhance the monetary reward to relators where prosecutions are ultimately successful, and to extend the statute of limitations on claims by the government. The federal government has become increasingly aggressive in asserting that incidents of erroneous billing or record keeping represent FCA violations and in challenging the medical judgment of independent physicians as the basis for FCA allegations. 
 Relationships between Physicians and Other Providers 
 State and Federal law regulates relationships between physicians and certain healthcare providers. Certain examples material to our business are discussed below. A violation of any such laws by us could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Even the assertion of a violation could have an adverse effect upon our stock price or reputation. For additional discussion of the risks associated with the state and federal rules and regulations and see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Other Regulatory Risks . 
 Anti-Kickback Law . Various state and federal laws regulate relationships between providers of healthcare services, including management or service contracts and investment relationships. Among the most important of these restrictions is a federal law prohibiting the offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of remuneration by individuals or entities to induce referrals of patients for services reimbursed under the Medicare or Medicaid programs (the Anti-Kickback Law ). The 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws amended the federal Anti-Kickback Law to provide that proving violations of this law does not require proving actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation. Another amendment made it clear that Anti-Kickback Law violations can be the basis for claims under the FCA. These changes and those described above related to the FCA, when combined with other recent federal initiatives, are likely to increase investigation and enforcement efforts in the healthcare industry generally. In addition to standard federal criminal and civil sanctions, including imprisonment and penalties of up to 100,000 for each violation plus tripled damages for improper claims, violators of the Anti-Kickback Law may be subject to exclusion from the Medicare and/or Medicaid programs. Federal civil penalties will be adjusted to account for inflation each year. 
 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, (the HHS-OIG has published numerous safe harbors that exempt some practices from enforcement action under the Anti-Kickback Statute. These safe harbors exempt specified activities, including bona-fide employment relationships, contracts for the rental of space or equipment, personal service arrangements, and management contracts, so long as all of the requirements of the safe harbor are met. 
 13 

Physician Self-Referral Law . The federal law commonly known as the Stark law and CMS regulations promulgated under the Stark law prohibit physicians from making referrals for designated health services including separately billable physical and occupational therapy, and home health services, to an entity in which the physician (or an immediate family member) has an investment interest or other financial relationship, subject to certain exceptions. The Stark law also prohibits those entities from filing claims or billing Medicare for those referred services. Violators of the Stark law and regulations may be subject to recoupments, civil monetary sanctions (up to 27,750 for each violation and assessments up to three times the amount claimed for each prohibited service) and exclusion from any federal, state, or other governmental healthcare programs. The statute also provides a penalty of up to 185,009 for a circumvention scheme. Federal civil penalties will be adjusted to account for inflation each year. There are statutory exceptions to the Stark law for many of the customary financial arrangements between physicians and providers, including personal services contracts and leases. However, in order to be afforded protection by a Stark law exception, the financial arrangement must comply with every requirement of the applicable exception. 
 We attempt to structure our relationships to meet one or more exceptions to the Stark law, but the regulations implementing the exceptions are detailed and complex. Accordingly, we cannot assure that every relationship complies fully with the Stark law. 
 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA Anti-Fraud Regulations 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA broadened the scope of certain fraud and abuse laws by adding criminal provisions for healthcare fraud offenses. HIPAA also prohibits incentives intended to influence a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary s choice as to the provider they will use. In addition, HIPAA created new enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud and abuse, including the Medicare Integrity Program, and an incentive program under which individuals can receive a monetary reward for providing information on Medicare fraud and abuse that leads to the recovery of at least a portion of the Medicare funds. Violating HIPAA results in civil and criminal monetary penalties. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights HHS-OCR implemented a permanent HIPAA audit program for healthcare providers nationwide in 2016. As of December 31, 2022, we have not been selected for audit. 
 HIPAA Administrative Simplification and Privacy 
 HIPAA and related U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS regulations require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for certain healthcare claims and payment transactions submitted or received electronically. HIPAA also regulates the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health related information, whether communicated electronically, on paper, or orally. The regulations provide patients with significant rights related to understanding and controlling how their health information is used or disclosed and require healthcare providers to implement administrative, physical, and technical practices to protect the security of individually identifiable health information. 
 The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health HITECH Act modifies and expands the privacy and security requirements of HIPAA. The HITECH Act applies certain of the HIPAA privacy and security requirements directly to business associates of covered entities. The modifications to existing HIPAA requirements include expanded accounting requirements for electronic health records, tighter restrictions on marketing and fundraising, and heightened penalties and enforcement associated with noncompliance. 
 In addition, there are numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives at the federal and state levels addressing patient privacy concerns. HHS-OIG and other regulators have also increasingly interpreted laws and regulations to increase exposure of healthcare providers to allegations of noncompliance. For additional discussion regarding the risks related to HIPAA and HITECH Act compliance, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Other Operational and Financial Risks Other Regulatory Risks , in this Annual Report. 
 Civil Monetary Penalties Law 
 Under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, HHS may impose civil monetary penalties on healthcare providers for a variety of prohibited conduct including, but not limited to, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent reimbursement claims for services; knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim for payment under a federal healthcare program; transferring remuneration or offering to transfer remuneration that the provider knows or should know will induce a beneficiary to use a particular provider or service; and knowing of an overpayment and failing to report and return such overpayment as required. Violations under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law vary depending on the offense and include civil monetary penalties plus treble damages for the amount at issue and may include exclusion from federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. The penalties are adjusted annually by HHS to account for inflation and as such, are subject to further changes. For example, in March 2022, penalties increased from 21,113 to 22,427 for knowingly presenting or causing to be 
 14 

presented false or fraudulent claims, offering or transferring remuneration to induce beneficiaries to use particular providers or services, and knowing of an overpayment and failing to report and return such overpayment. Similarly, penalties increased from 59,527 to 63,231 for knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim. 
 Governmental Review, Audits, and Investigations 
 Medicare reimbursement claims made by healthcare providers, including home health and hospice agencies, are subject to audit from time to time by governmental payors and their agents, such as Medicare Administrative Contractors MACs that act as fiscal intermediaries for all Medicare billings, auditors contracted by CMS, and insurance carriers, as well as the HHS-OIG, CMS, and state Medicaid programs. 
 CMS has developed and instituted various audit programs under which CMS contracts with private companies to conduct claims and medical record audits. These audits are in addition to those conducted by existing MACs. Some contractors are paid a percentage of the overpayments recovered. One type of audit contractor, the Recovery Audit Contractors RACs ), receives claims data directly from MACs on a monthly or quarterly basis and is authorized to review previously paid claims. CMS has authorized RACs to conduct complex reviews of the medical records associated with home health reimbursement claims. 
 CMS has also established contractors known as the Uniform Program Integrity Contractors UPICs ). These contractors conduct audits with a focus on potential fraud and abuse issues. Like the RACs, the UPICs conduct audits and have the ability to refer matters to the HHS-OIG or the United States Department of Justice DOJ ). Unlike RACs, however, UPICs do not receive a specific financial incentive based on the amount of the error. We have, from time to time, received UPICs record requests which have resulted in claim denials on paid claims. 
 The Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation Act 
 In October 2014, the Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation Act IMPACT Act was signed into law requiring the reporting of standardized patient assessment data for quality improvement, payment, and discharge planning purposes across the spectrum of post-acute care providers PACs ), including skilled nursing facilities and home health agencies. The IMPACT Act requires PACs to report: (1) standardized patient assessment data at admission and discharge; (2) quality measures, including functional status, skin integrity, medication reconciliation, incidence of major falls and patient preference regarding treatment and discharge; and (3) resource use measures, including Medicare spending per beneficiary, discharge to community and hospitalization rates of potentially preventable readmissions. Failure to report such data when required would subject a facility to a two percent reduction in market basket prices then in effect. 
 The IMPACT Act further requires HHS and the MedPAC, a commission chartered by Congress to advise it on Medicare payment issues, to study alternative PAC payment models, including payment based upon individual patient characteristics and not care setting, with corresponding Congressional reports required based on such analysis. 
 The IMPACT Act also includes provisions impacting Medicare-certified hospices, including: (1) increasing survey frequency for Medicare-certified hospices to once every 36 months; (2) imposing a medical review process for facilities with a high percentage of stays in excess of 180 days; and (3) updating the annual aggregate Medicare payment cap. 
 Review Choice Demonstration for Home Health Services 
 In June 2019, CMS commenced the Home Health Review Choice Demonstration RCD in Illinois and later expanded the program to four additional states. RCD is intended to test whether pre-claim review improves methods for the identification, investigation, and prosecution of Medicare fraud and whether the pre-claim review helps reduce expenditures while maintaining or improving quality of care. 
 We operate agencies (representing approximately 43 of our home health Medicare claims) in the five RCD states. This demonstration project requires us to incur additional administrative and staffing costs and may impact the timeliness of claims payments given that MACs in Illinois in a prior version of the project had difficulty processing pre-claim reviews on a timely basis. 
 Compliance and Quality of Care 
 The Compliance/Quality of Care Committee s function is to assist our board of directors in fulfilling its fiduciary responsibilities relating to our regulatory compliance and cyber risk management activities and to ensure we deliver quality care to our patients. 
 Our chief compliance officer provides quarterly reports to the Compliance/Quality of Care Committee on patient privacy compliance efforts and related matters. We also maintain an inter-departmental privacy and security committee that 
 15 

generally meets at least quarterly and oversees our programs and initiatives that seek to protect and secure our data and systems. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Overview of Our Employees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 11,000 individuals, none of whom were represented by a labor union. In order to recruit and retain our clinical employees, we maintain a total rewards program that we view as a combination of the tangible components of pay and benefits with the intangible components of a culture that encourages learning, development, and a supportive work environment. We believe our outstanding employee engagement, discussed below, is evidence that our human capital management efforts have been successful. We also believe our ongoing recognition in Modern Healthcare s list of Best Places to Work, Fortune s Top 20 in Healthcare, and many other awards are further evidence of that success. We focus on the following strategic human capital imperatives: 
 maintaining competitive compensation and benefit programs that reward and recognize employee performance; 
 fostering a strong culture that values diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging; and 
 emphasizing employee development and engagement to attract talent and reduce turnover. 
 Compensation and Benefits. 
 Maintaining competitive compensation and benefit programs that reward and recognize employee performance furthers our goal to attract, retain, and motivate employees who will help us deliver high-quality patient care. We are also committed to providing comprehensive benefit options that will allow our employees and their families to live healthier and more secure lives. In our compensation and benefit programs: 
 we provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge, and geographic location; 
 we base annual increases and incentive compensation on merit, which is communicated to employees through our talent management process as part of our annual review procedures; 
 all full-time employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, a retirement plan, tuition assistance through the Enhabit Scholars and Young Scholars Program, employee assistance services, life and disability/accident coverage, an accrual rate for paid days off, and an extended illness benefit program; 
 we provide an employer match on retirement plan contributions; 
 we also offer a wide variety of voluntary benefits that allow employees to select the options that meet their needs, including dental insurance, vision insurance, hospital indemnity insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, supplemental life insurance, disability insurance, health savings accounts, and flexible spending accounts; 
 we have various short-term incentive plans for leadership; and 
 we plan to make annual grants of restricted stock to employees at various levels of leadership to foster a strong sense of ownership and align the interests of management with those of our stockholders. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging. 
 We believe fostering a strong culture that values diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging DEIB allows us to be competitive in recruiting and retaining employees. We were recognized by Modern Healthcare as a Top 100 Best Place to Work for Women and for Diversity in 2019. We maintain a DEIB program overseen by a committee of diverse individuals committed to our mission of A Better Way to Care and supported by a dedicated DEIB Specialist role. The program is further supported by four distinct sub-committees comprising of a broad and cross-functional group, including our leadership and front-line staff. The four components of our inclusion and diversity program are: 
 Attract. Our initiatives include inclusion and diversity training for all employees and as a foundational element of our leadership development curriculum, scholastic partnership with historically black colleges and the use of recruitment tools to help identify diverse talent. We have also developed an inclusion and diversity program to identify and create opportunity for diverse leaders. 
 Welcome. We have a Welcome Ambassador program to ensure that all employees are welcomed to the organization and are aware of our organizational commitment to inclusion and diversity. 
 16 

Support Equip. We use our weekly blasts and podcasts to educate our employees about inclusion and diversity topics, such as unconscious bias. This education supports our employees by equipping them with the informational tools necessary to better foster an inclusive and diverse workplace. 
 Employee Development and Engagement. 
 By promoting employee development and engagement, we believe we can increase our ability to attract and retain nurses, therapists, and other healthcare professionals in a highly competitive environment where staffing shortages are not uncommon. 
 We support the long-term career aspirations of our employees through education and professional development. 
 Education opportunities. We offer our nurses an opportunity to advance their academic degrees at a reduced tuition rate of 20 to 50 of the total program cost. Our full-time nursing and therapy staff also have unlimited access to online education and training to ensure continuing education units are available at no cost. 
 Tuition reimbursement and scholarship programs. Employees also have the opportunity to advance their education through our Enhabit Scholars and Young Scholars scholarship programs, pursuant to which we award tuition reimbursement grants to employees and their dependents. 
 Enhabit Enrichment Center. We offer extensive on-site and regional courses to develop our employees. Courses include clinical, business development, operations, and leadership development programs that help our employees to stay current on best practices, ensure compliance with policies and process, and promote continued growth and development at all levels of the organization. A state-of-the-art classroom and a broadcast studio have been designed to enhance the educational environment to support adult learning principles and sustained impact of our educational programs. 
 Other employee development programs: 
 career ladders that offer paths to develop, demonstrate, and be rewarded for expanded responsibility in nursing, therapy, case management, business development leadership, and operations management; 
 formal coaching and online development library that provides access to a wide range of readily available internal and external content on many topics important for success in current or desired jobs; 
 robust leadership development program that develops employees interested in supervisory positions through executive leadership; and 
 leadership coaching that provides six months of executive coaching to high-performing leaders. 
 To further aid in employee development, we have invested in what we believe to be best-in-class technology to offer on demand learning and development programs, including podcasts and a broadcast studio for enhanced virtual learning. Another important aspect of employee development is succession planning. We annually review our talent to identify potential successors for key positions and to identify candidates for accelerated development based on their performance and potential. The annual process includes an assessment of each employee s promotability based on a set of leadership core competencies defined as part of our talent strategy. 
 Technology 
 We believe our use of technology enhances our competitive position in the markets we serve. Our systems also emphasize interoperability with referral sources and other providers to coordinate care. We have devoted substantial resources, effort, and expertise to leveraging technology to create solutions that improve patient care and operating efficiencies. We deploy and utilize new technologies to improve patient care and achieve operational efficiencies. 
 We use an electronic medical records system that we license under a client service and license agreement with Homecare Homebase. The system manages the entire patient workflow and provides field clinicians with access to patient records, diagnostic information, and notes from prior visits via a mobile application. Real-time, customized feedback and instructions are provided to field clinicians on-site. The system enhances patient data capture and database management, which aids in the development of algorithms that can improve the plan of care. 
 Our information management system s data management and reporting ensure management has access to relevant data needed to make timely, accurate decisions. The system features rules-based algorithms that ensure accountability by escalating tasks and notifying management when processes are delayed. 
 Our information management system also provides real-time market intelligence to members of our sales team, allowing them to quickly identify the most valuable referral sources. Specialty programs integrate individual physician protocols into the system. We believe this creates loyalty for physicians and facilities, generating greater consistency in 
 17 

future referrals. Additionally, a web-based portal allows referring physicians to easily monitor the care and progress of patients and to sign orders electronically. 
 We also work with a predictive analytics platform to improve our data analysis of patient care. We use this predictive analytics platform's models to help identify patients at risk for unplanned hospitalizations. The platform recommends a patient-centered visit utilization plan to promote discharge without hospitalization and prompts continued touch points with discharged patients to identify and prevent post-discharge hospitalizations. The models stratify the patient population based on hospitalization risk and use interactive voice response technologies to increase touch points with high-risk patients. The models also identify home health patients who are potentially better suited and eligible for hospice care, ensuring that our patients receive care from the service line best matching their care needs. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet website address is www.ehab.com, which we use as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, investor presentations and financial information. We make available, free of charge, through our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as soon as reasonably practicable after providing such reports to the SEC. Also, the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, Compliance/Quality of Care Committee, Finance Committee and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Standards of Business Conduct and Ethics, Insider Trading Policy, Recoupment Policy, Amended and Restated Bylaws, Certificate of Incorporation and information regarding certain of our investor presentations, press releases and shareholder communications are available through our website. All of these materials are available free of charge and in print to any shareholder who provides a written request to the Corporate Secretary at 6688 North Central Expressway, Suite 1300 Dallas, Texas 75206. The contents of our website are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any other report or document we file and any reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties, together with all the other information in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, in evaluating Enhabit and Enhabit common stock our stock or our common stock ). This section does not describe all risks that may be applicable to us, our industry, or our business, and it is intended only as a summary of material risk factors. Additional risks and uncertainties we have not or cannot foresee may also adversely affect us in the future. If any of the risks below or other risks or uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report are actually realized, our business and financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Reimbursement Risks 
 Reductions or changes in reimbursement from government or third-party payors could adversely affect our Net service revenue and other operating results. 
 We derive a substantial portion of our Net service revenue from the Medicare program. See Item 1, Business Sources of Revenue in this Annual Report for a table identifying the sources and relative payor mix of our revenues. In addition to many ordinary course reimbursement rate changes that CMS adopts each year as part of its annual rulemaking process for various healthcare provider categories, Congress and certain state legislatures periodically propose significant changes in laws and regulations governing the healthcare system. Many of these changes result in limitations on increases and, in some cases, significant roll-backs or reductions in the levels of payments to healthcare providers. There can be no assurance that future governmental initiatives will not result in pricing freezes, reimbursement reductions, or reduced levels of reimbursement increases that are less than the increases we experience in our costs of operations. There is also no assurance that our patient accounts receivable, particularly during the business integration process, or when transitioning between systems associated with clinical data collection and submission, will be collected in a timely fashion, or at all. Because our percentage of revenues from Medicare exceeds that of many of our competitors, such changes could have a disproportionate impact on our revenues compared to the impact on the revenues of our competitors. 
 Many provisions within the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (as amended, the 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws have impacted or could in the future impact our business, including Medicare reimbursement reductions and promotion of alternative payment models, such as accountable care organizations ACOs and bundled payment initiatives. For Medicare providers like us, the 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws include reductions in CMS s annual adjustments to Medicare reimbursement rates, commonly known as a market basket update. 
 18 

The 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws also require market basket updates for home health and hospice providers to be reduced by a productivity adjustment on an annual basis. The productivity adjustment equals the trailing 10-year average of changes in annual economy-wide private nonfarm business multi-factor productivity. The 2023 Hospice Payment Rate Update Final Rule finalized a 3.8 hospice payment update percentage. This was the result of a 4.1 market basket increase and a 0.3 percentage point productivity adjustment. For home health, CMS finalized an aggregate 0.7 increase which reflects a 4.1 market basket increase, a 0.1 productivity adjustment, a -3.925 permanent behavioral adjustment and an estimated 0.2 increase due to effects from updating the fixed-dollar loss ratio used for determining outlier payments. 
 Other federal legislation can also have a significant direct impact on our Medicare reimbursement. In 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which provided for an automatic 2 reduction of Medicare program payments. This automatic reduction, known as sequestration, began affecting payments received after April 1, 2013. Under current law, for each year through fiscal year 2030, the reimbursement we receive from Medicare, after first considering all annual payment adjustments, including the market basket update, will be reduced by sequestration. The CARES Act temporarily suspended sequestration for the period of May 1 through December 31, 2020. Subsequent legislation extended the sequestration suspension until April 1, 2022. Sequestration resumed on April 1, 2022 but with only a 1 payment reduction through June 30, 2022, at which time the 2 reduction resumed. 
 Additional Medicare payment reductions are also possible under Statutory PAYGO. Statutory PAYGO requires, among other things, that mandatory spending and revenue legislation not increase the federal budget deficit over a five- or ten-year period. If the Office of Management and Budget (the OMB finds there is a deficit in the federal budget, Statutory PAYGO requires OMB to order sequestration of Medicare. In 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (the American Rescue Plan Act ). The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the American Rescue Plan Act would result in budget deficits necessitating a 4 reduction in Medicare program payments for 2022 under Statutory PAYGO unless Congress and the President take action to waive the Statutory PAYGO reductions. The Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act also suspends until 2025 the Statutory PAYGO reductions that would have gone into effect as a result of the American Rescue Plan Act. Concerns held by federal policymakers about the federal deficit, national debt levels, or healthcare spending specifically, including solvency of the Medicare trust fund, could result in enactment of further federal spending reductions, further entitlement reform legislation affecting the Medicare program, and further reductions to provider payments. 
 Each year, MedPAC advises Congress on issues affecting Medicare including, among others, the HH-PPS and the Hospice-PS. In 2020, MedPAC called for future research into Medicare hospice payments and expressed concerns that aggregate payments substantially exceed costs and that there are outlier utilization patterns in the industry. In 2021, MedPAC recommended to Congress, among other things, legislative changes to eliminate the update to the 2021 Medicare base payment rates for hospice, reduce the aggregate payment cap by 20 , and reduce the base payment rate by 5 under the HH-PPS. 
 In 2018, MedPAC reiterated its recommendation that Congress adopt a unified payment system for all post-acute care PAC-PPS in lieu of separate systems for inpatient rehabilitation facilities, skilled nursing facilities, long-term acute care hospitals, and home health agencies. A PAC-PPS would rely on site neutral reimbursement based on patients medical conditions and other clinical factors rather than the care settings. MedPAC found a PAC-PPS to be feasible and desirable but also suggested many existing regulatory requirements should be waived or modified as part of implementing a PAC-PPS. MedPAC previously estimated, although we cannot verify the methodology or the accuracy of that estimate, a PAC-PPS would result in a 1 decrease to home health reimbursements. MedPAC has also called for aligning Medicare regulatory requirements across post-acute providers, although the agency has acknowledged it could take years to complete this effort. Additionally, MedPAC previously has suggested that Medicare should ultimately move from fee for service reimbursement to more integrated delivery payment models. 
 MedPAC also recommended significant changes to the HH-PPS, some of which CMS incorporated into the PDGM system mandated by the 2018 Budget Act and set out in the final rule for the 2019 HH-PPS. Beginning in 2020, PDGM replaced the prior 60-day episode of payment methodology with a 30-day payment period and eliminated therapy usage as a factor in setting payments (that is, more therapy visits led to higher reimbursement). CMS adopted a 4.4 reduction in the base payment rate for 2020 intended to offset the provider behavioral changes that CMS assumed PDGM would drive. The reimbursement and other changes associated with PDGM could have a significant impact on our home health agencies. Likewise, MedPAC s previously recommended changes to the Hospice-PS, including a wage adjustment and a reduction in the hospice aggregate cap by 20 , could have a significant impact on our hospice agencies. 
 There can be no assurance that future governmental action will not result in substantial changes to, or material reduction in, our reimbursements. In any given year, the net effect of statutory and regulatory changes may result in a decrease in our reimbursement rate, and that decrease may occur at a time when our expenses are increasing. As a result, 
 19 

there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For additional discussion of how we are reimbursed by Medicare, see Item 1, Business Sources of Revenue Medicare Reimbursement Regulation, in this Annual Report. 
 Our quality of care and CMS quality reporting requirements could adversely affect the Medicare reimbursement we receive. 
 The focus on alternative payment models and value-based purchasing of healthcare services has, in turn, led to more extensive quality of care reporting requirements. In many cases, the new reporting requirements are linked to reimbursement incentives. For example, home health and hospice agencies are required to submit quality of care data to CMS each year, and the failure to comply results in a 2 reduction in their market basket updates. 
 The IMPACT Act has mandated that CMS adopt several new quality reporting measures for the various post-acute provider types, which we expect will be implemented over the next several years. The adoption of additional quality reporting measures to track and report will require additional time and expense and could affect reimbursement in the future. In healthcare generally, the burdens associated with collecting, recording, and reporting quality data are increasing. Currently, CMS requires home health providers to track and submit patient assessment data to support the calculation of 20 quality of care reporting measures. 
 In addition, CMS has instituted a Star rating methodology for home health agencies to meet the 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws call for more transparent public information on provider quality. All Medicare-certified home health agencies are eligible to receive a Star rating (from 1 to 5 Stars) based on a number of quality of care measures, such as timely initiation of care, drug education provided to patients, fall risk assessment, depression assessments, improvements in bed transferring, and bathing, among others. Failing to maintain satisfactory Star rating scores could affect our rates of reimbursement and patient referrals and have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 There can be no assurance that all of our agencies will meet quality reporting requirements or quality performance in the future, which may result in one or more of our agencies seeing a reduction in its Medicare reimbursements. We, like other healthcare providers, are likely to incur additional expenses in an effort to comply with additional and changing quality reporting requirements. 
 We face periodic and routine reviews, audits, and investigations under our contracts with federal and state government agencies and private payors, and these audits could have adverse findings that may negatively impact our business. 
 As a result of our participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, we are subject to various governmental reviews, audits, and investigations to verify our compliance with these programs and applicable laws and regulations. We also are subject to audits under various federal and state government programs in which third party firms engaged by CMS conduct extensive reviews of claims data and medical and other records to identify potential improper payments under the Medicare program. For additional discussion of the reviews, audits, and investigations to which we are subject, see Item 1, Business Governmental Review, Audits, and Investigations in this Annual Report. 
 The HHS-OIG also conducts audits and has included various home health agency and hospice payment and quality issues in its current workplan. Additionally, private pay sources reserve the right to conduct audits. If billing errors are identified in the sample of reviewed claims, the billing error can be extrapolated to all claims filed which could result in a larger overpayment than originally identified in the sample of reviewed claims. Our costs to respond to and defend reviews, audits and investigations may be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, an adverse review, audit or investigation could result in: 
 required refunding or retroactive adjustment of amounts we have been paid pursuant to the federal or state programs or from private payors; 
 state or federal agencies imposing fines, penalties, and other sanctions on us; 
 loss of our right to participate in the Medicare program, state programs or one or more private payor networks; or 
 damage to our business and reputation in various markets. 
 Efforts to reduce payments to healthcare providers undertaken by third-party payors, conveners, and referral sources could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 Health insurers and managed care companies, including Medicare Advantage plans, may utilize certain third parties, known as conveners, to attempt to control costs. Conveners offer patient placement and care transition services to those 
 20 

payors as well as bundled payment participants, ACOs, and other healthcare providers with the intent of managing post-acute utilization and associated costs. Conveners may influence referral source decisions on which post-acute setting to recommend, as well as how long to remain in a particular setting. Conveners are not healthcare providers and may suggest a post-acute setting or duration of care that may not be appropriate from a clinical perspective, potentially resulting in a costly acute care hospital readmission. 
 We also depend on referrals from physicians, acute care hospitals, and other healthcare providers in the communities we serve. As a result of various alternative payment models, many referral sources are becoming increasingly focused on reducing post-acute costs by eliminating post-acute care referrals. Our ability to attract patients could be adversely affected if any of our home health agencies fail to provide or maintain a reputation for providing high-quality care on a cost-effective basis as compared to other providers. 
 In addition, there are increasing pressures, including as a result of the 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws, from many third-party payors to control healthcare costs and to reduce or limit increases in reimbursement rates for medical services. Our relationships with managed care and nongovernmental third-party payors, such as HMOs and PPOs, are generally governed by negotiated agreements. These agreements set forth the amounts we are entitled to receive for our services, and can add administrative complexity to our billing and collection process. Our Net service revenue and our ability to grow our business with these payors could be adversely affected if we are unable to negotiate and maintain favorable agreements with third-party payors. 
 Changes in our payor mix or the needs of our patients could adversely affect our Net service revenue or our profitability. 
 The reimbursement rates we receive from traditional Medicare Fee for Service are generally higher than those received from other payors. We are attempting to grow the number of Medicare Advantage networks in which we participate, so we expect the payor mix to continue to shift with that growth. Not only do Medicare Advantage and managed care payors generally pay less than Medicare Fee for Service, we also expect bad debt to be slightly higher for patients covered by Medicare Advantage and managed care, as patients typically retain more payment responsibility under those arrangements. Further, it generally is more time and labor intensive to bill claims with Medicare Advantage, meaning our collection cycle will lengthen as we grow the number of Medicare Advantage networks in which we participate. 
 The expansion and growth of Medicaid resulting from the 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws have increased the number of those patients coming to us. Medicaid reimbursement rates are consistently the lowest among those of our payors, and frequently Medicaid patients come to us with other complicating conditions that make treatment more difficult and costly. 
 While we cannot predict the growth of, or changes to, Medicaid, President Biden has stated that he favors extending public health insurance coverage to low-income individuals currently ineligible for Medicaid, which could shift our payor mix to lower reimbursement rate payors. 
 The administration of billings and collections is complex, and our estimates of accounts receivable require us to exercise judgment. Delays in reimbursement due to administrative issues or inadequate reserve estimates may cause financial reporting issues or liquidity problems. 
 The billing and collection of our accounts receivable from payors is subject to numerous and complex administrative processes and requires a significant amount of time and effort, including, but not limited to, the assessment of patient eligibility, the process of pre-authorization, the recording and collection of provider documentation, the timely and complete submission of claims for reimbursement, the application of cash receipts to patient accounts, the timely response to payor denials, and the conduct of collection activities. Additional administrative processes are also required when patients elect to change their third-party payors, i.e., when patients switch from Medicare to Medicare Advantage. 
 In addition, our accounts receivable with Medicare and Medicaid are subject to the complex regulations that govern Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement and rules imposed by nongovernment payors, and a portion of our accounts receivable are typically under medical review by payors. The amount collected may materially differ from the amount billed. Our inability to bill and collect on a timely basis pursuant to these regulations and rules could subject us to payment delays that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Further, if our reserve estimates are inadequate and we do not collect the amount of accounts receivable that we expect in a timely fashion, or at all, our financial position may materially differ from financial results that we have historically recorded. 
 In addition, timing delays in, or unrealized levels of, billings and collections may cause working capital shortages. Working capital management, including prompt and diligent billing and collection, is an important factor in our financial position and results of operations and in maintaining liquidity. It is possible that Medicare, Medicaid, documentation support, system problems or other provider issues or industry trends, particularly with respect to newly acquired entities for 
 21 

which we have limited operational experience, may extend our collection period, which may materially adversely affect our working capital, and our working capital management procedures may not successfully mitigate this risk. 
 Medicare reimbursement of hospice services is subject to caps, which may result in our having to reimburse Medicare for certain amounts previously paid to us. 
 Payments made by Medicare to each hospice provider are subject to an inpatient cap amount and an overall payment cap amount, which are calculated and published by the Medicare fiscal intermediary on an annual basis covering the period from October 1 through September 30. If payments made to our hospice providers exceed either of these caps, we may be required to reimburse Medicare for payments received in excess of the caps, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Other Regulatory Risks 
 The ongoing evolution of the healthcare delivery system, including alternative payment models and value-based purchasing initiatives, may significantly affect our business and results of operations. 
 The healthcare industry faces regulatory uncertainty around attempts to improve outcomes and reduce costs, including coordinated care and integrated delivery payment models. In an integrated delivery payment model, hospitals, physicians, and other care providers are incentivized to coordinate healthcare on a more efficient, patient-centered basis. Providers are paid based on the overall value and quality, rather than the number, of services provided. While this is consistent with our goal and proven track record of being a high-quality, cost-effective provider, broad-based implementation of a new delivery payment model would disrupt the healthcare industry, which may have a significant impact on our business and results of operations. 
 In recent years, HHS has been studying the feasibility of bundling, including conducting a voluntary, multi-year bundling pilot program to test and evaluate alternative payment methodologies. CMS s voluntary BPCI Advanced initiative runs through December 31, 2023 and covers 29 types of inpatient and three types of outpatient clinical episodes, including stroke and hip fracture. Accordingly, reimbursement may be increased or decreased, compared to what would otherwise be due, based on whether the total Medicare expenditures and patient outcomes meet, exceed, or fall short of the targets. 
 Similarly, CMS has established several ACO programs, the largest of which is the Medicare Shared Savings Program MSSP ), a voluntary ACO program in which hospitals, physicians, and other care providers pursue the delivery of coordinated healthcare on a more efficient, patient-centered basis. Conceptually, ACOs receive a portion of any savings generated from care coordination as long as benchmarks for the quality of care are maintained. The ACO rules are extremely complex and remain subject to further refinement by CMS. 
 Additionally, as the number and types of bundling, direct contracting, and ACO models increase, the number of Medicare beneficiaries who are treated in these models increases. Our unwillingness or inability to participate in integrated delivery payment and other alternative payment models and the referral patterns of other providers participating in those models may limit our access to Medicare patients who would benefit from treatment by home health services. In an attempt to reduce costs, ACOs may seek to discourage referrals to post-acute care altogether. For further discussion of coordinated care and integrated delivery payment models and value-based purchasing initiatives, the associated challenges, and our efforts to respond to them, see Item 1, Business Our Industries and Opportunity Emphasis on Value-Based Payment Models , in this Annual Report. 
 Other legislative and regulatory initiatives and changes affecting the industry could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 In addition to the legislative and regulatory actions that directly affect our reimbursement rates or further the evolution of the current healthcare delivery system, other legislative and regulatory changes, including as a result of ongoing healthcare reform, affect healthcare providers like us from time to time. For example, the 2010 Healthcare Reform Laws provide for the expansion of the federal Anti-Kickback Law and the False Claims Act (the FCA ), likely increasing investigation and enforcement efforts in the healthcare industry generally. Changes include increased resources for enforcement, lowered burden of proof for the government in healthcare fraud matters, expanded definition of claims under the FCA, enhanced penalties, and increased rewards for relators in successful prosecutions. CMS may also suspend payment for claims prospectively if, in its opinion, credible allegations of fraud exist. The initial suspension period may be up to 180 days. However, the payment suspension period can be extended almost indefinitely if the matter is under investigation by the HHS-OIG or the DOJ. Any such suspension would adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Some states in which we operate have also undertaken, or are considering, healthcare reform initiatives that address similar issues. While many of the stated goals of other federal and state reform initiatives are consistent with our own goal to provide high-quality and cost-effective care, legislation and regulatory proposals may lower reimbursements, increase 
 22 

the cost of compliance, decrease patient volumes, promote frivolous or baseless litigation, and otherwise adversely affect our business. We cannot predict what healthcare initiatives, if any, will be enacted, implemented, or amended, or the effect any future legislation or regulation will have on us. 
 In 2019, CMS adopted a new rule as called for by the IMPACT Act that revises the discharge planning requirements applicable to our home health agencies. This rule requires hospitals to institute standardized procedures to identify those patients who are likely to suffer adverse health consequences upon discharge in the absence of adequate discharge planning and to provide a discharge planning evaluation for such patients to ensure that appropriate arrangements for post-hospital care are made before discharge. The rule requires that home health agencies develop and implement an effective discharge planning process. Home health agencies must also send certain medical and other information to the post-discharge facility or health care practitioner and comply with requests for additional information as necessary for treatment of the patient. The rule will likely require implementation of new processes and modification of existing discharge forms and reports, and patient visits may need to be extended in order to accommodate patient education. We expect to incur additional one-time and recurring expenses to comply with the new requirements, but at this time we cannot predict what the final impact will be. In areas where we are not part of a managed care network with significant enrollment, this discharge planning rule may negatively affect the number of patients choosing us. 
 We cannot predict what legislative or regulatory reforms or changes, if any, will ultimately be enacted or the timing or effect any of those changes or reforms will have on us. If enacted, they may be challenging for all providers, and have the effect of limiting Medicare beneficiaries access to healthcare services, which could have a material adverse impact on our Net service revenue , financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For additional discussion of healthcare reform and other factors affecting reimbursement for our services, see Item 1, Business Regulation Sources of Revenue Medicare Reimbursement , in this Annual Report. 
 Compliance with the extensive laws and government regulations applicable to healthcare providers requires substantial time, effort, and expense, and if we fail to comply with them, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. 
 Healthcare providers are required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state, and local government levels. These laws and regulations relate to, among other things: 
 licensure, certification, enrollments, and accreditation; 
 policies, at either the national or local level, delineating what conditions must be met to qualify for reimbursement under Medicare (also referred to as coverage requirements); 
 coding and billing for services; 
 relationships with physicians and other referral sources, including physician self-referral and anti-kickback laws; 
 quality of medical care; 
 use and maintenance of medical supplies and equipment; 
 maintenance, security and privacy of patient information and medical records, including electronic health data and health system interoperability; 
 minimum staffing; 
 acquisition and dispensing of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances; and 
 disposal of medical and hazardous waste. 
 In the future, changes in these laws or regulations or the manner in which they are enforced could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs, operating procedures, and contractual arrangements, as well as the way in which we deliver home health and hospice services. Those changes could also affect reimbursements as well as future compliance, training, and staffing costs. 
 Examples of regulatory changes that can affect our business, beyond direct changes to Medicare reimbursement rates, can be found from time to time in CMS s annual rulemaking. For example, to implement the 2018 Budget Act, the final rule for the 2019 Hospice-PS amended the hospice regulations to permit physician assistants to serve as attending physicians for patients in addition to physicians and nurse practitioners. In addition, the use of sub-regulatory guidance, statistical sampling, and extrapolation by CMS, Medicare contractors, HHS-OIG, and DOJ to deny claims, expand 
 23 

enforcement claims, and advocate for changes in reimbursement policy increases the risk that we could experience reduced revenue, suffer penalties, or be required to make significant changes to our operations. 
 Because Medicare comprises a significant portion of our Net service revenue , failure to comply with the laws and regulations governing the Medicare program and related matters, including anti-kickback and anti-fraud requirements, could materially and adversely affect us. Settlements of alleged violations or imposed reductions in reimbursements, substantial damages and other remedies assessed against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Even the assertion of a violation, depending on its nature, could have a material adverse effect upon our stock price or reputation and could cost us significant time and expense to defend. 
 If any of our home health or hospice agencies fail to comply with the Medicare enrollment requirements or conditions of participation, that agency could be subject to sanctions or terminated from the Medicare program. 
 Each of our home health and hospice agencies must comply with extensive enrollment requirements and conditions of participation for the Medicare program. Failure to comply with applicable certification requirements may make our agencies ineligible for Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement. A determination by a regulatory authority that an agency is not in compliance with applicable requirements could also lead to the assessment of fines or other penalties, loss of licensure, exclusion from participation in Medicare and Medicaid, and the imposition of requirements that the offending agency must take corrective action. In addition, Medicare or Medicaid may seek retroactive reimbursement from noncompliant providers or otherwise impose sanctions for noncompliance. 
 Non-governmental payors often have the right to terminate provider contracts if the provider loses its Medicare or Medicaid certification. Termination of one or more of our care centers from the Medicare program for failure to satisfy the program s conditions of participation, or the imposition of alternative sanctions, could disrupt operations, require significant attention by management, or have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Federal regulation may impair our ability to consummate acquisitions or open new agencies. 
 Changes in federal laws or regulations may materially adversely impact our ability to acquire home health agencies or open de novo home health agencies. For example, CMS has adopted a regulation known as the 36 Month Rule that is applicable to home health agency acquisitions. Subject to certain exceptions, the 36 Month Rule prohibits buyers of certain home health agencies those that either enrolled in Medicare or underwent a change in ownership within 36 months before the acquisitions from assuming the Medicare billing privileges of the acquired agency. Instead, the acquired home health agencies must enroll as new providers with Medicare. As a result, the 36 Month Rule may further increase competition for acquisition targets that are not subject to the rule and may cause significant Medicare billing delays for the purchases of home health agencies that are subject to the rule. 
 Other Operational and Financial Risks 
 The proper function, availability, and security of our information systems are critical to our business, and failure to maintain them or to protect our data against unauthorized access could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We are required to comply with HIPAA regulations regarding the privacy and security of protected health information, as well as state laws that focus on privacy, security, and notification requirements with regard to personal information. The HIPAA regulations impose significant requirements on providers and our third party vendors with regard to how such protected health information may be used and disclosed. Further, the regulations include extensive and complex requirements for providers to establish reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of protected health information. HIPAA directs the Secretary of HHS to periodically audit compliance by covered entities. 
 We are and will remain dependent on the proper function, availability, and security of our (and third parties') information systems, including our electronic clinical information system. We expend significant capital to protect our information systems and the data maintained within those systems from security breaches, including cyber-attacks, email phishing schemes, malware, and ransomware, and we periodically test the adequacy of our security and disaster recovery measures. We have implemented administrative, technical, and physical controls to prevent unauthorized access to that data, which includes patient information and other sensitive information, but we routinely identify attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems. 
 Given the rapidly evolving nature and proliferation of cyber threats, there can be no assurance our training and network security measures or other controls will detect, prevent, or remediate security or data breaches in a timely manner or otherwise prevent unauthorized access to, damage to, or interruption of our systems and operations. In recent years, several hospitals have reported being victims of ransomware attacks in which they lost access to their systems, including 
 24 

clinical systems, during the course of the attacks. There have been other recent significant incidents of software vendor compromises. Threat actors continue to attempt to exploit commonly used software and services to gain remote access to a large number of their customers information systems. For example, in August 2021, Microsoft, our email exchange service provider, reported a vulnerability within its email exchange services which attackers can use to remotely bypass the access control list then elevate privileges . We are likely to face attempted attacks in the future. 
 A compromise of our network security measures or other controls, or of those businesses or vendors with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged or used by unauthorized persons or unavailability of systems necessary to the operation of our business, could impact patient care, harm our reputation, and exposes us to significant remedial costs as well as regulatory actions (fines and penalties) and claims from patients, financial institutions, regulatory and law enforcement agencies, and other persons, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. A security breach, or threat thereof, could require that we expend significant resources to repair or improve our information systems and infrastructure and could distract management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties. In the case of a material breach or cyber-attack, the associated expenses and losses may exceed our current insurance coverage for such events. Some adverse consequences may not be insured, such as reputational harm and third-party business interruption. Failure to maintain proper function, security, or availability of our information systems or protect our data against unauthorized access, or the failure of one or more of our key partners, vendors, or other counterparties to do these things, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 If we are unable to provide a consistently high quality of care, our business will be adversely impacted. 
 Providing quality patient care is fundamental to our business. We believe hospitals, physicians and other referral sources refer patients to us in large part because of our reputation for delivering quality care. Clinical quality is becoming increasingly important within our industry. For example, Medicare imposes a financial penalty upon hospitals that have excessive rates of patient readmissions within 30 days from hospital discharge. We believe this regulation provides a competitive advantage to home health providers who can differentiate themselves based upon quality, particularly by achieving low patient acute care hospital readmission rates and by implementing disease management programs designed to be responsive to the needs of patients served by referring hospitals. If we fail to attain our goals regarding acute care hospital readmission rates and other quality metrics, we expect our ability to generate referrals to be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Additionally, Medicare has established consumer-facing websites, Home Health Compare and Hospice Compare, that present data regarding our performance on certain quality measures compared to state and national averages. Failure to achieve or exceed these averages may affect our ability to generate referrals, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We face intense competition for patients from other healthcare providers. 
 We operate in the highly competitive and fragmented home health and hospice industries. Our primary competitors in home health services are two large insurance companies, a large public home health company, privately owned home health and hospice companies, and acute care hospitals with adjunct home health services. We compete with a variety of companies in both home health and hospice, some of which have greater financial and other resources, advantages of scale and more established presences in their respective communities. 
 Competing companies may offer newer or different services from those we offer or have better relationships with referring physicians and may thereby attract patients who are presently, or would be candidates for, receiving our services. Other companies, including hospitals and other healthcare organizations that are not currently providing competing services, may expand their services to include home health, hospice care, or similar services. In several states in which we operate, a majority of the Medicare Advantage patients within the state are insured by two large managed care companies that either currently offer home health services or are actively pursuing the acquisition of a business that offers home health services. The managed care companies have substantial resources and existing relationships with customers, which may serve as a large patient base for their current or future home health services. Competition by these managed care companies in home health services may adversely affect our growth strategy of capturing greater Medicare Advantage volumes. 
 In addition, from time to time, there are efforts in states with certificate of need laws to weaken those laws, which could potentially increase competition in those states. Conversely, competition and statutory procedural requirements in some CON states may inhibit our ability to expand our operations in those states. For a breakdown of the CON status of the states and territories in which we have operations, see Item 2, Properties , in this Annual Report. There can be no assurance current or future competition will not adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 25 

If we are unable to maintain or develop relationships with patient referral sources, our growth and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in large part on referrals from physicians, hospitals, case managers and other patient referral sources in the communities we serve. By law, referral sources cannot be contractually obligated to refer patients to any specific provider. However, there can be no assurance that individuals will not attempt to steer patients to competing post-acute providers or otherwise limit our access to potential referrals. The establishment of joint ventures or networks between referral sources, such as acute care hospitals, and other post-acute providers may hinder patient referrals to us. The growing emphasis on integrated care delivery across the healthcare continuum increases that risk. 
 In 2022, we admitted approximately 23,000 patients following their discharge from an Encompass rehabilitation hospital. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain our existing referral source relationships, including with Encompass, or that we will be able to develop and maintain new relationships in existing or new markets. Some of our business practices related to care coordination and transitions of care from Encompass changed following the separation. Our loss of, or failure to maintain, existing relationships or our failure to develop new relationships could adversely affect our ability to grow our business and operate profitably. 
 We may make investments or complete transactions that could expose us to unforeseen risks and liabilities. Further, we may not be able to successfully integrate acquisitions or realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions. 
 We selectively pursue strategic acquisitions of, and in some instances joint ventures with, other healthcare providers. We may face limitations on our ability to identify sufficient acquisition or other development targets and to complete those transactions to meet goals. In the home health industry, there is significant competition to acquire companies that have a large number of locations. 
 Any acquisitions, investments, and joint ventures that we complete, involve numerous risks, including: 
 legal and regulatory limitations on our ability to complete such acquisitions, particularly those involving not for profit providers, on terms, timelines, and valuations reasonable to us; 
 obtaining financing for acquisitions at a cost reasonable to us; 
 difficulties integrating acquired operations, personnel, and information systems, and in realizing projected revenues, efficiencies, and cost savings, or returns on invested capital; 
 entry into markets, businesses, or services in which we may have little or no experience; 
 diversion of business resources or management s attention from ongoing business operations; and 
 exposure to undisclosed or unforeseen liabilities of acquired operations, including liabilities for failure to comply with healthcare laws and anti-trust considerations in specific markets, successor liability imposed by Medicare, and risks and liabilities related to previously compromised information systems. 
 There may be substantial difficulties, costs and delays involved in the integration of acquired businesses. Additionally, an acquisition could disrupt our business and operations and our relationships with customers, employees, and other parties. In some cases, the acquired business has itself grown through acquisitions, and there may be legacy systems, operating policies and procedures, and financial and administrative practices yet to be fully integrated. To the extent we are attempting to integrate multiple businesses at the same time, we may not be able to do so as efficiently or effectively as we initially anticipate. The failure to successfully integrate on a timely basis any acquired business could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, acquired businesses may not contribute to our revenues or earnings to the extent anticipated, and any expected synergies may not be realized. If the acquired businesses underperform, we may be required to take an impairment charge. Failure to achieve the anticipated benefits could also divert management s time and energy and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our business depends on the ability of our employees to travel via fleet vehicles or their personal vehicles, and our business operations may be impacted by rising costs of fuel and access to fleet vehicles. 
 To provide home health and hospice services, our employees must drive to our patients using either company fleet vehicles or personal vehicles. For the company fleet vehicles, we reimburse our employees out-of-pocket expenses, including fuel cost, and we reimburse our employees using their personal vehicles for mileage pursuant to an established reimbursement methodology. Fluctuations in fuel prices affect our cost per visit and per patient day, and in an environment of increasing fuel prices, our cost per visit and per patient visit can increase due to factors beyond our control. Additionally, 
 26 

recent supply chain issues have impacted the number of fleet vehicles available for use by our employees, as our ability to obtain replacement or purchase new vehicles in a timely matter has been hindered. If the costs associated with fuel, repair expenses, and new fleet vehicles continue to rise, our future operations and financial results may be adversely affected, and our profits and profit margins will likely be reduced. 
 Competition for staffing, shortages of qualified personnel or other factors may increase our staffing costs and reduce profitability. 
 Our operations are dependent on the efforts, abilities, and experience of our medical personnel, such as physical therapists, occupational therapists, speech pathologists, nurses, and other healthcare professionals. We compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel responsible for the daily operations of each of our locations. Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel depends on several factors, including our ability to provide competitive wages and benefits. In some markets, the lack of availability of medical personnel is a significant operating issue facing all healthcare providers, including us. A shortage may require us to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain qualified personnel or to contract for more expensive temporary personnel. Our failure to recruit and retain qualified medical personnel could cause the quality of our services to decline or our ability to grow may be constrained. 
 If our staffing costs increase, we may not experience reimbursement rate or pricing increases to offset these additional costs. Because a significant percentage of our revenues consists of fixed, prospective payments, our ability to pass along increased staffing costs is limited. In particular, if staffing costs rise at an annual rate greater than our net annual market basket update from Medicare, as is expected to happen in 2023, or we experience a significant shift in our payor mix to lower rate payors such as Medicaid, our results of operations and cash flows will be adversely affected. Conversely, decreases in reimbursement revenues, such as with sequestration and PDGM reimbursement rate reductions, may limit our ability to increase compensation or benefits to the extent necessary to retain key employees, in turn increasing our turnover and associated costs. 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry in which healthcare providers are routinely subject to litigation, the outcome of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry in which healthcare providers are routinely subject to litigation. Various lawsuits, claims, and legal and regulatory proceedings have been and can be expected to be instituted or asserted against us. We are a defendant in a number of lawsuits, most of which are general and professional liability matters inherent in treating patients with medical conditions. 
 On any given day, we have thousands of care providers driving to and from the homes of patients where we provide services and administer care to individuals with a variety of serious, sometimes terminal, medical conditions. We cannot predict the impact any claims arising out of the travel, the home visits or the care being provided (regardless of their ultimate outcomes) could have on our business or reputation or on our ability to attract and retain patients and employees. 
 Substantial damages, fines or other remedies assessed against us or agreed to in settlements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, the costs of defending litigation and investigations, even if frivolous or non-meritorious, could be significant. We also cannot predict the adequacy of any reserves for such losses or recoveries from any insurance or re-insurance policies we maintain, and there can be no guarantee that our insurance policies cover all risks that our business may face. 
 We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, and that debt or the associated increased leverage may have negative consequences for our business. The restrictive covenants included in the terms of our indebtedness could affect our ability to execute aspects of our business plan successfully. 
 In connection with our separation from Encompass, we entered into a 400.0 million term loan A facility and a 350.0 million revolving credit facility. Subject to specified limitations, the credit agreement governing this indebtedness will permit us and our subsidiaries to incur additional debt. Any additional debt that we incur could exacerbate these risks. 
 Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including: 
 limit our ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy and other general corporate purposes; 
 make us more vulnerable to unfavorable economic, industry and competitive conditions and government regulation by limiting our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changing conditions; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with competing providers that have less debt; and 
 27 

expose us to risks inherent in interest rate fluctuations, which could result in higher interest expense, as discussed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in this Annual Report. 
 We cannot assure that changes in our business or other factors will prevent us from satisfying obligations under our credit agreement or other future debt instruments. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt and any other cash payment obligations, we may have to refinance all or a portion of our debt, obtain additional financing, reduce expenditures, or sell assets we deem necessary to our business. We cannot assure that these measures would be possible or any additional financing could be obtained. 
 In addition, the various restrictive covenants in our credit agreements could also adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs and pursue available business opportunities. Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants and maintain the required financial tests and ratios. Failure to comply with any of the covenants in our existing or future financing agreements could result in a default under those agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. A default that occurs, and is not cured within any applicable cure period or is not waived, would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. For additional discussion of our indebtedness, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources , in this Annual Report, and Note 9, Long-term Debt , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 A pandemic, public health catastrophe or other unforeseen event, including regional or global socio-political conflicts, war, terrorism, or other man-made or natural disasters, could materially impact our operations. 
 Our operations are vulnerable to disruption from the occurrence of pandemics, including COVID-19, and other public health catastrophes. For example, future federal, state, or local laws, regulations, orders or other governmental or regulatory actions addressing a pandemic or a future public health catastrophe, including without limitation vaccine mandates, shelter-in-place orders, and other government-mandated business closures, could limit our ability to operate efficiently and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. A pandemic or a future public health catastrophe could also, among other things, exacerbate staffing shortages, increase our costs, decrease institutional referrals, reduce elective health care procedures, restrict in-home visits and visits in assisted living facilities, or reduce patient volumes. Because the majority of our patients have complex medical challenges, they may be more vulnerable than the general public during a pandemic or other public health catastrophe, and our employees are at greater risk of contracting contagious diseases due to their increased exposure to vulnerable patients. In addition, supply chain disruptions caused by a pandemic or a future public health catastrophe could increase our expenses for necessary equipment, pharmaceuticals, and medical supplies, including without limitation, personal protective equipment PPE ). All of these potential effects would have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and operations results. 
 Other unforeseen events, including acts of violence, war, terrorism, and other international, regional, or local instability or conflicts (including labor issues), embargoes, or natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and floods whether occurring in the United States or abroad could restrict or disrupt our operations. Among other undesirable effects, such events could cause volatility in global financial markets, the global supply chain, and the global credit and equity markets, and could cause our costs to increase. There can be no assurance that such events would not cause our business, financial condition, and operations results to suffer. 
 Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. 
 As a public company, we will be required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting in order to satisfy the rules and regulations of the SEC, which will require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm that addresses the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. During the course of our testing, we may identify additional material weaknesses and conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting resulting in our independent auditors issuing an adverse opinion on our internal control over financial reporting, then investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 
 We have identified internal control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may be 
 28 

unable to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Management identified two material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. See Item 9A, Controls and Procedures in this Annual Report for additional information. 
 If we fail to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information accurately, and to prepare the consolidated financial statements within the time periods specified by the rules and regulations of the SEC could be adversely affected. An inability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information accurately could cause our investors to lose confidence in our publicly reported information, cause the market price of our stock to decline, expose us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, or impact our results of operations. 
 The carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets is subject to impairment testing and may result in the incurrence of impairment charges and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of 1.1 billion and intangible assets of 102.6 million. The net carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date or subsequent impairment date, if applicable. The net carrying value of intangible assets represents the fair value of certificates of need, licenses, noncompete agreements, trade names, internal-use software, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date or subsequent impairment date, if applicable, net of accumulated amortization, if applicable. Goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, and therefore must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment or when events occur or circumstances change that could potentially reduce the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset. Amortized intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be recoverable. Impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control, such as increasing competitive pricing pressures, lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates, changes in industry EBITDA multiples or changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital, interest rates, etc. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of the quantitative impairment analysis performed, we recorded impairment charges totaling 109.0 million for the Home Health reporting unit. Any additional impairment to goodwill or other intangible assets in future periods could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates , in this Annual Report. 
 Risks Related to Our Recent Separation from Encompass 
 We may not realize some or all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational, marketing, or other anticipated benefits from our separation from Encompass, or the realization of such anticipated benefits may be delayed by a variety of circumstances outside of our control. In addition, the following risks exist following our separation from Encompass: 
 
 We are a smaller and less diversified company with a narrower business focus and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions than we were before the separation. 
 The separation from Encompass was structured as a transaction that was generally tax-free to Encompass and its stockholders pursuant to Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Service Code, and it was supported by a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS and an opinion of outside counsel. If any of the facts, assumptions, representations, statements or undertakings underlying the private letter ruling or the opinion of counsel are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, or if either Encompass or we breach any of the applicable representations or covenants contained in the separation and distribution agreement and certain other agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the private letter ruling or the opinion of counsel, the private letter ruling or opinion of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Notwithstanding receipt of an IRS private letter ruling and an opinion of counsel, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert that our separation from Encompass does not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were to prevail with such a challenge, we, as well as Encompass and Encompass s stockholders, could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liability and indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement entered into between 
 29 

Encompass and us in connection with the separation. If the distribution does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, as well as Encompass and Encompass s stockholders, could be subject to significant tax liabilities, and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify Encompass for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement. 
 Although Encompass has agreed to indemnify for us for certain liabilities after the separation, third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Encompass has agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that an indemnity from Encompass will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Encompass will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Encompass any amounts for which we are held liable, we may temporarily bear these losses. 
 We may not be able to resolve favorably any disputes that arise between us and Encompass relating to our ongoing relationship, including without limitation labor, tax, employee benefit, and indemnification matters and the nature, quality, and pricing of services. 
 Our ability to engage in significant strategic transactions and equity issuances may temporarily be limited or restricted in order to preserve, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax-free nature of the distribution. Even if the distribution otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, it may result in corporate level taxable gain to Encompass (and potential liability to us under our agreements with Encompass) under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50 or more, by vote or value, of shares of our stock or Encompass s stock are acquired or issued as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the distribution. The process for determining whether an acquisition or issuance triggering these provisions has occurred is complex and inherently factual. Any acquisitions or issuances of our stock or Encompass stock within the four-year period beginning on the date which is two years before the date of the distribution generally are presumed to be part of such a plan, although we or Encompass, as applicable, may be able to rebut that presumption. Under the tax matters agreement with Encompass, we generally are responsible for any taxes imposed on Encompass that arise from the failure of the distribution to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, within the meaning of Section 355 of the Code, to the extent such failure to so qualify is attributable to actions, events or transactions relating to our stock, assets or business, or a breach of the relevant representations or covenants made by us in the tax matters agreement. 
 Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial positions, results of operations and cash flows. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of Enhabit, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 
 rules regarding the number of votes of stockholders required to amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approve a business combination; 
 limitations on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings; 
 the right of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; 
 rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings; and 
 the ability of our directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on our board of directors. 
 In addition, because we have not elected to be exempt from Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, this provision could also delay or prevent a change of control that you may favor. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15 of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation (an interested stockholder shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following 
 30 

the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock; or (iii) after our board of directors approves the business consideration, it is authorized at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Furthermore, our board of directors has the power, subject to applicable law, to issue series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of the series, impede the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt that some, or a majority, of the stockholders may believe to be in their best interests or in which stockholders would have received a premium for their stock over the then-prevailing market price of the stock. For instance, subject to applicable law, a series of preferred stock may impede a business combination by including class voting rights, which would enable the holder or holders of such series to block a proposed transaction. Our board of directors will make any determination to issue shares of preferred stock on its judgment as to our and our stockholders best interests. 
 Although we believe these provisions will protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of Enhabit and its stockholders. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We currently maintain our principal executive office at 6688 N. Central Expressway, Ste. 1300, Dallas, Texas 75206, the lease for which expires in May 2024 and has a renewal option for an additional five-year term. The lease was renewed 
 in March 2023. See Note 6, Leases , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about the renewal of the lease. 
 In addition to our home office, as of December 31, 2022, we leased through various consolidated entities 283 agency offices. Our home health and hospice locations are in the localities served by that business and are subject to relatively small space leases, primarily of 5,000 square feet or less. Those space leases are typically five years or less in term. We do not believe any one of our individual properties is material to our consolidated operations. Our principal executive office and other properties are suitable for their respective uses and are, in all material respects, adequate for our present needs. 
 31 

The following table sets forth information regarding our home health and hospice locations as of December 31, 2022: 
 State Home Health Locations Hospice Locations Total Alabama+ 29 27 56 Alaska 1 1 2 Arizona 5 1 6 Arkansas+ 3 2 5 Colorado 6 2 8 Connecticut 1 1 Florida 23 23 Georgia+ 20 4 24 Idaho 7 6 13 Illinois 3 3 Indiana 1 1 Kansas 4 2 6 Kentucky+ 3 3 Louisiana 1 2 3 Maryland+ 3 3 Massachusetts 5 5 Mississippi+ 9 11 20 Missouri 1 1 2 Montana 3 5 8 Nevada 3 1 4 New Mexico 5 3 8 North Carolina+ 6 6 Ohio 1 1 Oklahoma 19 2 21 Oregon 2 2 Pennsylvania 3 1 4 Rhode Island+ 1 1 South Carolina+ 3 1 4 Tennessee+ 7 1 8 Texas 51 20 71 Utah 6 6 12 Virginia 11 2 13 Washington+ 1 1 2 Wyoming 5 3 8 252 105 357 
 
 + Home health certificate of need state. 
 Hospice certificate of need state. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We provide services in the highly regulated healthcare industry. In the ordinary course of our business, we are a party to various legal actions, proceedings, and claims as well as regulatory and other governmental audits and investigations. These matters could potentially subject us to sanctions, damages, recoupments, fines, and other penalties. Some of these matters have been material to us in the past, and others in the future may, either individually or in the aggregate, be material and adverse to our business, financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. We do not believe any of our pending legal proceedings are material to us, but there can be no assurance our assessment will not change based on future developments. 
 On January 13, 2022, the Federal Trade Commission FTC issued a Civil Investigative Demand CID to Encompass Health Corporation in connection with an investigation into unfair methods of competition by companies providing home health aide or personal care aide services. Following responses to the CID by Encompass Health 
 32 

Corporation and Enhabit, Inc. as successor to Encompass Health Corporation s home health and hospice business, on October 6, 2022, the FTC informed Encompass Health Corporation that no further response to the CID would be required. 
 Additionally, the FCA allows relators to institute civil proceedings on behalf of the United States alleging violations of the FCA. These lawsuits, also known as qui tam actions, are common in the healthcare industry and can involve significant monetary damages, fines, attorneys fees, and the award of bounties to the relators who successfully prosecute or bring these suits to the government. It is possible that qui tam lawsuits have been filed against us, which suits remain under seal, or that we are unaware of such filings or precluded by existing law or court order from discussing or disclosing the filing of such suits. For additional discussion regarding the FCA, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Other Regulatory Risks . 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 33 

Part II. 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EHAB. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of the close of business on April 11, 2023, approximately 5,600 holders of record held our common stock. This number of holders of record does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because shares are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of individual owners who have the right to vote their shares. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not expect to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Future decisions concerning the payment of dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital expenditure plans and debt service requirements, as well as such other factors that our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may consider relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of stockholders. 
 Comparison of Total Stockholder Return 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder returns of Enhabit s common stock with the cumulative total stockholder returns of the S P 500 Index and the S P Health Care Service Select Constituents Industry Index (the S P Health Care Service Index ). Data for the S P 500 Index and S P Health Care Service Constituents Index assume reinvestment of dividends. The graph assumes that 100 was invested at market close on July 1, 2022, which was the first day that our common stock began trading. The graph uses the closing market price on July 1, 2022 of 22.74 per share as the initial value of a share of our common stock. 
 
 34 

This performance graph and other information furnished under this Comparison of Total Stockholder Return section shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 

Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This section is designed to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors that may affect our future results. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear in Item 15, Financial Statements and Exhibits in this Annual Report. 
 This discussion also contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and industry that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Our future results and financial condition may differ materially from those we currently anticipate as a result of the factors we describe under the sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, and Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Annual Report. 
 For a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 to 2020, see Item 1, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Form 10 date d Ju n e 1 4 , 202 2 . 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of home health and hospice services in the United States. We strive to provide superior, cost-effective care where patients prefer it: in their homes. For over twenty years, we have provided care in the low-cost home setting while achieving high-quality clinical outcomes. Over that time, we have grown to become the fourth largest provider of home health services and a leading provider of hospice services nationally, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues. As of December 31, 2022, our footprint comprised 252 home health and 105 hospice locations across 34 states. 
 Our operations are principally managed on a services basis and include two operating segments for financial reporting purposes: (1) home health; and (2) hospice. For additional information about our business and reportable segments, see Item 1, Business , Item 1A, Risk Factors, Segment Results of Operations , and Note 15, Segment Reporting , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 There are a number of factors that have impacted, and we believe will continue to impact, our results of operations and growth. These factors include: 
 Pricing 
 Generally, the pricing we receive for our services is based on reimbursement rates from payors. Because we derive a substantial portion of our Net service revenue from the Medicare program, our results of operations are heavily impacted by changes in Medicare reimbursement rates. 
 Medicare reimbursement rates are subject to change annually, with the potential for more sweeping changes from time to time as a result of Congressional or state legislation. See Item 1, Business, and Item 1A, Risk Factors, and S egment Results of Operations in this Annual Report, as well as Note 15, Segment Reporting , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 We are also impacted by changes in reimbursement rates by other payors, and in particular, Medicare Advantage plans. See Item 1, Business Sources of Revenue, for a table identifying the sources and relative payor mix of our revenues. 
 Sequestration resumed as of April 1, 2022 and resulted in a 1 payment reduction through June 30, 2022. Thereafter, the full 2 Medicare payment reduction resumed. Additional Medicare payment reductions are also possible under the Statutory PAYGO. Statutory PAYGO requires, among other things, that mandatory spending and revenue legislation not increase the federal budget deficit over a five- or ten-year period. If the OMB finds there is a deficit, Statutory PAYGO requires OMB to order sequestration of Medicare. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the COVID-19 relief package enacted in March 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act, would result in a 4 reduction in fiscal year 2022 
 35 

Medicare spending under Statutory PAYGO unless Congress acts to waive or otherwise avoid this sequestration. During the second session of the 117 th Congress, the PAYGO cuts required in 2023 and 2024 were delayed until 2025. 
 Volume 
 The volume of services we provide has a significant impact on our Net service revenue. Various factors, including competition and increasing regulatory and administrative burdens, impact our ability to maintain and grow our home health and hospice volumes. In any particular market, we may encounter competition from local or national entities with longer operating histories or other competitive advantages. Aggressive payment review practices by Medicare contractors, aggressive enforcement of regulatory policies by government agencies, and restrictive or burdensome rules, regulations, or statutes governing admissions practices may lead us to not accept patients who would be appropriate for, and would benefit from, the services we provide. 
 We expect the United States aging population will continue to increase long-term demand for the services we provide, which we believe will help us grow our home health and hospice volumes. While we treat patients of all ages, most of our patients are 65 and older, and, due to the increasingly aging U.S. population, the number of Medicare enrollees is expected to continue to grow approximately 3 per year. More specifically, the average age of our home health patients and hospice patients is approximately 75 and 80, respectively. We believe the growing percentage of seniors experiencing chronic conditions will result in higher utilization of home health services in the future as patients require more care to support these conditions. 
 We also expect the volume of third-party payors to shift and evolve. For example, in the year ended December 31, 2021, Medicare Advantage patients accounted for 10.6 of our revenue as compared to 14.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In addition to organic growth, our strategy includes volume growth through strategic acquisitions and de novo location openings. See Item 1, Business Our Growth Strategy . 
 Efficiency 
 Cost and operating efficiencies impact the profitability of the patient care services we provide. We use a number of strategies to drive cost and operating efficiencies within our business. We target markets for expansion and growth that allow us to leverage our existing operations to create operating efficiencies through scale and density. We also leverage technology to create operating and supply chain efficiencies throughout our organization. See Item 1, Business Our Competitive Strengths , for further discussion of the ways we seek to reduce costs while improving patient outcomes. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Inflation has impacted us primarily with respect to our labor costs. The healthcare industry is labor intensive, and wages, and other expenses, may increase during periods of inflation, or when labor shortages occur in the marketplace. There can be no guarantee we will not experience increases in the cost of labor, as the need for clinical healthcare professionals is growing. In addition, increases in healthcare costs are typically higher than inflation and, as such, would impact our costs under employee benefit plans. Managing these costs remains a significant challenge and priority for us. 
 Suppliers may pass along rising costs to us in the form of higher prices. In addition, we have experienced higher 
 prices for our medical supplies as a result of the pandemic. Our supply chain efforts and our continual focus on monitoring and actively managing medical supplies and pharmaceutical costs have enabled us to mitigate the effect of increased pricing related to supplies and other operating expenses over the past few years. However, we cannot predict the magnitude of future cost increases. 
 We have little or no ability to pass on these increased costs associated with providing service to Medicare and Medicaid patients due to federal and state laws that establish fixed reimbursement rates though the annual Medicare reimbursement rate updates for home health and hospice. 
 Recruiting and Retaining High-Quality Personnel 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, including management, for our home health and hospice agencies remains a high priority for us. We attempt to maintain a comprehensive compensation and benefits package to compete in the current challenging staffing environment. 
 Our Separation from Encompass 
 As a result of our separation from Encompass, certain items may impact the comparability of our historical results and future performance. Specifically, we will have incurred additional expenses as a result of being a separate public company and continue to develop, manage, and train management level and other employees to comply with ongoing public company requirements. For more information on the Separation, see Item 1, Business History . 
 36 

COVID-19 Pandemic Impact on Our Results of Operations 
 In response to the COVID-19 outbreak and ensuing pandemic (the pandemic ), Congress and CMS adopted several statutory and regulatory measures intended to provide relief to healthcare providers in order to ensure patients would continue to have adequate access to care. The suspension of sequestration under the CARES Act and the 2021 Budget Act positively impacted our home health and hospice revenues by 15.6 million and 4.2 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Sequestration resumed in full on July 1, 2022. The resumption of sequestration negatively impacted our home health and hospice revenues by 10.1 million and 2.4 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The lasting impact of the pandemic remains unknown and difficult to predict. For discussion of the financial and operational impacts we have experienced as a result of the pandemic, see the sections titled Item 1, Business, Item 1A, Risk Factors, Results of Operations, and Segment Results of Operations . 
 Acquisition-Related Activitie s 
 On January 1, 2022, we acquired the equity interest of Frontier Home Health and Hospice, LLC in a joint venture with Saint Alphonsus Health System Saint Alphonsus ), a home health and hospice provider in Boise and Nampa, Idaho. In the three months ended December 31, 2022, we acquired the assets of Unity Hospice LLC, a hospice provider with a location in Mesa, AZ, the assets of Caring Hearts Hospice, a hospice provider with locations in Gun Barrel City, Mineola, Palestine and Quinlan, TX, and the Fort Myers location assets of Southwest Florida Home Care, Inc., a home health provider. 
 See Note 2, Business Combinations , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, for additional information 
 about our acquisition-related activities. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (in Millions) Net service revenue 
 1,071.1 1,106.6 1,078.2 (3.2) 2.6 Cost of service, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 525.6 513.9 537.5 2.3 (4.4) Gross margin, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 545.5 592.7 540.7 (8.0) 9.6 General and administrative expenses 
 414.9 412.9 398.0 0.5 3.7 Depreciation and amortization 
 33.0 36.9 40.0 (10.6) (7.8) Impairment of goodwill 109.0 N/A N/A Operating (loss) income 
 (11.4) 142.9 102.7 (108.0) 39.1 Interest expense 
 15.0 0.3 5.2 4900.0 (94.2) Equity in net income of nonconsolidated affiliates 
 (0.6) (0.5) (100.0) 20.0 Other income 
 (0.9) (4.8) (2.2) (81.3) 118.2 (Loss) income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests 
 (25.5) 148.0 100.2 (117.2) 47.7 Income tax expense 
 12.8 35.1 24.4 (63.5) 43.9 Net (loss) income 
 (38.3) 112.9 75.8 (133.9) 48.9 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 2.1 1.8 0.8 16.7 125.0 Net (loss) income attributable to Enhabit, Inc. 
 (40.4) 111.1 75.0 (136.4) 48.1 
 37 

The following table sets forth our consolidated results as a percentage of Net service revenue , except Income tax expense , which is presented as a percentage of (Loss) Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests : For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost of service, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 49.1 46.4 49.9 General and administrative expenses 
 38.7 37.3 36.9 Depreciation and amortization 
 3.1 3.3 3.7 Interest expense 1.4 0.5 Income tax expense 
 (50.2) 23.7 24.3 
 Net Service Revenue 
 Our Net service revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 due to adjustments to accounts receivable reserves, the continued shift to more non-episodic patients in home health, and the resumption of sequestration. These effects were partially offset by reimbursement rate increases and an approximate 5.0 million medical claims audit recovery. See Segment Results of Operations . 
 Cost of Service, Excluding Depreciation and Amortization 
 Cost of service , excluding depreciation and amortization represents the cost of operating our business, which primarily consists of payroll and related benefits, supplies, rental cost for our locations, purchased services, and ancillary expense such as the cost of pharmacy. 
 Cost of service , excluding depreciation and amortization increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher labor costs and increased costs associated with fleet and mileage reimbursement. See Segment Results of Operations . 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to incremental costs associated with being a stand-alone company. Our General and administrative expenses are expected to continue to increase as an independent, publicly traded company and will include financial reporting and regulatory compliance, board of directors' fees and expenses, accounting, auditing, tax, legal, insurance, information technology, human resources, investor relations, internal audit, risk management, treasury, and other general and administrative-related functions. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 due to a number of intangible assets, including trade names and internal-use software, reaching the end of their useful lives in 2021. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 Impairment of goodwill in the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted from a goodwill charge of 109.0 million to reduce the carrying value of our Home Health reporting unit to its fair value. See Note7, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Interest Expense 
 The increase in Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 is primarily due to interest expense related to borrowings under our new Credit Facilities (as defined below) which were entered into in June 2022 in preparation for our separation from Encompass. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Other Income 
 Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 decreased due to a gain related to our investment in a healthcare predictive data and analytics company and a gain as a result of our consolidation of our Home Health South Florida joint venture and the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest at fair value for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were no similar gains recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 2, Business Combinations, and Note 16, Related Party Transactions , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 38 

Income Tax Expense 
 Our effective tax rate was (50.2) for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 23.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The year-over-year difference in the effective tax rate was primarily the result of a goodwill impairment charge, a significant portion of which was a permanent book-tax difference, and a deferred tax adjustment related to the Separation. Our Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased as compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to lower net (loss) income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests. See also Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Consolidation , and Note 12, Income Taxes , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, and Critical Accounting Estimates . 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure of our financial performance. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA assists investors in comparing our operating performance across operating periods on a consistent basis by excluding items we do not believe are indicative of our operating performance. 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as Net (loss) income adjusted to exclude (1) income tax expense, (2) interest expense, (3) depreciation and amortization, (4) gains or losses on disposal or impairment of assets or goodwill, (5) stock-based compensation, (6) net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, (7) transaction costs, (8) gain on consolidation of joint venture formerly accounted for under the equity method of accounting and (9) payroll taxes on stock appreciation rights SARs exercises. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of financial performance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), and the items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing financial performance. Therefore, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a substitute for Net (loss) income . Because Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement determined in accordance with GAAP and is thus susceptible to varying calculations, Adjusted EBITDA, as presented, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Revenues and expenses are measured in accordance with the policies and procedures described in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 The following table reconciles Net (loss) income to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in millions): For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Net (Loss) Income 
 (38.3) 112.9 75.8 Income tax expense 
 12.8 35.1 24.4 Interest expense 
 15.0 0.3 5.2 Depreciation and amortization 
 33.0 36.9 40.0 Impairment of goodwill 109.0 Loss (gain) on disposal or impairment of assets 
 0.1 (0.8) 1.1 Stock-based compensation 
 9.2 3.6 3.9 Stock-based compensation included in overhead allocation 
 1.1 2.3 2.0 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 (2.1) (1.8) (0.8) Transaction costs 
 9.5 11.9 Gain on consolidation of joint venture formerly accounted for under the equity method of accounting 
 (3.2) (2.2) Payroll taxes on SARs exercise 1.5 Adjusted EBITDA 
 149.3 197.2 150.9 
 39 

The following table reconciles Net cash provided by operating activities to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in millions): For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 80.1 123.3 24.9 Interest expense and amortization of debt discounts and fees 15.0 0.3 5.2 Equity in net income of nonconsolidated affiliates 0.6 0.5 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in continuing operations (2.1) (1.8) (0.8) Distributions from nonconsolidated affiliates (0.3) (0.4) Current portion of income tax (benefit) expense 17.1 26.5 5.9 Change in assets and liabilities 29.2 32.8 112.1 Transaction costs 9.5 11.9 Stock-based compensation included in overhead allocation 1.1 2.3 2.0 Other (0.6) 1.6 1.5 Adjusted EBITDA 149.3 197.2 150.9 
 For additional information, see Results of Operations and Segment Results of Operations . 
 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 Our segment and consolidated Net service revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is provided in the table below. For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 of Consolidated Revenue 2021 of Consolidated 
 Revenue 
 2020 of Consolidated Revenue (In Millions) 
 Home health segment net service revenue 
 877.1 81.9 897.3 81.1 877.6 81.4 Hospice segment net service revenue 
 194.0 18.1 209.3 18.9 200.6 18.6 Consolidated net service revenue 
 1,071.1 100.0 1,106.6 100.0 1,078.2 100.0 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our Net service revenue de creased 3.2 over 2021 due to adjustments to accounts receivable reserves, the continued shift to more non-episodic patients in home health, and the resumption of sequestration, which were partially offset by reimbursement rate increases and an approximate 5.0 million medical claims audit recovery. See Results of Operations. 
 For additional information regarding our business segments, including a detailed description of the services we provide, financial data for each segment, and a reconciliation of total adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization Segment Adjusted EBITDA to Loss) i ncome before income taxes and noncontrolling interests , see Note 15, Segment Reporting , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Home Health 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 our home health segment derived its Net service revenue from the following payor sources: For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Medicare 
 73.8 78.2 79.5 Medicare Advantage 
 17.3 13.1 13.2 Managed care 
 7.3 6.9 5.2 Medicaid 
 1.4 1.6 1.8 Other 
 0.2 0.2 0.3 Total 
 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 40 

The decline in Medicare reimbursement as a percentage of our home health Net service revenue and corresponding increase in Medicare Advantage reimbursement is primarily the result of continued national enrollment increases in Medicare Advantage plans by Medicare beneficiaries. 
 Additional information regarding our home health segment s operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (In Millions, Except Percentage Change) Net service revenue: Episodic 
 738.0 781.5 780.0 (5.6) 0.2 Non-episodic 
 128.0 102.0 82.3 25.5 23.9 Other 
 11.1 13.8 15.3 (19.6) (9.8) Home health segment revenue 
 877.1 897.3 877.6 (2.3) 2.2 Cost of service, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 435.5 423.5 443.8 2.8 (4.6) Gross margin, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 441.6 473.8 433.8 (6.8) 9.2 General and administrative expenses 
 238.5 244.2 248.7 (2.3) (1.8) Other income 
 (0.9) (1.6) (43.8) N/A Equity earnings and noncontrolling interests 
 1.8 1.1 0.5 63.6 120.0 Home Health Segment Adjusted EBITDA (a) 
 202.2 230.1 184.6 (12.1) 24.6 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (Actual Amounts) Episodic: Admissions 145,136 155,357 158,912 (6.6) (2.2) Recertifications 102,901 111,394 114,775 (7.6) (2.9) Completed episodes 246,448 264,581 268,508 (6.9) (1.5) Visits 3,664,389 4,071,600 4,410,183 (10.0) (7.7) Revenue per episode 2,995 2,954 2,905 1.4 1.7 Non-Episodic: Admissions 57,359 45,269 35,337 26.7 28.1 Recertifications 26,071 19,865 13,923 31.2 42.7 Visits 1,115,564 898,099 729,289 24.2 23.1 Revenue per visit 115 114 113 0.9 0.9 Total: Admissions 202,495 200,626 194,249 0.9 3.3 Recertifications 128,972 131,259 128,698 (1.7) 2.0 Starts of care (total admissions and recertifications) 331,467 331,885 322,947 (0.1) 2.8 Visits 4,779,953 4,969,699 5,139,472 (3.8) (3.3) Cost per visit 89 83 84 7.2 (1.2) 
 
 (a) Segment Adjusted EBITDA is presented in conformity with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , as a measure reported to management for purposes of making decisions on allocating resources and addressing the performance of our segments. Segment Adjusted EBITDA is calculated similarly to consolidated Adjusted EBITDA but excludes corporate overhead costs that are not allocated to reportable segments because they are not considered when management evaluates segment performance. See Note 15, Segment Reporting , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about Segment Adjusted EBITDA. 
 41 

Expenses as a of Net Service Revenue 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Cost of service, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 49.7 47.2 50.6 General and administrative expenses 
 27.2 27.2 28.3 
 Net Service Revenue 
 The decrease in home health Net service revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to adjustments to accounts receivable reserves, the continued shift to more non-episodic patients and the resumption of sequestration, which were partially offset by an approximate 5 million medical claims audit recovery. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from the decrease in Net service revenue as discussed above and an increase in Cost of service , excluding depreciation and amortization . Cost of service , excluding depreciation and amortization increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increased labor costs and costs associated with fleet and mileage reimbursement. 
 Hospice 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 our hospice segment derived its Net service revenue from the following payor sources: For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Medicare 
 98.8 97.9 99.1 Managed care 
 0.7 1.5 0.9 Medicaid 
 0.5 0.6 Total 
 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 42 

Additional information regarding our hospice segment s operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (In Millions, Except Percentage Change) Hospice segment revenue 
 194.0 209.3 200.6 (7.3) 4.3 Cost of service, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 90.1 90.4 93.7 (0.3) (3.5) Gross margin, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 103.9 118.9 106.9 (12.6) 11.2 General and administrative expenses 
 65.2 62.6 60.4 4.2 3.6 Equity earnings and noncontrolling interests 
 0.3 0.1 (0.2) 200.0 (150.0) Hospice Segment Adjusted EBITDA (a) 
 38.4 56.2 46.7 (31.7) 20.3 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (Actual Amounts) Total: Admissions 
 11,978 13,113 12,878 (8.7) 1.8 Patient days 
 1,284,386 1,372,980 1,367,060 (6.5) 0.4 Average daily census 
 3,519 3,762 3,735 (6.5) 0.7 Revenue per patient day 
 151 152 147 (0.7) 3.4 Cost per patient day 
 70 66 69 6.1 (4.3) 
 
 (a) Segment Adjusted EBITDA is presented in conformity with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , as a measure reported to management for purposes of making decisions on allocating resources and addressing the performance of our segments. Segment Adjusted EBITDA is calculated similarly to consolidated Adjusted EBITDA but excludes corporate overhead costs that are not allocated to reportable segments because they are not considered when management evaluates segment performance. See Note 15, Segment Reporting , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about Segment Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Expenses as a of Net Service Revenue For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost of service, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 46.4 43.2 46.7 General and administrative expenses 
 33.6 29.9 30.1 
 Net service revenue 
 The decrease in hospice Net service revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to adjustments to accounts receivable reserves, lower patient volumes, and the resumption of sequestration. The decrease in revenue per patient day for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to adjustments to accounts receivable reserves and the resumption of sequestration partially offset by an increase in Medicare reimbursement rates. Admissions decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to capacity constraints and staffing challenges. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 The decrease in hospice Segment Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from the decrease in Net service revenue as discussed above and an increase in Cost of service , excluding depreciation and amortization . Cost of service , excluding depreciation and amortization increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increased labor costs and costs associated with fleet and mileage reimbursement. 
 43 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Our principal uses of cash include the funding of working capital requirements, funding capital expenditures including acquisitions, and servicing our debt. See Contractual Obligations for more information about our material cash requirements from our contractual obligations at December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 22.9 million and 5.4 million, respectively, in Cash and cash equivalents . These amounts exclude 4.3 million and 2.6 million, respectively, in Restricted cash . Our Restricted cash pertains primarily to a joint venture in which we participate where our external partner requested, and we agreed, the joint venture s cash not be commingled with other corporate cash accounts. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, we also had 156.6 million available to us under the Revolving Credit Facility, as discussed below. 
 The following table shows the cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing, and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in millions): For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 80.1 123.3 24.9 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (42.3) (119.2) (3.0) Net cash used in financing activities 
 (18.6) (36.1) (16.7) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 19.2 (32.0) 5.2 
 Operating activities . The decrease in Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted primarily from the decrease in Net service revenue and an increase in Cost of services as discussed previously in Results of Operations. 
 Investing activities . The decrease in Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted primarily from the acquisition of assets from Frontier Home Health and Hospice, LLC in 2021. See Note 2, Business Combinations . 
 Financing activities . The decrease in Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted primarily from the distributions paid to Encompass, which included net proceeds from borrowings on our Credit Facilities. 
 Capital Resources 
 In June 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement that consists of a 400.0 million term loan A facility (the Term Loan A Facility and a 350.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and together with the Term Loan A Facility, the Credit Facilities ). The Credit Facilities mature in June 2027. Interest on the loans under the Credit Facilities is calculated by reference to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or an alternative base rate, plus an applicable interest rate margin. Enhabit may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans under the Credit Facilities at any time without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs with respect to SOFR loans. The Term Loan A Facility contains customary mandatory prepayments, including with respect to proceeds from asset sales and from certain incurrences of indebtedness. 
 The Term Loan A Facility amortizes by an amount per annum equal to 5.0 of the outstanding principal amount thereon as of the closing date, payable in equal quarterly installments, with the balance being payable in June 2027. The Revolving Credit Facility provides the ability to borrow and obtain letters of credit, which is subject to a 75 million sublimit. Obligations under the Credit Facilities are guaranteed by our existing and future wholly owned domestic material subsidiaries (the Guarantors ), subject to certain exceptions. Borrowings under the Credit Facilities are secured by first priority liens on substantially all the assets of Enhabit and the Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions. The Credit Facilities contain representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default customary for secured financings of this type, including limitations with respect to liens, fundamental changes, indebtedness, restricted payments, investments, and affiliate transactions, in each case, subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
 In addition, the Credit Facilities obligate us to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio of no more than 4.75 to 1.0 and a minimum interest coverage ratio of no less than 2.5 to 1.0 for the previous four consecutive quarters. 
 On June 30, 2022, we drew the full 400.0 million of the Term Loan A Facility and 170.0 million on the Revolving Credit Facility. The net proceeds of 566.6 million were distributed to Encompass prior to the completion of the 
 44 

Distribution. In November 2022, we drew an additional 20.0 million on the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, amounts drawn under the Term Loan A Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility had an interest rate of 6.2 and 6.3 , respectively. 
 On October 20, 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap. The interest rate swap has a 200.0 million notional value and a maturity date of October 20, 2025. Beginning in October 2022, we receive the one-month SOFR and pay a fixed rate of interest of 4.3 . 
 For additional information on the Separation, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. For additional information regarding our debt, see Note 9, Long-term Debt , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . For additional information regarding our interest rate swap see Note 13, Derivative Instruments , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our consolidated contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (in millions): Total 
 Current 
 Long Term 
 Long-term debt obligations: Long-term debt, excluding revolving credit facility and finance lease obligations (a) 
 390.0 20.0 370.0 Revolving credit facility 190.0 190.0 Interest on long-term debt (b) 
 96.5 23.6 72.9 Finance lease obligations (a) 
 5.2 3.1 2.1 Operating lease obligations (c) 
 42.1 14.0 28.1 Purchase obligations (d) 
 5.2 4.5 0.7 Total 
 729.0 65.2 663.8 
 (a) We lease automobiles for our clinicians under finance leases. Amounts include interest portion of future minimum finance lease payments. 
 (b) Interest on long-term debt was calculated using the rate for the Term Loan A Facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (c) Our home health and hospice segments lease: (1) relatively small office spaces in the localities they serve and (2) equipment in the normal course of business. Amounts include interest portion of future minimum operating lease payments. For more information, see Note 6, Leases , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 (d) Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable without penalty. Our purchase obligations primarily relate to software licensing and support. Purchase obligations are not recognized in our consolidated balance sheet. 
 Our capital expenditures include costs associated with licensing software we utilize to run our business, leasehold improvements, and equipment purchases. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made capital expenditures of 7.1 million and 4.3 million, respectively, for property and equipment. These expenditures in 2022 and 2021 were exclusive of 36.3 million and 117.5 million, respectively, in net cash related to our acquisition activity. During 2023, we expect to spend 5 million to 10 million for capital expenditures. Actual amounts spent will be dependent upon the timing of projects for our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors we believe to be relevant at the time we prepared our consolidated financial statements. On a regular basis, we review the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We believe the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid 
 45 

in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, as they require our most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize Net service revenue in the reporting period in which we perform the service based on our best estimate of the transaction price for the type of service provided to the patient. Our estimate of the transaction price includes estimates of price concessions for such items as contractual allowances (principally for patients covered by Medicare, Medicare Advantage, Medicaid, and other third-party payors), potential adjustments that may arise from payment and other reviews, and uncollectible amounts. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Net service revenue , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of our revenue recognition policies. 
 Our patient accounting systems calculate contractual allowances on a patient-by-patient basis based on the rates in effect for each primary third-party payor. Certain other factors that are considered and could influence the estimated transaction price are assumed to remain consistent with the experience for patients discharged in similar time periods for the same payor classes, and additional adjustments are provided to account for these factors. 
 Management continually reviews the revenue transaction price estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms that result from contract renegotiations and renewals. In addition, laws and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are complex and subject to interpretation. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. 
 Due to complexities involved in determining amounts ultimately due under reimbursement arrangements with third-party payors, which are often subject to interpretation and review, we may receive reimbursement for healthcare services authorized and provided that is different from our estimates, and such differences could be material. However, we continually review the amounts actually collected in subsequent periods in order to determine the amounts by which our estimates differed. Such differences have been material. For example, based on our preliminary first quarter 2023 data that indicated a slowing rate of collections, which we believe is in part a result of a growing shift in our third-party payor mix and specifically, an increase in Medicare Advantage payors, we adjusted our reserves for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The collection of outstanding receivables from third-party payors and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. Our primary collection risks relate to the increasing complexities of documentation requirements by payors and claims reviews conducted by MACs or other contractors. 
 The table below shows a summary of our net accounts receivable balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Information on the concentration of total patient accounts receivable by payor class can be found in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Accounts Receivable , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (in Millions) Current 0 30 Days 
 109.9 113.4 31 60 Days 
 22.0 22.3 61 90 Days 
 10.2 10.2 91 120 Days 
 4.5 4.5 120 + Days 
 3.0 14.1 Current accounts receivable 149.6 164.5 Noncurrent patient accounts receivable 
 0.9 6.1 Accounts receivable 
 150.5 170.6 
 Changes in general economic conditions (such as increased unemployment rates or periods of recession), business office operations, payor mix, or trends in federal or state governmental and private employer healthcare coverage could affect our collection of accounts receivable. Our collection risks include payment denials by payors as a result of increasing complexities of documentation requirements, pre- and post-payment claim reviews by our respective MACs, and reimbursement claims audits by governmental or other payors and their agents. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of our patient accounts receivable representing denials that were under review or audit in excess of reserves established for such denials was 2.5 million and 8.9 million, respectively, in our home health segment and 1.6 million and 2.6 million, respectively, in our hospice segment. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and 
 46 

judgments, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Net service revenue and Accounts Receivable , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Goodwill 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 st of each year. We may perform interim impairment tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that could potentially reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We test goodwill for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors, including reporting unit specific operating results as well as industry, market and general economic conditions, to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. We may elect to bypass this qualitative assessment for its reporting units and perform a quantitative test as of the measurement date of the test. 
 We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level and are required to make certain subjective and complex judgments on a number of matters, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of our home health and hospice reporting units. We assess qualitative factors in each reporting unit to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The quantitative impairment test is required only if we conclude it is more likely than not a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount. 
 If, based on our qualitative assessment, we were to believe we must perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, we would determine the fair value of the applicable reporting unit using generally accepted valuation techniques including the income approach and the market approach. We would validate our estimates under the income approach by reconciling the estimated fair value of the reporting units determined under the income approach to our market capitalization and estimated fair value determined under the market approach. Values from the income approach and market approach would then be evaluated and weighted to arrive at the estimated aggregate fair value of the reporting units. 
 The income approach includes the use of each reporting unit s projected operating results and cash flows that are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital that reflects market participant assumptions. The projected operating results use management s best estimates of economic and market conditions over the forecasted period including assumptions for pricing and volume, operating expenses, and capital expenditures. Other significant estimates and assumptions include cost-saving synergies and tax benefits that would accrue to a market participant under a fair value methodology. The market approach estimates fair value through the use of observable inputs, such as prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , and Note 7, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 The following events and circumstances are certain of the qualitative factors we consider in evaluating whether it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount: 
 macroeconomic conditions, such as deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, or other developments in equity and credit markets 
 industry and market considerations and changes in healthcare regulations, including reimbursement and compliance requirements under the Medicare and Medicaid programs 
 cost factors, such as an increase in labor, supply, or other costs 
 overall financial performance, such as negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or forecasted revenue or earnings 
 other relevant company-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel or outstanding litigation 
 material events, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of each reporting unit s net assets, including acquisitions and dispositions 
 length of time since the most recent quantitative analysis 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we identified potential impairment triggering events, including the impact of reimbursement and labor pressures, the Federal Reserve further increasing the risk-free interest rate and a decline in our stock price, and determined a quantitative analysis of our two reporting units should be performed. We estimated the fair value of our reporting units using the income approach and market approach. Based on the results of the quantitative analysis, no adjustments to the carrying value of goodwill for each of the reporting units were necessary during the three months ended September 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2022, the fair value of our home health reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than 5 . The home health reporting unit has an allocated goodwill balance of 0.9 
 47 

billion. We conducted our annual impairment test again at October 1, 2022, which resulted in the same values determined as of September 30, 2022. 
 During the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we identified potential impairment triggering events in the fourth quarter and determined a quantitative analysis of our two reporting units should be performed. These triggering events included lower than expected fourth quarter operating results, a change in our acquisition strategy and declining collections, which we believe is in part a result of the growing shift in our third-party payor mix, and specifically, an increase in Medicare Advantage payors. We estimated the fair value of our reporting units using both the income approach and market approach. The assumptions used in the income approach incorporate a number of significant estimates and judgments, including the revenue growth rates, timing of acquisitions and de novo openings, forecasted operating margins, and the weighted-average cost of capital. The market approach utilizes the guideline public company methodology, which uses valuation indicators, including market multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, from other businesses that are similar to each reporting unit and implied control premiums. While management believes the assumptions used are reasonable and commensurate with the views of a market participant, there is also uncertainty in current general economic and market conditions. The result of the analysis is sensitive to changes in key assumptions, such as assumed future reimbursement rates, rising interest rates and labor costs and delays in our ability to complete acquisitions and de novo openings, which could negatively impact our forecasted cash flows and result in an impairment charge in future periods. Based on the quantitative analysis, we recorded an impairment charge of 109.0 million in the three months ended December 31, 2022 to reflect a decrease in the carrying value of our home health reporting unit. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our hospice reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than 15 . The hospice reporting unit has an allocated goodwill balance of 303.6 million. 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis by reporting unit and determined that, assuming all other assumptions and inputs used in the discounted cash flow analysis are held constant, a 50 basis point increase in the discount rate assumption would result in decreases in the fair value of the Home Health and Hospice reporting units of approximately 38 million and 15 million, respectively. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions management believes to be reasonable but which are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from those estimates. 
 Income Taxes 
 We provide for income taxes using the asset and liability method. We also evaluate our tax positions and establish assets and liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Income Taxes , and Note 12, Income Taxes , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a more complete discussion of income taxes and our policies related to income taxes. 
 Prior to the Separation, we joined Encompass in the filing of various consolidated federal, state, and local income tax returns and were party to an income tax allocation agreement (the Tax Sharing Agreement ). Under the Tax Sharing Agreement, we paid to or received from Encompass the amount, if any, by which the Encompass tax liability was affected by virtue of the inclusion of us in the consolidated income tax returns of Encompass. Prior to the Separation, the income tax amounts in our financial statements have been calculated based on a separate return methodology and were presented as if our income gave rise to separate federal and state consolidated income tax return filing obligations in the respective jurisdictions in which we operate, with adjustments as described in Note 12, Income Taxes, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 The application of income tax law is inherently complex. Laws and regulations in this area are voluminous and are often ambiguous. We are required to make many subjective assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax laws and regulations change over time. As such, changes in our subjective assumptions and judgments can materially affect amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements. 
 The ultimate recovery of certain of our deferred tax assets is dependent on the amount and timing of taxable income we will ultimately generate in the future, as well as other factors. A high degree of judgment is required to determine the extent a valuation allowance should be provided against deferred tax assets. On a quarterly basis, we assess the likelihood of realization of our deferred tax assets, considering all available evidence, both positive and negative. Our operating performance in recent years, the scheduled reversal of temporary differences, our forecast of taxable income in future periods in each applicable tax jurisdiction, our ability to sustain a core level of earnings, and the availability of prudent tax planning strategies are important considerations in our assessment. Our forecast of future earnings includes assumptions about patient volumes, payor reimbursement, labor costs, operating expenses, and interest expense. Based on the weight of available evidence, we determine if it is more likely than not our deferred tax assets will be realized in the future. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have a valuation allowance recorded against any of our deferred tax assets. 
 48 

Our evaluation of any required liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions which are periodically audited by tax authorities. In addition, our effective income tax rate is affected by changes in tax law, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate, and the results of income tax audits. 
 While management believes the assumptions included in its forecast of future earnings are reasonable and it is more likely than not the net deferred tax asset balance as of December 31, 2022 will be realized, no such assurances can be provided. If management s expectations for future operating results on a consolidated basis or at the state jurisdiction level vary from actual results due to changes in healthcare regulations, general economic conditions, or other factors, we may need to establish a valuation allowance for all or a portion of our deferred tax assets which could have a significant impact on our future earnings. 
 Assessment of Loss Contingencies 
 We have contingencies that could result in significant losses upon the ultimate resolution of such contingencies. 
 We have provided for losses in situations where we have concluded it is probable a loss has been or will be incurred and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining whether a loss is probable and reasonably estimable due to the uncertainty involved in determining the likelihood of future events and estimating the financial statement impact of such events. If further developments or resolutions of a contingent matter are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments, we may need to recognize a significant charge in a future period related to an existing contingent matter. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for acquisitions of entities that qualify as business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total consideration is allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. 
 In determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, we primarily use the income and multi-period excess earnings approaches to estimate the value of our most significant acquired intangible assets. Both income approaches utilize projected operating results and cash flows and include significant assumptions such as base revenue, revenue growth rate, projected EBITDA margin, discount rates, rates of increase in operating expenses, and the future effective income tax rates. The valuations of our significant acquired businesses have been performed by a third-party valuation specialist under our management s supervision. We believe the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on reasonable assumptions and estimates that marketplace participants would use. However, such assumptions are inherently uncertain and actual results could differ from those estimates. Future changes in our assumptions or the interrelationship of those assumptions may result in purchase price allocations that are different than those recorded in recent years. 
 Acquisition-related costs are not considered part of the consideration paid and are expensed as operating expenses as incurred. Contingent consideration, if any, is measured at fair value initially on the acquisition date as well as subsequently at the end of each reporting period until the contingency is resolved and settlement occurs. Subsequent adjustments to contingent considerations are recorded in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We include the results of operations of the businesses acquired as of the beginning of the acquisition dates. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Our primary exposure to market risk is to changes in interest rates on our variable rate long-term debt. We use sensitivity analysis models to evaluate the impact of interest rate changes on our variable rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, our primary variable rate debt outstanding related to 190.0 million in advances under our Revolving Credit Facility and 390.0 million under our Term Loan A Facility. On October 20, 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap to hedge a portion of the cash flow risk related to our variable rate debt. The interest rate swap has a 200.0 million notional value and a maturity date of October 20, 2025. Beginning in October 2022, we receive the one-month SOFR and pay a fixed rate of interest of 4.3 . Assuming outstanding balances were to remain the same and including the impact of our interest rate swap agreement, a 1 increase in interest rates would result in an incremental negative cash flow of 3.8 million over the next 12 months, while a 1 decrease in interest rates would result in an incremental positive cash flow of 3.8 million over the next 12 months. 
 See Note 9, Long-term Debt , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our long-term debt. See Note 13, Derivative Instruments , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our interest rate swap. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements and related notes required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this Annual Report. An index to those financial statements is found in Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statements , of Part IV of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level, due to the material weaknesses discussed below. 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We determined that we had two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as we did not design and maintain effective controls to (i) monitor and review the estimated recoverability of accounts receivable, including the impact of changes to our third-party payor mix and (ii) identify potential goodwill impairment triggering events, including the impact of changes to our third-party payor mix. 
 These material weaknesses resulted in adjustments to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 to net service revenue, accounts receivable, goodwill and net income. Additionally, these material weaknesses could result in misstatements of the aforementioned account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding our internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 
 50 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable 
 51 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 52 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statements. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 1. Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are omitted because the required information is either not applicable, not required or is shown in the respective financial statements or in the notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits: The exhibits required to be filed by this Item 15 are set forth in the Exhibit Index included below. 
 
 INDEX TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Enhabit, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enhabit, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessments Home Health and Hospice Reporting Units 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 1,144.8 million as of December 31, 2022, and the goodwill associated with the Home Health and Hospice reporting units was 841.2 million and 303.6 million, respectively. Absent any triggering events, management tests goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 st . During the three months ended September 30, 2022, management identified potential impairment triggering events and performed a quantitative analysis of the two reporting units which resulted in no adjustments to the carrying value of goodwill. Additionally, management identified potential impairment triggering events as of December 31, 2022 and performed a quantitative analysis of the two reporting units. The quantitative analysis as of December 31, 2022 resulted in a 109.0 million impairment of the Home Health reporting unit s goodwill in the three months ended December 31, 2022. Potential impairment of a reporting unit is identified by comparing the reporting unit s estimated fair value to its carrying amount. Management estimated the fair value of each reporting unit using the income and market approaches. Fair value under the income approach was determined by discounting to present value the estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit. Significant assumptions are incorporated into the discounted cash flow analysis such as, estimates of revenue growth rates, timing of acquisitions and de novo openings, forecasted operating 
 
 F-2 

margins, and the weighted-average cost of capital. Fair value under the market approach utilized the guideline public company methodology, which uses valuation indicators, including market multiples of earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization from other businesses that are similar to each reporting unit and implied control premiums. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessments of the Home Health and Hospice reporting units is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of each of the reporting units; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to revenue growth rates, timing of acquisitions and de novo openings, forecasted operating margins, and the weighted-average cost of capital used in the discounted cash flow analyses for the income approach and the market multiples of earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization from other businesses that are similar to each reporting unit and implied control premiums used in the guideline public company analyses for the market approach; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. A s disclosed by management, a material weakness existed related to this matter. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of each of the reporting units; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of management s valuation approaches; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the discounted cash flow analyses and guideline public company analyses; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to revenue growth rates, timing of acquisitions and de novo openings, forecasted operating margins, and the weighted-average cost of capital used in the discounted cash flow analyses for the income approach and the market multiples of earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization from other businesses that are similar to each reporting unit and implied control premiums used in the guideline public company analyses for the market approach. Evaluating management s assumptions related to revenue growth rates, timing of acquisitions and de novo openings, forecasted operating margins, and the market multiples of earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization from other businesses that are similar to each reporting unit involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering, as applicable (i) the current and past performance of each of the reporting units; (ii) the consistency with external data from market and industry sources; and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of (i) the appropriateness of the Company s discounted cash flow analyses for the income approach and guideline public company analyses for the market approach and (ii) the reasonableness of the weighted-average cost of capital and implied control premium assumptions. 
 
 Valuation of Accounts Receivable 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated current accounts receivable balance was 149.6 million as of December 31, 2022. As disclosed by management, net service revenues, and related accounts receivable balances, are recorded on an accrual basis using an estimated transaction price for the type of service provided to the patient. Management s estimate of the transaction price includes estimates of price concessions, including for uncollectible amounts. Management s estimates for price concessions, including for uncollectible amounts, are based on the age of the accounts receivable, the Company s historical collection experience for each type of payor, the Company s success rate in the claims adjudication process, and other relevant factors. Management continually considers and incorporates updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in contractual terms that result from contract renegotiations and renewals. In addition, management considers laws and regulations governing Medicare and Medicaid for modifications to provider reimbursement programs. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of accounts receivable is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the accounts receivable estimate related to the amount that will ultimately be collected under the terms of the third-party payor contracts and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained related to the valuation of accounts receivable. A s disclosed by management, a material weakness existed related to this matter. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others, developing an independent estimate of the amounts expected to be collected and comparing the independent estimate to management s estimate to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate. Developing an independent estimate involved (i) 
 
 F-3 

evaluating the historical accuracy of management s December 31, 2021 estimate by comparing it to subsequent cash collections; (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of the December 31, 2022 accounts receivable estimate by considering subsequent cash collections; (iii) testing, on a sample basis, the completeness and accuracy of the historical billing and collection data used as an input in developing the independent estimate; and (iv) for accounts receivable without cash collected subsequent to year end, estimating collections based on the Company s historical collection patterns. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 F-4 

ENHABIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 (In Millions, Except Per Share Data) Net service revenue Cost of service, excluding depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Operating (loss) income ) Interest expense and amortization of debt discounts and fees Equity in net income of nonconsolidated affiliates 
 ) ) Other income ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests ) Income tax expense Net (loss) income ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net (loss) income attributable to Enhabit, Inc. ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted (Loss) earnings per common share: Basic (loss) earnings per share attributable to Enhabit, Inc. common stockholders ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share attributable to Enhabit, Inc. common stockholders ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

ENHABIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In Millions, Except Per Share Data) 
 Net (loss) income including noncontrolling interest 
 ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized loss of cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit of , , and , respectively 
 ) Total other comprehensive loss ) Comprehensive (loss) income including noncontrolling interest ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Enhabit, Inc. ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

ENHABIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, 
 2022 2021 (In Millions, Except Share Data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total assets (1) 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued payroll Refunds due patients and other third-party payors Income tax payable Accrued medical insurance Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Deferred income tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 14) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Stockholders equity: Enhabit, Inc. stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Retained earnings Total Enhabit, Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities (1) and stockholders equity 

(1) million and million, respectively, that cannot be used by us to settle the obligations of other entities. Our consolidated liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 include total liabilities of the variable interest entities of million and million, respectively. See Note 3, . 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

ENHABIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 Number of Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interests Total (in millions) December 31, 2019 Net income Capital contributions (see Note 9) Capital distributions ) ) Distributions declared ) ) Consolidation of joint venture formerly accounted for under the equity method of accounting December 31, 2020 Net income Capital contributions Capital distributions ) ) Distributions declared ) ) Acquisitions Other ) ) December 31, 2021 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Capital contributions Capital distributions ) ) Distributions declared ) ) Acquisitions Issuance of restricted stock awards Contributions from noncontrolling interests of consolidated affiliates Other December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

ENHABIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 (In Millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt related costs Impairment of goodwill Equity in net income of nonconsolidated affiliates ) ) Distributions from nonconsolidated affiliates Stock-based compensation Deferred tax (benefit) expense ) Other, net ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued payroll ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal borrowings on term loan Principal payments on debt ) ) Borrowings on revolving credit facility Payments on revolving credit facility ) Principal payments under finance lease obligations ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Contributions from Encompass Distributions to Encompass ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests of consolidated affiliates Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes ) ) Cash paid for interest ) ) ) Supplemental schedule of noncash activities: Contribution from Encompass of promissory notes and accrued interest Property and equipment additions through finance leases Operating lease additions Trade name transfer to Encompass (including deferred tax liability) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 1. 
 states, with a concentration in the southern half of the United States. We manage our operations and disclose financial information using reportable segments: (1) home health and (2) hospice. See Note 15, Segment Reporting . Prior to July 1, 2022, the Company operated as a reporting segment of Encompass Health Corporation Encompass ). 
 On December 9, 2020, Encompass announced a formal process to explore strategic alternatives for its home health and hospice business. On January 19, 2022, Encompass announced its home health and hospice business would be rebranded and operate under the name Enhabit Home Health Hospice. In March 2022, we changed our name from Encompass Health Home Health Holdings, Inc. to Enhabit, Inc. 
 Separation from Encompass 
 On July 1, 2022, Encompass completed the previously announced separation of the Company through the distribution of all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value per share, of Enhabit to the stockholders of record of Encompass (the Distribution as of the close of business on June 24, 2022 (the Record Date ). The Distribution was effective at 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on July 1, 2022. The Distribution was structured as a pro rata distribution of one share of Enhabit common stock for every two shares of Encompass common stock held of record as of the Record Date. No fractional shares were distributed. A cash payment was made in lieu of any fractional shares. As a result of the Distribution, Enhabit is now an independent public company, and its common stock is listed under the symbol EHAB on the New York Stock Exchange (the Separation ). 
 The Separation was completed pursuant to a separation and distribution agreement (the Separation and Distribution Agreement and other agreements with Encompass related to the Separation, including, but not limited to, a tax matters agreement (the Tax Matters Agreement ), an employee matters agreement (the Employee Matters Agreement ), and a transition services agreement (the Transition Services Agreement or TSA ). Following the Separation, certain functions continue to be provided by Encompass under the TSA or are being performed using the Company s own resources or third-party providers. The Company incurred certain costs in its establishment as an independent, publicly traded company and expects to incur ongoing additional costs associated with operating as an independent, publicly traded company. 
 In early 2022, in anticipation of the Distribution, we transferred the Encompass trade name with a book value of million and the related deferred tax liabilities with a book value of million to Encompass, as they will continue to operate under the Encompass brand. 
 All share and earnings per share information has been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to reflect the Distribution. 
 See also Note 9, Long-term debt . 
 Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 

F-10 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 F-11 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Medicare Advantage Managed care Medicaid Other Total 
 F-12 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 F-13 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Managed care and other discount plans, including Medicare Advantage Medicaid Other Total 
 F-14 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to 
 Vehicles Furniture, fixtures, and equipment to 
 
 Maintenance and repairs of leasehold improvements and equipment are expensed as incurred. We capitalize replacements and betterments that increase the estimated useful life of an asset. 
 We retain fully depreciated assets and accumulated depreciation accounts until we remove them from service. In the case of sale, retirement, or disposal, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation balances are removed from the respective accounts, and the resulting net amount, less any proceeds, is included as a component of income from continuing operations in the consolidated statements of income. 
 F-15 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years using straight-line basis 
 Licenses to years using straight-line basis 
 Noncompete agreements years using straight-line basis 
 Trade names to years using straight-line basis 
 Internal-use software years using straight-line basis 
 
 We capitalize the costs of obtaining or developing internal-use software, including external direct costs of material and services and directly related payroll costs. Amortization begins when the internal-use software is ready for its intended use. Costs incurred during the preliminary project and post-implementation stages, as well as maintenance and training costs, are expensed as incurred. 
 F-16 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-17 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Purchases of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Other Balance at end of period 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income attributable to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Advertising expenses, primarily included in General and administrative expenses within the accompanying consolidated statements of income, were immaterial in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 F-18 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million options to purchase Enhabit s shares and million restricted stock awards and restricted stock units were excluded from the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 because their effects were anti-dilutive. There were diluted or anti-dilutive shares for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Dilutive effect of options and restricted stock units Diluted common shares outstanding 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 F-19 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2. 
 , and acquisitions, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. We accounted for these transactions under the acquisition method of accounting and reported the results of operations of the acquired locations from the date of acquisition. Assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Estimated fair values were based on various valuation methodologies including: an income approach using primarily discounted cash flow techniques for the noncompete and license intangible assets; and an income approach utilizing the relief-from-royalty method for the trade name intangible asset. The aforementioned income methods utilize management s estimates of future operating results and cash flows discounted using a weighted average cost of capital that reflects market participant assumptions. For all other assets and liabilities, the fair value was assumed to represent carrying value due to their short maturities. The excess of the fair value of the consideration conveyed over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. All goodwill recorded reflects our expectations of favorable growth opportunities in the home health and hospice markets based on positive demographic trends. 
 2022 Acquisitions 
 The fair values recorded for the 2022 acquisitions were based upon a preliminary valuation. Estimates and assumptions used in such valuation are subject to change, which could be significant, within the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). We expect to continue to obtain information to assist us in determining the fair value of the net assets acquired at the acquisition date during the measurement period. 
 On January 1, 2022, we acquired a equity interest from Frontier Home Health and Hospice, LLC in a joint venture with Saint Alphonsus Health System Saint Alphonsus which operates home health and hospice locations in Boise and Nampa, Idaho. This acquisition was made to enhance our position and ability to provide services to patients in this geographic area. The total purchase price was million and was funded on December 31, 2021 using cash on hand. 
 
 Accounts receivable, net Operating lease right-of-use-assets Identifiable intangible assets: Noncompete agreement (useful life of years) 
 Trade name (useful life of months) 
 Licenses (useful lives of years) 
 Internal-use software (useful life of years) 
 Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Current operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued payroll Other current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total liabilities assumed Noncontrolling interests Net assets acquired 
 
 F-20 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Goodwill Fair value of liabilities assumed Fair value of noncontrolling interest owned by joint venture partner Net cash paid for acquisition (1) 
 
 (1) As discussed above, the million was funded on December 31, 2021; therefore, this amount is not included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On October 1, 2022, we acquired the assets of Caring Hearts Hospice locations in Texas. This acquisition was made to enhance our position and ability to provide services to patients in this geographic area. The total purchase price was million and was funded using cash on hand. 
 years) 
 Licenses (useful lives of years) 
 Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Other current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 Goodwill Fair value of liabilities assumed Net cash paid for acquisitions 
 On November 1, 2022, we acquired the assets of Unity Hospice LLC, a hospice provider with location in Arizona. This acquisition was made to enhance our position and ability to provide services to patients in this geographic area. The 
 F-21 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and was funded using cash on hand. 
 years) 
 Licenses (useful lives of years) 
 Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Other current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 Goodwill Fair value of liabilities assumed Net cash paid for acquisitions 
 On December 1, 2022, we acquired the assets of Southwest Florida Home Care, Inc., a home health provider with a location in Fort Myers, Florida. This acquisition was made to enhance our position and ability to provide services to patients in this geographic area. The total purchase price was million and was funded using cash on hand and borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Operating lease right-of-use-assets Identifiable intangible assets: Noncompete agreement (useful life of years) 
 Licenses (useful lives of years) 
 Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Current operating lease liabilities Accrued payroll Long-term operating lease liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 Goodwill Fair value of liabilities assumed Net cash paid for acquisitions 
 Pro Forma Results of Operations 
 
 F-22 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Combined entity: Supplemental pro forma from 01/01/2022-Combined entity: Supplemental pro forma from 01/01/2022-12/31/2022 (unaudited) ) Combined entity: Supplemental pro forma from 01/01/2021-Combined entity: Supplemental pro forma from 01/01/2021-12/31/2021 (unaudited) 
 The information presented above is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of results that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had occurred as of the beginning of 2021. 
 Approximately million of the goodwill recorded as a result of these 2022 transactions is deductible for federal income tax purposes. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 Frontier Acquisition 
 On June 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of the home health and hospice assets of Frontier Home Health and Hospice Frontier in Alaska, Colorado, Montana, Washington, and Wyoming. The Frontier acquisition included the purchase of a equity interest in the Heart of the Rockies Home Health joint venture and a equity interest in the Hospice of Southwest Montana joint venture (inclusive of an additional equity interest purchased for approximately million). We consolidate both of these joint ventures. The Hospice of Southwest Montana joint venture is consolidated under the VIE model. On the acquisition date, home health and hospice locations became part of our national network of home health and hospice locations. This acquisition was made to expand our existing presence in Colorado and Wyoming and extend our services to Alaska, Montana, and Washington. We funded this transaction using cash on hand and contributions from Encompass. 
 Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use-assets Identifiable intangible assets: Noncompete agreement (useful life of years) 
 Trade name (useful life of months) 
 Certificates of need (useful lives of years) 
 Licenses (useful lives of years) 
 Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Current operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued payroll Long-term operating lease liabilities Total liabilities assumed Redeemable and nonredeemable noncontrolling interests Net assets acquired 
 F-23 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of cash acquired 
 Goodwill Fair value of liabilities assumed Fair value of redeemable and nonredeemable noncontrolling interest owned by joint venture partner Net cash paid for acquisition 
 Other Home Health and Hospice Acquisition 
 In December 2021, we acquired an additional equity interest from Baptist Outpatient Services, Inc. in our existing Encompass Health Home Health of South Florida, LLC joint venture. This transaction increased our ownership interest from to and resulted in a change in accounting for this joint venture from the equity method of accounting to a consolidated entity. As a result of our consolidation of this entity and the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest to fair value, Goodwill increased million, and we recorded a million gain as part of Other income during 2021. This transaction was made to increase our ownership in a profitable entity and continue to grow our business. This acquisition was funded using cash on hand. 
 Accounts receivable, net Identifiable intangible assets: Noncompete agreement (useful life of years) 
 Licenses (useful lives of years) 
 Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable Accrued payroll Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Redeemable noncontrolling interests Net assets acquired 
 million of cash acquired 
 Goodwill Fair value of liabilities assumed Fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interest owned by joint venture partner Fair value of equity interest prior to acquisition Net cash paid for acquisition 
 Pro Forma Results of Operations 
 
 F-24 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 All other home health and hospice ) Combined entity: Supplemental pro forma from 01/01/2021-12/31/2021 (unaudited) Combined entity: Supplemental pro forma from 01/01/2020-12/31/2020 (unaudited) 
 The information presented above is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of results that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had occurred as of the beginning of our 2020 reporting period. 
 The amount of goodwill recorded as a result of these 2021 transactions that is deductible for federal income tax purposes is million. 
 2020 Acquisition 
 In March 2020, we acquired the assets of Generation Solutions of Lynchburg, LLC in Lynchburg, Virginia. This acquisition was made to enhance our position and ability to provide our services to patients in Central Virginia. The acquisition was funded using cash on hand. 
 years) 
 Goodwill Total assets acquired 
 Goodwill Net cash paid for acquisitions 
 2020 Pro Forma Results of Operations 
 Combined entity: Supplemental pro forma from 01/01/2020-12/31/2020 (unaudited) 
 The information presented above is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of results that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had occurred as of the beginning of our 2020 period. 
 
 3. 
 joint venture entities that are VIEs and of which we are the primary beneficiary. Our ownership percentages in these entities range from to as of December 31, 2022. Through partnership and management agreements with or governing these entities, we manage these entities and handle all day-to-day operating decisions. Accordingly, we have the decision-making power over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIEs and an obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the VIEs that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. These decisions and significant activities include, but are not limited to, marketing efforts, oversight of patient admissions, medical training, nurse and therapist scheduling, 
 F-25 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accounts receivable Total current assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Total assets 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Liabilities Current Liabilities: Current operating lease liabilities Accrued payroll Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 4. 
 Noncurrent patient accounts receivable Accounts receivable 
 F-26 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 5. 
 Vehicles Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 The amount of depreciation expense is as follows (in millions): For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation expense 
 
 6. 
 terms. Certain leases also include options to purchase the leased property. 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 Finance lease (1) 
 Property and equipment, net Total leased assets Liabilities 
 Current Liabilities: Operating lease Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance lease Current portion of long-term debt Noncurrent liabilities Operating lease Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease Long-term debt, net of current portion Total leased liabilities 
 (1) Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-27 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years years Finance lease years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating lease Finance lease 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest portion ) ) Total lease liabilities. 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 years. The lease commences on June 1, 2024 and expires in May 2035. The minimum lease payment obligations due under this lease are million. We are still evaluating the terms of the lease and are assessing the financial impact of the renewed lease agreement. 
 F-28 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 7. 
 Acquisitions Consolidation of joint venture formerly accounted for under the equity method of accounting Goodwill as of December 31, 2021 
 Acquisitions Impairment ) ) Goodwill as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Goodwill increased in 2021 and 2022 as a result of the acquisitions discussed in Note 2, Business Combinations. Goodwill also increased in 2021 as a result of our consolidation of the Frontier Home Health and Hospice and our consolidation of the Home Health of South Florida joint venture. 
 We are required to test our goodwill for impairment at least annually, as of October 1 st , absent any triggering events that would accelerate an impairment assessment. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we identified potential impairment triggering events, including the impact of reimbursement and labor pressures, the Federal Reserve further increasing the risk-free interest rate and a decline in our stock price, and determined a quantitative analysis of our reporting units should be performed. We estimated the fair value of our reporting units using the income approach and market approach. Based on the results of the quantitative analysis, no adjustments to the carrying value of goodwill for each of the reporting units were necessary during the three months ended September 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2022, the fair value of our home health reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than . The home health reporting unit has an allocated goodwill balance of billion. We conducted our annual impairment test again at October 1, 2022, which resulted in the same values determined as of September 30, 2022. 
 During the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we identified potential impairment triggering events in the fourth quarter and determined a quantitative analysis of our reporting units should be performed. These triggering events included lower than expected fourth quarter operating results, a change in our acquisition strategy and declining collections, which we believe is in part a result of the growing shift in our third-party payor mix, and specifically, an increase in Medicare Advantage payors. We estimated the fair value of our reporting units using both the income approach and market approach. The assumptions used in the income approach incorporate a number of significant estimates and judgments, including the revenue growth rates, timing of acquisitions and de novo openings, forecasted operating margins, and the weighted-average cost of capital. The market approach utilizes the guideline public company methodology, which uses valuation indicators, including market multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, from other businesses that are similar to each reporting unit and implied control premiums. While management believes the assumptions used are reasonable and commensurate with the views of a market participant, there is also uncertainty in current general economic and market conditions. The result of the analysis is sensitive to changes in key assumptions, such as assumed future reimbursement rates, rising interest rates and labor costs and delays in our ability to complete acquisitions and de novo openings, which could negatively impact our forecasted cash flows and result in an impairment charge in future periods. Based on the quantitative analysis, we recorded an impairment charge of million in the three months ended December 31, 2022 to reflect a decrease in the carrying value of our home health reporting unit. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our hospice reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than . The hospice reporting unit has an allocated goodwill balance of million. 
 F-29 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) 2021 ) Licenses: 2022 ) 2021 ) Noncompete agreements: 2022 ) 2021 ) Trade name - Encompass: 2022 2021 Trade names - all other: 2022 ) 2021 ) Internal-use software: 2022 ) 2021 ) Total intangible assets: 2022 ) 2021 ) 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 We transferred the Encompass trade name to Encompass at the consummation of the spin-off as Encompass will continue to operate under the Encompass brand. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization and Description of Business , for additional information. 
 
 8. 
 million, and we recorded a million gain as part of Other income during the year ended 
 F-30 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9. 
 Term loan facilities Other notes payable Finance lease obligations Less: Current portion ) ) Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Gross maturities Less unamortized debt issuance costs ) Total 
 In June 2022, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement that consists of a .0 million term loan A facility (the Term Loan A Facility and a .0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and together with the Term Loan A Facility, the Credit Facilities ). The Credit Facilities mature in June 2027. Interest on the loans under the Credit Facilities is calculated by reference to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or an alternative base rate, plus an applicable interest rate margin. Enhabit may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans under the Credit Facilities at any time without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs with respect to SOFR loans. The Term Loan A Facility contains customary mandatory prepayments, including with respect to proceeds from asset sales and from certain incurrences of indebtedness. 
 The Term Loan A Facility amortizes by an amount per annum equal to of the outstanding principal amount thereon as of the closing date, payable in equal quarterly installments, with the balance being payable in June 2027. The Revolving Credit Facility provides us with the ability to borrow and obtain letters of credit, which is subject to a million sublimit. The obligations under the Credit Facilities are guaranteed by our existing and future wholly owned domestic material subsidiaries (the Guarantors ), subject to certain exceptions. Borrowings under the Credit Facilities are secured by first priority liens on substantially all the assets of Enhabit and the Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions. The Credit Facilities contain representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default customary for secured financings of this type, including limitations with respect to liens, fundamental changes, indebtedness, restricted payments, investments, and affiliate transactions, in each case, subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. In addition, the Credit Facilities obligate us to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio of no more than to 1.0 and a minimum interest coverage ratio of no less than to 1.0 for the previous four consecutive quarters. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenants under the Credit Facilities. 
 On June 30, 2022, we drew the full .0 million of the Term Loan A Facility and .0 million on the Revolving Credit Facility. The net proceeds of million were distributed to Encompass prior to the completion of the 
 F-31 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million on the Revolving Credit Facility, for a total of million in outstanding borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, amounts drawn under the Term Loan A Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility had an interest rate of and , respectively. For additional information on the Separation, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 On October 20, 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap to manage our exposure to interest rate movements for a portion of our Term A Loan Facility. The interest rate swap has a .0 million notional value and a maturity date of October 20, 2025. Beginning in October 2022, we receive the one-month SOFR and pay a fixed rate of interest of . 
 Term loan A facility Other notes payable Finance lease obligations 
 Fair values for our long-term debt and financial commitments are determined using inputs, including quoted prices in nonactive markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly, or Level 2 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Fair Value Measurements . 
 Promissory Notes 
 The Company had separate promissory notes (the Notes payable to Encompass with maturity dates of November 25, 2024, Note 1 ), November 1, 2024 Note 2 ), and February 1, 2030 Note 3 ). The Notes had outstanding balances of million, million and million, respectively, as of March 20, 2020. The interest rates on Note 1 consisted of a base rate of (1) LIBOR or (2) the higher of (a) Barclays Bank PLC s prime rate and (b) the federal funds rate plus . Additionally, an applicable margin that varied depending upon the leverage ratio of Encompass was added to the base rate. The interest rate on Note 2 and Note 3 were and , respectively. 
 million of principal of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 10. 
 RSAs and PSUs to members of our management team. Approximately of these awards contain only a service condition, while the remainder contain both a service and a performance condition. Additionally, Encompass granted approximately stock options to a member of our management team. The fair value of these awards and options was determined using the policies described in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 As a result of the Modification, all outstanding stock-based compensation of Encompass stock awarded to Enhabit employees were converted to Enhabit stock using a conversion rate that retained the fair value of the awards immediately prior to the Modification. 
 All performance based PSUs were measured immediately prior to the Modification. The number of shares to be issued upon vesting was determined, and these awards were converted to restricted stock units of Enhabit that vest based upon a service condition. All service based RSAs were converted to restricted stock awards of Enhabit that vest based upon a 
 F-32 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 from the date of grant. Granted options vest over the awards requisite service periods, which are generally . 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected life (years) Dividend yield 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. The expected term was estimated through an analysis of actual, historical post-vesting exercise, cancellation, and expiration behavior by Encompass employees and projected post-vesting activity of outstanding options. Volatility was calculated based on the historical volatility of Encompass s common stock over the period commensurate with the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is the implied daily yield currently available on U.S. Treasury issues with a remaining term closely approximating the expected term used as the input to the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The dividend yield is estimated based on Encompass s annual dividend rate and the Encompass stock price on the dividend payment dates. Under the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, the weighted-average grant date fair value per share of employee stock options granted was , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Awards converted from Encompass Plan Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 Compensation expense of approximately million, million, and million was recognized related to stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of months. options were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2020. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 The RSAs granted in 2022 were service-based awards. These awards generally vest over a requisite service period. The fair value of the RSA was determined by the closing price of Encompass common stock on the grant date. 
 F-33 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Awards converted from Encompass Plan Granted Forfeited ) Nonvested shares at December 31, 2022 
 million, million, and million of stock-based compensation was recognized related to restricted stock awards for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of months. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. These restricted stock awards vested prior to the Separation; as a result, they vested as shares of Encompass stock. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The RSUs granted in 2022 were service-based awards. These awards generally vest over a requisite service period. The fair value of the RSU was determined by the closing price of Encompass s common stock on the grant date. 
 Awards converted from Encompass Plan Granted Vested ) Nonvested shares at December 31, 2022 
 million, million, and million of stock-based compensation was recognized related to restricted stock units for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of months. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. All restricted stock units that vested prior to the Separation vested as shares of Encompass stock. 
 In addition to the stock-based compensation expenses disclosed above, there was also an allocation of expenses related to certain Encompass functions that resulted from stock-based compensation totaling million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, medical insurance accruals of million and million, respectively, are included in Other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company offers qualified 401(k) savings plans, the Home Health Savings Plan (the HHSP ). The HHSP allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their pay on a pre-tax basis into their individual retirement account in the plan subject to the normal maximum limits set annually by the Internal Revenue Service. All home health and hospice full-time and part-time employees are eligible to participate in the HHSP, and all contributions to the plan are in the form of cash. The Company s employer matching contribution under the HHSP is of the first of each participant s 
 F-34 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 service period. Participants are always fully vested in their own contributions. 
 Employer contributions to the HHSP approximated million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, approximately million, million, and million, respectively, from forfeited accounts were used to fund the matching contributions in accordance with the terms of the HHSP. 
 
 12. 
 State and other Total current expense Deferred: Federal ) State and other ) Total deferred (benefit) expense ) Total income tax expense related to continuing operations 
 Increase (decrease) in tax rate resulting from: State and other income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Impairment of goodwill ) Distribution deferred tax adjustment ) Other, net ) ) ) Income tax expense ) 
 Our 2022 taxable income generated prior to the Distribution is included in the consolidated federal and state returns of Encompass the Pre-Spin Returns ). After the Distribution, Encompass reduced its estimate of our taxable income to be reported on the Pre-Spin Returns based primarily on a technical analysis of the timing of deductibility of transaction costs related to the Distribution. As a result, we recorded an increase to our Deferred income tax liabilities and Income tax expense of million, which is presented in the rate reconciliation as the Distribution deferred tax adjustment. 
 In addition to the CARES Act provisions previously discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies COVID-19 Pandemic , the CARES Act also includes provisions relating to net operating loss carryback periods, alternative minimum tax credit refunds, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations, technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property and deferral of employer payroll taxes. The CARES Act did not materially impact our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, although it has impacted the timing of cash payments for payroll taxes. Deferred payments of social security taxes totaled million as of December 31, 2021 and are included in Accrued payroll in the consolidated balance sheet. This amount was paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-35 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accrued expenses and allowances Stock-based compensation Interest expense Other deferred income tax assets Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Property, net ) ) Other deferred income tax liabilities ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 Prior to July 1, 2022, the Company joined Encompass in the filing of various consolidated federal, state, and local income tax returns and was a party to an income tax allocation agreement (the Tax Sharing Agreement ). Under the Tax Sharing Agreement, the Company paid to or received from Encompass the amount, if any, by which Encompass s income tax liability was affected by virtue of inclusion of the Company in the consolidated income tax returns of Encompass. Effectively, that arrangement resulted in the Company s annual income tax provision being computed, with adjustments, including the Distribution deferred tax adjustment in 2022 of million discussed above, as if the Company filed its own separate consolidated income tax returns. 
 At the Distribution, the Company entered into the Tax Matters Agreement with Encompass, which terminated the existing Tax Sharing Agreement prospectively. The Tax Matters Agreement governs the Company s respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to taxes (including responsibility for taxes arising in the ordinary course of business and taxes, if any, incurred as a result of any failure of the Distribution to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes), entitlement to refunds, allocation of tax attributes, preparation of tax returns, control of tax contests and other matters. 
 In addition, the Tax Matters Agreement imposes certain restrictions on the Company and its subsidiaries until the second anniversary of the Distribution (including restrictions on share issuances, business combinations, sales of assets and similar transactions) that are designed to preserve the tax-free status of the Distribution and certain related transactions. The Tax Matters Agreement provides special rules that allocate tax liabilities in the event the Distribution or certain related transactions are not tax-free. In general, under the Tax Matters Agreement, each party is responsible for any taxes imposed on Encompass or the Company that arise from the failure of the Distribution or certain related transactions to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 of the Code, to the extent that the failure to so qualify is attributable to actions, events or transactions relating to such party s respective stock, assets or business, or a breach of the relevant covenants made by that party in the Tax Matters Agreement. 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in Income tax expense . Interest recorded as part of our income tax provisions for 2022, 2021, and 2020 was not material. Accrued interest related to income taxes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was not material. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have not recorded any unrecognized income tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. Our federal income tax returns have been examined through 2020 as part of the examinations of the Encompass consolidated federal income tax returns. Examinations of our federal income tax returns for 2021, and our initial short tax-year in 2022 which ended on the date of the Distribution, are currently under examination as part of the ongoing examinations of the Encompass federal consolidated returns for 2021 and 2022. These ongoing examinations are conducted in connection with Encompass s participation in the Compliance Assurance Process with the IRS. 
 F-36 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 13. 
 million with a maturity of October 20, 2025. 
 Unrealized loss recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax ) Reclassified to interest expense, net of tax Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 within the consolidated balance sheets are presented in the following table (in millions): December 31, 2022 2021 Current Assets Long-term liabilities ) Total ) 
 Fair values for our derivative instruments are determined using inputs, including quoted prices in nonactive markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly, or Level 2 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 14. 
 million for claims made against the Company that are probable of loss and reasonably estimable as liabilities within Other current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. We also recorded million related to such claims that are recoverable based on the Company s insurance policies within Other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Other Commitments 
 We are a party to service and other contracts in connection with conducting our business. Minimum amounts due under these agreements are million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025 and thereafter. These contracts primarily relate to software licensing and support. 
 
 15. 
 operating segments that are also our reportable segments: (1) home health and (2) hospice. These reportable operating segments are consistent with information used by our chief executive officer, who is our chief operating decision maker, to assess performance and allocate resources. The following is a brief description of our reportable segments: 
 Home Health - Our home health operations represent the nation s fourth largest provider of Medicare-certified skilled home health services, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues. We operate home health agencies in states, with a concentration in the southern half of the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operates home health agencies. We are the sole owner of of these locations. We retain to ownership in the remaining jointly owned locations. Our home health services include a comprehensive range of Medicare-certified home nursing services to adult patients in need of care. These services include, among others, skilled nursing, physical, occupational, and speech therapy, medical social work, and home health aide services. 
 Hospice - Our hospice operations represent the nation s twelfth largest provider of Medicare-certified hospice services, measured by 2020 Medicare revenues. We operate hospice agencies in states, with a concentration in the southern half of the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operates hospice agencies. We are the sole owner of of these locations. We retain to ownership in the remaining jointly 
 F-37 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Cost of service, excluding depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Other income ) ) Equity in net income of nonconsolidated affiliates ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Non-segment general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Impairment of goodwill ) Interest expense ) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Other income (Loss) income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests ) 
 Non-episodic Other Total home health Hospice Total net service revenue 
 F-38 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 16. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 For information related to our Tax Sharing Agreement with Encompass, see Note 12, Income Taxes. 
 Software Services 
 The Company is party to a client service and license agreement (the HCHB Agreement with Homecare Homebase, LLC HCHB for a home care management software product that includes multiple modules for collecting, storing, retrieving and disseminating home care patient health and health-related information by and on behalf of home health care agencies, point of care staff, physicians, patients and patient family members via hand-held mobile computing devices and desktop computers linked with a website hosted by HCHB. The Company s former chief executive officer along with others created this software product and eventually sold it to HCHB. This individual serves as that company s executive chairman. As of June 19, 2021, this individual no longer serves as our chief executive officer or in any other role in our home health and hospice business. 
 Pursuant to the HCHB Agreement, we pay fees to HCHB based on, among other things, the software modules in use, the training programs, and the number of licensed users. Total HCHB expenses before June 19, 2021 were approximately million and are included in General and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total HCHB expenses of million, and million are included in General and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, there were no related party payables to HCHB. 
 Data Analytics Investment 
 During 2019, we made a million investment in Medalogix, LLC, a healthcare predictive data and analytics company; this investment is accounted for under the measurement alternative for investments. In April 2021, Medalogix entered in an agreement whereby TVG Logic Holdings, LLC TVG acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Medalogix for cash. The transaction closed in May 2021. As a result of the transaction, the Company received million of cash and a minority equity investment in TVG and recorded a million gain as part 
 F-39 

Enhabit, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million, and million, respectively, in connection with the usage of Medalogix s analytics platforms. These costs are included in Cost of Service (excluding depreciation and amortization), and General and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 F-40 

(b) Exhibits 
 The following documents are filed as exhibits hereto: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and between Encompass Health Corporation and Enhabit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Enhabit, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022). 
 2.2 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and between Encompass Health Corporation and Enhabit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Enhabit, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022). 
 2.3 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and between Encompass Health Corporation and Enhabit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to Enhabit, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022). 
 2.4 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and between Encompass Health Corporation and Enhabit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to Enhabit, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Enhabit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to Enhabit, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Enhabit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Enhabit, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022). 
 4.1 
 Description of Enhabit, Inc. s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10.1 Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Enhabit, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022). 
 10.2 Enhabit, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Enhabit, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023). 
 10.3 Enhabit, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Benefits Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Enhabit, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023). 
 10.4 Separation and Release Agreement between Advanced Homecare Management, Inc. d/b/a Enhabit Home Health Hospice and Chad Knight, dated September 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Enhabit, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022). 
 10.5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan. 
 10.6 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan. 
 10.7 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan. 
 10.8 Form of Enhabit, Inc. Employee Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Enhabit Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on June 9, 2022. 
 
 10.9 Form Enhabit, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Enhabit, Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on June 9, 2022). 
 10.10 Form of Restrictive Covenants Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Enhabit, Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on June 9, 2022). 
 
 10.11 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2022, by and among Enhabit, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent and swingline lender, and various other lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Enhabit, Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on June 9, 2022). 
 
 19.1 
 Enhabit, Inc. Insider Trading Policy, dated February 22, 2023. 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Enhabit, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on May 25, 2022). 
 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Form 10-K). 
 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 53 

32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Indicates management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements filed pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iii) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 16. Form-K Summary. 
 None. 
 54 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ENHABIT, INC. 
 By: /s/ Crissy B. Carlisle Name: Crissy B. Carlisle Title: Chief Financial Officer Date: April 14, 2023 

[Signatures continue on the following page] 
 55 

POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Dylan C. Black his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him or her in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments and supplements to this Annual Report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby grants to such attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ Barb Jacobsmeyer President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) April 14, 2023 Barb Jacobsmeyer /s/ Crissy B. Carlisle 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) April 14, 2023 Crissy B. Carlisle /s/ Jeffrey W. Bolton Director April 14, 2023 Jeffrey W. Bolton /s/ Tina L. Brown-Stevenson 
 Director April 14, 2023 Tina L. Brown-Stevenson /s/ Yvonne M. Curl 
 Director April 14, 2023 Yvonne M. Curl /s/ Charles M. Elson Director April 14, 2023 Charles M. Elson /s/ Leo I. Higdon Jr. Director, Chairperson April 14, 2023 Leo I. Higdon Jr. /s/ Erin P. Hoeflinger Director April 14, 2023 Erin P. Hoeflinger /s/ Susan A. LaMonica 
 Director April 14, 2023 Susan A. LaMonica /s/ John E. Maupin Jr. Director April 14, 2023 John E. Maupin Jr. ) Director April 14, 2023 Stuart McGuigan /s/ Greg S. Rush Director April 14, 2023 Greg S. Rush 
 56 

) Director April 14, 2023 Barry Schochet /s/ L. Edward Shaw Jr. Director April 14, 2023 L. Edward Shaw Jr. ) Appointed to the Enhabit, Inc. Board of Directors on March 30, 2023. 
 
 57 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit-41xenhabitxdescrip.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following is a summary of the terms and provisions of the capital stock of Enhabit, Inc. (the Company, we, our and us ), and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 
 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share and 
 1,500,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.10 per share, in one or more series. 
 All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. No shares of our preferred stock are issued and outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights . Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted upon by the common stockholders, and there are no cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividend Rights . Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably the dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. 
 Liquidation Rights. If there is a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our company, holders of our common stock are entitled to ratable distribution of our assets remaining after the payment in full of liabilities and any preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Other Matters . Holders of our common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation, our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by the DGCL and by our Certificate of Incorporation, to issue up to 1.5 million shares of preferred stock in one or more series without further action by the holders of our common stock. Our board of directors has the discretion, subject to limitations prescribed by the DGCL and by our Certificate of Incorporation, to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Various Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Provisions of the DGCL and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and takeover bids that our board of directors may consider inadequate and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with our board of directors. 
 Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder for three years following the date that the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of our board of directors or unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the interested stockholder and the sale of more than 10 of our assets. In general, an interested stockholder is any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. 
 1 

Approval of Certain Business Combinations Supermajority Voting 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the total voting power of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock is required for the adoption or authorization of certain business combinations with any entity that is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than twenty percent (20 of our outstanding shares of voting stock, unless specific requirements set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation are met. 
 Amending Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the total voting power of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock is required to amend certain provisions relating to the calling of special meetings of stockholders, certain business combinations and amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Our Bylaws provide that the Bylaws may be amended by either our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock. 
 Size of Board and Vacancies 
 Our Bylaws provide that the number of directors on our board of directors is fixed exclusively by our board of directors. Any vacancies on our board of directors resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause will be filled by a majority of the board of directors then in office, whether or not less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Our Bylaws provide that any director appointed to fill a vacancy on our board of directors will be appointed for a term expiring at the next election of the class for which such director has been appointed, and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified. 
 Special Stockholder Meetings 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors by resolution adopted by a majority of the whole board of directors or in writing by the holders of at least 20 of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote in elections of directors. 
 Advance Notice Procedures for Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 Our Bylaws mandate that stockholder nominations for the election of directors are given in accordance with the Bylaws. Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and nomination of candidates for election as directors, as well as minimum qualification requirements for stockholders making the proposals or nominations. 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 The DGCL provides that stockholders are denied the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless the company s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company by making such attempts more difficult or more costly and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless the board of directors otherwise determines, the state courts located within the State of Delaware or, if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of the Company to the Company or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 In addition, our Bylaws further provide that, unless the board of directors otherwise determines, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act. The exclusive forum provision does not apply to actions arising under the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although the exclusive forum provision applies, to the extent permitted by law, to Securities Act claims, the Securities Act creates concurrent federal and state jurisdiction over suits brought to enforce duties or liabilities created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this exclusive forum provision with respect to a Securities Act claim. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 2 

Listing 
 Our shares of common stock are listed on the NYSE under the symbol EHAB. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 3 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 exhibit-105xenhabitincxfor.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 

Exhibit 10.5 
 ENHABIT, INC. 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 (Employees) 
 Enhabit, Inc. (the Company hereby grants to the Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs set forth below under the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The RSUs are subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (this Grant Notice ), in the Restricted Stock Units Agreement attached hereto (the Agreement and in the Plan. Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Grant Notice will have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan or Agreement, and the Plan and the Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Grant Notice. If there are any inconsistencies between this Grant Notice or the Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 Participant 
 ________________________ Type of Grant 
 Restricted Stock Units Grant Date 
 ________________________ Number of RSUs 
 ________________________ Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, including but not limited to the Participant s continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary until the applicable vesting date, the RSUs shall vest as follows _________ . 

1 

ENHABIT, INC. 
 Restricted Stock Units Agreement 
 Enhabit, Inc. (the Company has granted, pursuant to the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan ), to the Participant named in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (the Grant Notice to which this Restricted Stock Units Agreement is attached (together with the Grant Notice, this Agreement an award of Restricted Stock Units as set forth in such Grant Notice, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 1. Certain Definitions . Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Agreement will have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, as used herein 
 (a) Cause shall have the meaning set forth in any individual employment, severance or similar agreement between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) and the Participant, or in the event that the Participant is not a party to such an agreement, Cause shall mean 
 (i) the Company s procurement of evidence of the Participant s act of fraud, misappropriation, or embezzlement with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 (ii) the Participant s indictment for, conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or any felony (other than a minor traffic violation) 
 (iii) the suspension or debarment of the Participant or of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or entities as a direct result of any willful or grossly negligent act or omission of the Participant in connection with his or her employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries from participation in any federal or state health care program. For purposes of this clause (iii), the Participant shall not have acted in a willful manner if the Participant acted, or failed to act, in a manner that he or she believed in good faith to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 (iv) the Participant s admission, or finding by a court or the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC (or a similar agency of any applicable state), of liability for the violation of any Securities Laws (as hereinafter defined) (excluding any technical violations of the Securities Laws which are not criminal in nature). As used herein, the term Securities Laws means any federal or state law, rule or regulation governing the issuance or exchange of securities, including without limitation the 1933 Act and 1934 Act 
 (v) a formal indication from any agency or instrumentality of any state or the United States of America, including but not limited to the United States Department of Justice, the SEC or any committee of the United States Congress that the Participant is a target or the subject of any investigation or proceeding into the actions or inactions of the Participant for a violation of any Securities Laws (excluding any technical violations of the Securities Laws which are not criminal in nature) 
 (vi) the Participant s failure after reasonable prior written notice from the Company or any of its subsidiaries to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Board that is not remedied within thirty (30) days of the Participant being provided written notice thereof from the Company 
 (vii) any willful or gross misconduct by the Participant in connection with the Participant s duties to the Company which, in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Board, could reasonably be expected to be materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates or 
 (viii) other than as provided in clauses (i) through (vii) above, the Participant s breach of any material provision of any employment agreement or other material agreement with the Company, if applicable, or the Participant s breach of or failure to perform the material duties and responsibilities of the Participant s job, that is not remedied within thirty (30) days or repeated breaches of a similar nature, such as the failure to report to work, comply with a Company policy, perform duties when or as directed, all as provided herein, which shall not require additional notices as provided in clauses (i) through (vii) above. 
 2. Grant of RSUs . Subject to and upon the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company has granted to the Participant, as of the Grant Date, the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice. 
 2 

Each RSU shall represent the right of the Participant to receive one share of Stock subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 3. Restrictions on Transfer of RSUs . Subject to Section 16.2 of the Plan, neither the RSUs evidenced hereby nor any interest therein or in the shares of Stock underlying such RSUs shall be transferable prior to payment to the Participant pursuant to Section 6 hereof other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution. 
 4. Vesting of RSUs . 
 (a) The RSUs shall vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice (the period from the Grant Date until the last applicable Vesting Date, the Vesting Period ). Any RSUs that do not so become vested will be forfeited, including, except as provided in Sections 4(b) , 4(c) or 4(d) below, if the Participant ceases to be continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason prior to the end of the Vesting Period. For purposes of this Agreement, continuously employed (or substantially similar terms) means the absence of any interruption or termination of the Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. Continuous employment shall not be considered interrupted or terminated in the case of transfers between locations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 4(a) above, upon any termination of the Participant s employment as a result of the Participant s death or Disability, in each case prior to the end of the Vesting Period, the RSUs (to the extent not previously vested) shall vest in full. 
 (c) Notwithstanding Section 4(a) above, if the Participant s employment terminates as a result of Retirement prior to the end of the Vesting Period, then a pro-rata portion of the RSUs shall vest, with such pro-rata portion determined by multiplying (i) the total number of RSUs by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months that have elapsed from the Grant Date until the date of such termination and the denominator of which is the number of full months in the Vesting Period, and subtracting from such amount the number of RSUs (if any) that previously vested. 
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 4(a) above, in the event of a Change in Control that occurs prior to the end of the Vesting Period, the RSUs shall become vested and payable in accordance with Section 5 below. 
 5. Effect of a Change in Control . 
 (a) Notwithstanding Section 4(a) above, if at any time before the end of the Vesting Period or forfeiture of the RSUs, and while the Participant is continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary, a Change in Control occurs, then all of the RSUs (to the extent not previously vested) will become vested, except to the extent that a Replacement Award is provided to the Participant in accordance with Section 5(b) to continue, replace or assume the RSUs covered by this Agreement (the Replaced Award ), immediately prior to (and contingent upon) the Change in Control. 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement, a Replacement Award means an award (i) of the same type i.e ., time-based restricted stock units) as the Replaced Award, (ii) that has a value at least equal to the value of the Replaced Award, (iii) that relates to publicly traded equity securities of the Company or its successor in the Change in Control or another entity that is affiliated with the Company or its successor following the Change in Control, (iv) if the Participant is subject to U.S. federal income tax under the Code, the tax consequences of which to such Participant under the Code are not less favorable to such Participant than the tax consequences of the Replaced Award, and (v) the other terms and conditions of which are not less favorable to the Participant than the terms and conditions of the Replaced Award (including the provisions that would apply in the event of a subsequent termination of employment or change in control). A Replacement Award may be granted only to the extent it does not result in the Replaced Award or Replacement Award failing to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Replacement Award may take the form of a continuation of the Replaced Award if the requirements of the two preceding sentences are satisfied. The determination of whether the conditions of this paragraph are satisfied will be made by the Committee, as constituted immediately before the Change in Control, in its sole discretion. 
 (c) If, within two years after receiving a Replacement Award, the Participant experiences a termination of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary (or any of their successors) (as applicable, the Successor by reason of a termination by the Successor without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the remaining vesting period for the Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest. 
 3 

6. Form and Time of Payment of RSUs . 
 (a) Payment for the RSUs, after and to the extent they have become vested, shall be made in the form of one share of Stock for each vested RSU. Except as provided in Section 6(b) , such payment shall be made within thirty (30) days after the applicable Vesting Date. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 6(a) , to the extent the RSUs are vested on the dates set forth below and have not previously been settled, payment for such vested RSUs shall be made within thirty (30) days after such date 
 (i) the date of a Change in Control, provided such Change in Control qualifies as a permissible date of distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and 
 (ii) subject to Section 15.1 of the Plan, the date of the Participant s separation from service for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code. 
 (c) Except to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and approved by the Committee, no shares of Stock may be issued to the Participant at a time earlier than otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 (d) The Company s obligations to the Participant with respect to the RSUs will be satisfied in full upon the issuance of shares of Stock corresponding to such RSUs. 
 7. No Dividend Equivalents Voting and Other Rights . 
 (a) The Participant shall have no rights of ownership in the shares of Stock underlying the RSUs, no rights to dividends with respect to such shares, and no right to vote the shares of Stock underlying the RSUs until the date on which the shares of Stock underlying the RSUs are issued or transferred to the Participant pursuant to Section 6 above. 
 (b) The obligation of the Company under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver shares of Stock in the future, and the rights of the Participant will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 8. Adjustments . The number of shares of Stock issuable for each RSU and the other terms and conditions of the grant evidenced by this Agreement are subject to mandatory adjustment, including as provided in Section 17.1 of the Plan. 
 9. Taxes . To the extent that the Company is required to withhold federal, state, local, or foreign taxes or other amounts in connection with any payment made or benefit realized by the Participant under this Agreement, and the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the receipt of such payment or the realization of such benefit that the Participant make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of such taxes or other amounts required to be withheld. If the Participant s benefit is to be received in the form of shares of Stock, then, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company will withhold shares of Stock having a value equal to the amount required to be withheld. The shares of Stock used for tax or other withholding will be valued at an amount equal to the fair market value of such shares of Stock on the date the benefit is to be included in the Participant s income. In no event will the market value of Stock to be withheld pursuant to this Section 9 to satisfy applicable withholding taxes or other amounts exceed the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to guarantee any particular tax result for the Participant with respect to any payment provided to the Participant hereunder, and the Participant shall be responsible for any taxes imposed on the Participant with respect to any such payment. 
 10. Compliance with Law . The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws provided , however , that notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law. 
 11. Compliance With Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement and the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent, and any provision that would cause this Agreement or the Plan to fail to satisfy Section 409A of the Code shall have no force or effect until amended to comply with Section 409A of the Code (which amendment may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and may be made by the Company without the consent of the Participant). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company is not guaranteeing any particular tax outcome, and the Participant shall remain solely liable for any and all tax consequences associated with the RSUs. 
 12. Interpretation . Any reference in this Agreement to Section 409A of the Code will also include any proposed, temporary or final regulations, or any other guidance, promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 
 4 

13. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . The grant of the RSUs under this Agreement to the Participant is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. The grant of the RSUs and any payments made hereunder will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to be employed or remain employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Participant. 
 14. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Participant under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Participant may be entitled under any other compensatory arrangement maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 15. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto provided , however , that no amendment shall adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement without the Participant s written consent, and the Participant s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code or Section 10D of the 1934 Act. 
 16. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 
 17. Relation to Plan . The RSUs granted under this Agreement and all of the terms and conditions hereof are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Plan, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with this Agreement. 
 18. Compensation Recovery Policy . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the award described herein are subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s clawback policy (if any) as may be in effect from time to time and applicable to the Participant and the RSUs, including specifically to implement Section 10D of the 1934 Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (including applicable rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the Stock may be traded) (the Compensation Recovery Policy ), and that applicable sections of this Agreement and any related documents shall be superseded by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Compensation Recovery Policy from and after the effective date thereof. 
 19. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the RSUs and the Participant s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 20. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed with the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any principle of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 21. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 3 hereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Participant, and the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 22. Acknowledgement . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (d) agrees to such terms and conditions. Nothing in this Agreement prevents the Participant from providing, without prior notice to the Company, information to governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations or otherwise testifying or participating in any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations. 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement on the day and year indicated below. 
 ENHABIT, INC. 

By 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 

Participant Acknowledgment and Acceptance 
 
 By 
 
 Print Name 
 Date 
 6 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 4
 exhibit-106xenhabitincxfor.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

Exhibit 10.6 
 ENHABIT, INC. 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 Enhabit, Inc. (the Company hereby grants to the Participant the target number of performance-based Restricted Stock Units PRSUs set forth below under the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The PRSUs are subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Notice of Grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (this Grant Notice ), in the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement attached hereto (the Agreement and in the Plan. Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Grant Notice will have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan or Agreement, and the Plan and the Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Grant Notice. If there are any inconsistencies between this Grant Notice or the Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 Participant ________________________________ Type of Grant Performance-based Restricted Stock Units Grant Date ________________________________ Total Target Number of PRSUs ________________________________ Performance Period January 1, 20__ through December 31, 20__ Potential Payout From 0 to ___ Vesting Terms 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement and in the Statement of Performance Objectives delivered to Participant in connection with the award, the PRSUs shall become earned Earned PRSUs to the extent that the Performance Objectives for the PRSUs are achieved, as set forth or contemplated in the Statement of Performance Objectives, provided (except as otherwise provided in the Agreement) that the Participant has remained in continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary through the last day of the Performance Period. 

1 

ENHABIT, INC. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement 
 Enhabit, Inc. (the Company has granted, pursuant to the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan ), to the Participant named in the Notice of Grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (the Grant Notice to which this Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement is attached (together with the Grant Notice, this Agreement an award of performance-based Restricted Stock Units as set forth in such Grant Notice, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 1. Certain Definitions . Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Agreement will have the meanings given to such terms in the Grant Notice, or, if not defined therein, then in the Plan. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, as used herein 
 (a) Cause shall have the meaning set forth in any individual employment, severance or similar agreement between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) and the Participant, or in the event that the Participant is not a party to such an agreement, Cause shall mean 
 (i) the Company s procurement of evidence of the Participant s act of fraud, misappropriation, or embezzlement with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 (ii) the Participant s indictment for, conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or any felony (other than a minor traffic violation) 
 (iii) the suspension or debarment of the Participant or of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or entities as a direct result of any willful or grossly negligent act or omission of the Participant in connection with his or her employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries from participation in any federal or state health care program. For purposes of this clause (iii), the Participant shall not have acted in a willful manner if the Participant acted, or failed to act, in a manner that he or she believed in good faith to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 (iv) the Participant s admission, or finding by a court or the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC (or a similar agency of any applicable state), of liability for the violation of any Securities Laws (as hereinafter defined) (excluding any technical violations of the Securities Laws which are not criminal in nature). As used herein, the term Securities Laws means any federal or state law, rule or regulation governing the issuance or exchange of securities, including without limitation the 1933 Act and 1934 Act 
 (v) a formal indication from any agency or instrumentality of any state or the United States of America, including but not limited to the United States Department of Justice, the SEC or any committee of the United States Congress that the Participant is a target or the subject of any investigation or proceeding into the actions or inactions of the Participant for a violation of any Securities Laws (excluding any technical violations of the Securities Laws which are not criminal in nature) 
 (vi) the Participant s failure after reasonable prior written notice from the Company or any of its subsidiaries to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Board that is not remedied within thirty (30) days of the Participant being provided written notice thereof from the Company 
 (vii) any willful or gross misconduct by the Participant in connection with the Participant s duties to the Company which, in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Board, could reasonably be expected to be materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates or 
 (viii) other than as provided in clauses (i) through (vii) above, the Participant s breach of any material provision of any employment agreement or other material agreement with the Company, if applicable, or the Participant s breach of or failure to perform the material duties and responsibilities of the Participant s job, that is not remedied within thirty (30) days or repeated breaches of a similar nature, such as the failure to report to work, comply with a Company policy, perform duties when or as directed, all as provided herein, which shall not require additional notices as provided in clauses (i) through (vii) above. 
 2. Grant of PRSUs . Subject to and upon the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company has granted to the Participant, as of the Grant Date, the target number of performance-based 
 2 

Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Grant Notice (the PRSUs ). Each earned and vested PRSU shall represent the right of the Participant to receive one share of Stock subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Plan and the achievement of the Performance Objectives approved by the Committee. 
 3. Restrictions on Transfer of PRSUs . Subject to Section 16.2 of the Plan, neither the PRSUs evidenced hereby nor any interest therein or in the shares of Stock underlying such PRSUs shall be transferable prior to payment to the Participant pursuant to Section 6 hereof other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution. 
 4. Vesting of PRSUs . 
 (a) General Rule . The PRSUs shall be subject to the terms of the Statement of Performance Objectives provided to the Participant with respect to the PRSUs and approved by the Committee. As set forth in the Grant Notice, Earned PRSUs will be determined for the PRSUs in accordance with the Statement of Performance Objectives on the date on which the Committee determines the level of attainment of the Performance Objectives for the PRSUs (the Determination Date ). The Determination Date for the PRSUs shall occur as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event within 90 days, following the last day of the Performance Period. Provided that the Participant remains continuously employed with the Company or a Subsidiary through the last day of the Performance Period, the total Earned PRSUs shall vest on the Determination Date. Any PRSUs that do not so become vested will be forfeited, including, except as provided in Section 4(b) below, if the Participant ceases to be continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason prior to the end of the Performance Period. For purposes of this Agreement, continuously employed (or substantially similar terms) means the absence of any interruption or termination of the Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. Continuous employment shall not be considered interrupted or terminated in the case of transfers between locations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 (b) Special Circumstances . Notwithstanding Section 4(a) above or Section 16.5 or 16.8 of the Plan 
 (i) Upon any termination of the Participant s employment as a result of the Participant s death or Disability, in each case prior to the end of the Performance Period, the PRSUs shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest in full on the applicable Determination Date for such PRSUs (based on the actual achievement of any applicable Performance Objectives, as determined by the Committee on such Determination Date). 
 (ii) If the Participant s employment terminates as a result of Retirement prior to the end of the Performance Period, then a pro-rata portion of the PRSUs shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest on the applicable Determination Date for such PRSUs (based on the actual achievement of the applicable Performance Objectives, as determined by the Committee on such Determination Date), with such pro-rata portion determined by multiplying (i) the total number of PRSUs by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months that have elapsed from the first day of the Performance Period until the date of such termination and the denominator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period, and subtracting from such amount the number of PRSUs (if any) that previously vested. 
 (iii) In the event of a Change in Control that occurs prior to the end of the Performance Period, the PRSUs shall become vested and payable in accordance with Section 5 below. 
 5. Effect of a Change in Control . 
 (a) Notwithstanding Section 4(a) above, if at any time before the vesting or forfeiture of the PRSUs, and while the Participant is continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary, a Change in Control occurs, then all of the PRSUs will become immediately vested at the Change in Control Performance Level (as defined below), except to the extent that a Replacement Award is provided to the Participant in accordance with Section 5(c) to continue, replace or assume the PRSUs covered by this Agreement (the Replaced Award immediately prior to (and contingent upon) the Change in Control. 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control Performance Level means 
 (i) if the Change in Control occurs on or before the last day of the Performance Period, the greater of (A) the target performance level and (B) the actual performance level measured as of the date of such Change in Control (as reasonably determined by the Committee, as constituted immediately prior to the Change in Control, in its sole discretion) or 
 (ii) if the Change in Control occurs after the last day of the Performance Period, the actual performance level measured as of the end of the Performance Period (as determined by the Committee, as constituted immediately prior to the Change in Control, in its sole discretion). 
 3 

(c) For purposes of this Agreement, a Replacement Award means an award (i) of time-based restricted stock units, (ii) that has a value at least equal to the value of the Replaced Award determined based on the Change in Control Performance Level, (iii) that relates to publicly traded equity securities of the Company or its successor in the Change in Control or another entity that is affiliated with the Company or its successor following the Change in Control, (iv) if the Participant is subject to U.S. federal income tax under the Code, the tax consequences of which to such Participant under the Code are not less favorable to such Participant than the tax consequences of the Replaced Award, and (v) the other terms and conditions of which are not less favorable to the Participant than the terms and conditions of the Replaced Award (including the provisions that would apply in the event of a subsequent termination of employment or change in control). A Replacement Award may be granted only to the extent it does not result in the Replaced Award or Replacement Award failing to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Replacement Award may take the form of a continuation of the Replaced Award if the requirements of the two preceding sentences are satisfied. The determination of whether the conditions of this paragraph are satisfied will be made by the Committee, as constituted immediately before the Change in Control, in its sole discretion. 
 (d) If, within two years after receiving a Replacement Award, the Participant experiences a termination of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary (or any of their successors) (as applicable, the Successor by reason of a termination by the Successor without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the remaining vesting period for the Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest in full upon such termination. 
 6. Form and Time of Payment of PRSUs . 
 (a) Payment for the PRSUs, after and to the extent they have become vested, shall be made in the form of shares of Stock. Except as provided in Section 6(b) , payment of the PRSUs shall be made in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 6(a) , to the extent the PRSUs are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code) on the dates set forth below and have not previously been settled, payment for such vested PRSUs shall be made within thirty (30) days after such date 
 (i) the date of a Change in Control, provided such Change in Control qualifies as a permissible date of distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code (a 409A Change in Control and 
 (ii) subject to Section 15.1 of the Plan, the date of Participant s separation from service for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code that occurs within two years after a 409A Change in Control. 
 (c) Except to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and approved by the Committee, no shares of Stock may be issued to the Participant at a time earlier than otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 (d) The Company s obligations to the Participant with respect to the PRSUs will be satisfied in full upon the issuance of shares of Stock corresponding to such PRSUs. 
 7. No Dividend Equivalents Voting and Other Rights . 
 (a) The Participant shall have no rights of ownership in the shares of Stock underlying the PRSUs, no rights to dividends with respect to such shares, and no right to vote the shares of Stock underlying the PRSUs until the date on which the shares of Stock underlying the PRSUs are issued or transferred to the Participant pursuant to Section 6 above. 
 (b) The obligation of the Company under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver shares of Stock in the future, and the rights of the Participant will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 8. Adjustments . The PRSUs and the number of shares of Stock issuable for each PRSU and the other terms and conditions of the grant evidenced by this Agreement are subject to mandatory adjustment, including as provided in Section 17.1 of the Plan. 
 9. Taxes . To the extent that the Company is required to withhold federal, state, local, or foreign taxes or other amounts in connection with any payment made or benefit realized by the Participant under this Agreement, and the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the receipt of such payment or the realization of such benefit that the Participant make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of 
 4 

such taxes or other amounts required to be withheld. If the Participant s benefit is to be received in the form of shares of Stock, then, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company will withhold shares of Stock having a value equal to the amount required to be withheld. The shares of Stock used for tax or other withholding will be valued at an amount equal to the fair market value of such shares of Stock on the date the benefit is to be included in the Participant s income. In no event will the market value of Stock to be withheld pursuant to this Section 9 to satisfy applicable withholding taxes or other amounts exceed the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to guarantee any particular tax result for the Participant with respect to any payment provided to the Participant hereunder, and the Participant shall be responsible for any taxes imposed on the Participant with respect to any such payment. 
 10. Compliance with Law . The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws provided , however , that notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law. 
 11. Compliance With Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement and the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent, and any provision that would cause this Agreement or the Plan to fail to satisfy Section 409A of the Code shall have no force or effect until amended to comply with Section 409A of the Code (which amendment may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and may be made by the Company without the consent of the Participant). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company is not guaranteeing any particular tax outcome, and the Participant shall remain solely liable for any and all tax consequences associated with the PRSUs. 
 12. Interpretation . Any reference in this Agreement to Section 409A of the Code will also include any proposed, temporary or final regulations, or any other guidance, promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 
 13. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . The grant of the PRSUs under this Agreement to the Participant is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. The grant of the PRSUs and any payments made hereunder will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to be employed or remain employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Participant. 
 14. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Participant under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Participant may be entitled under any other compensatory arrangement maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 15. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto provided , however , that no amendment shall adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement without the Participant s written consent, and the Participant s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code or Section 10D of the 1934 Act. 
 16. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 
 17. Relation to Plan . The PRSUs granted under this Agreement and all of the terms and conditions hereof are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Plan, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with this Agreement. 
 18. Compensation Recovery Policy . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the award described herein are subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s clawback policy (if any) as may be in effect from time to time, including specifically to implement Section 10D of the 1934 Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (including applicable rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the Stock may be traded) (the Compensation Recovery Policy ), and that 
 5 

applicable sections of this Agreement and any related documents shall be superseded by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Compensation Recovery Policy from and after the effective date thereof. 
 19. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the PRSUs and the Participant s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 20. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed with the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any principle of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 21. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 3 hereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Participant, and the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 22. Acknowledgement . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (d) agrees to such terms and conditions. Nothing in this Agreement prevents the Participant from providing, without prior notice to the Company, information to governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations or otherwise testifying or participating in any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations. 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 
 Signatures on following page 
 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement on the day and year indicated below. 
 ENHABIT, INC. 

By 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 
 Participant Acknowledgment and Acceptance 
 
 By 
 
 Print Name 
 Date 
 
 7 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 5
 exhibit-107xenhabitincxfor.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 

Exhibit 10.7 
 ENHABIT, INC. 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION 
 (Employees) 
 Enhabit, Inc. (the Company hereby grants to the Participant an Option (the Option to purchase the number of shares of Stock set forth below under the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option is subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Notice of Grant of Non-Qualified Stock Option (this Grant Notice ), in the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement attached hereto (the Agreement and in the Plan. Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Grant Notice will have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan or Agreement, as applicable, and the Plan and Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Grant Notice. If there are any inconsistencies between this Grant Notice or the Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 Participant 
 ________________________ Type of Grant 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Date 
 ________________________ Number of Shares Subject to the Option 
 ________________________ Exercise Price (per share) 
 ________________________ Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, including but not limited to the Participant s continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary until the applicable vesting date, the Option shall vest as follows ___________ . 

1 

ENHABIT, INC. 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 Enhabit, Inc. (the Company has granted, pursuant to the Enhabit, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan ), to the Participant named in the Notice of Grant of Non-Qualified Stock Option (the Grant Notice to which this Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement is attached (together with the Grant Notice, this Agreement an Option (the Option to purchase shares of Stock as set forth in such Grant Notice, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 1. Certain Definitions . Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Agreement will have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, as used herein 
 (a) Cause shall have the meaning set forth in any individual employment, severance or similar agreement between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) and the Participant, or in the event that the Participant is not a party to such an agreement, Cause shall mean 
 (i) the Company s procurement of evidence of the Participant s act of fraud, misappropriation, or embezzlement with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 (ii) the Participant s indictment for, conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or any felony (other than a minor traffic violation) 
 (iii) the suspension or debarment of the Participant or of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or entities as a direct result of any willful or grossly negligent act or omission of the Participant in connection with his or her employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries from participation in any federal or state health care program. For purposes of this clause (iii), the Participant shall not have acted in a willful manner if the Participant acted, or failed to act, in a manner that he or she believed in good faith to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 (iv) the Participant s admission, or finding by a court or the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC (or a similar agency of any applicable state), of liability for the violation of any Securities Laws (as hereinafter defined) (excluding any technical violations of the Securities Laws which are not criminal in nature). As used herein, the term Securities Laws means any federal or state law, rule or regulation governing the issuance or exchange of securities, including without limitation the 1933 Act and 1934 Act 
 (v) a formal indication from any agency or instrumentality of any state or the United States of America, including but not limited to the United States Department of Justice, the SEC or any committee of the United States Congress that the Participant is a target or the subject of any investigation or proceeding into the actions or inactions of the Participant for a violation of any Securities Laws (excluding any technical violations of the Securities Laws which are not criminal in nature) 
 (vi) the Participant s failure after reasonable prior written notice from the Company or any of its subsidiaries to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Board that is not remedied within thirty (30) days of the Participant being provided written notice thereof from the Company 
 (vii) any willful or gross misconduct by the Participant in connection with the Participant s duties to the Company which, in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Board, could reasonably be expected to be materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates or 
 (viii) other than as provided in clauses (i) through (vii) above, the Participant s breach of any material provision of any employment agreement or other material agreement with the Company, if applicable, or the Participant s breach of or failure to perform the material duties and responsibilities of the Participant s job, that is not remedied within thirty (30) days or repeated breaches of a similar nature, such as the failure to report to work, comply with a Company policy, perform duties when or as directed, all as provided herein, which shall not require additional notices as provided in clauses (i) through (vii) above. 
 2. Grant of Option . Subject to and upon the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company has granted to the Participant, as of the Grant Date, an Option to purchase the number of shares of Stock set forth in the Grant Notice at the exercise price per share specified therein. The exercise price per share represents at least the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Grant Date. The Option is intended to be a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 
 3. Vesting of Option . 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided herein, the Option shall vest and become exercisable Vest , or Vested as set forth in the Grant Notice if the Participant remains in the continuous employment of the Company or a Subsidiary in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice (the period from the Grant Date until 
 2 

the last vesting date of the Vesting Schedule, the Vesting Period ). Any portion of the Option that does not become Vested will be forfeited, including, except as provided in Sections 3(b) , 3(c) or 3(d) below, if the Participant ceases to be continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary prior to the end of the Vesting Period. For purposes of this Agreement, continuously employed (or substantially similar terms) means the absence of any interruption or termination of the Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. Continuous employment shall not be considered interrupted or terminated in the case of transfers between locations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 3(a) above, the unvested portion of the Option (to the extent the Option has not been forfeited) shall Vest in full upon any termination of the Participant s employment as a result of the Participant s death or Disability. 
 (c) Notwithstanding Section 3(a) above, if the Participant s employment terminates as a result of Retirement, then, a pro-rata portion of the shares of Stock underlying the Option (to the extent the Option has not been forfeited) shall Vest, with such pro-rata portion determined by multiplying (i) the total number of shares of Stock subject to the Option, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months that have elapsed from the Grant Date until the date of the Participant s Retirement and the denominator of which is the number of full months in the Vesting Period, and subtracting from such amount the number of shares of Stock (if any) subject to the Option that previously vested. 
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 3(a) above, in the event of a Change in Control, the Option shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with Section 5 below. 
 4. Right To Exercise Termination of the Option . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5 , any portion of the Option that becomes Vested in accordance with Section 3 shall remain exercisable until, and shall terminate on, the earliest of the following dates 
 (a) Ninety (90) days after any termination of the Participant s employment, unless such termination of employment (i) is a result of a termination due to the Participant s Retirement as described in Section 4(b) , (ii) is due to the Participant s death (or another type of termination followed by the Participant s death) as described in Section 4(c) , (iii) is due to the Participant s Disability as described in Section 4(d) , or (iv) is a result of a termination for Cause as described in Section 4(e) 
 (b) Three (3) years following the Participant s Retirement 
 (c) One (1) year after the Participant s death if such death occurs while the Participant is employed by the Company or any Subsidiary or during the applicable continuing exercise period following termination for another reason 
 (d) One (1) year after the Participant s termination of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary due to Disability 
 (e) The date of termination of the Participant s employment by the Company or any Subsidiary for Cause or 
 (f) Ten (10) years from the Grant Date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, any portion of the Option that remains outstanding, whether or not Vested, will terminate immediately on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 5. Effect of Change in Control . 
 (a) Notwithstanding Section 3(a) above, if at any time before the end of the Vesting Period (or forfeiture of the Option), and while the Participant is continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary, a Change in Control occurs, then the Option will Vest in full (except to the extent that a Replacement Award is provided to the Participant in accordance with Section 5(b) to continue, replace or assume the Option covered by this Agreement (the Replaced Award ), immediately prior to (and contingent upon) the Change in Control. 
 (b) For purposes of this Section 5 , Replacement Award means (i) of the same or a substantially similar type e.g ., a time-based option) as the Replaced Award (ii) that has a value at least equal to the value of the Replaced Award (iii) that relates to publicly traded equity securities of the Company or its successor in the Change in Control or another entity that is affiliated with the Company or its successor following the Change in Control (iv) if the Participant is subject to U.S. federal income tax under the Code, the tax consequences of which to such Participant under the Code are not less favorable to the Participant than the tax consequences of Replaced Award and (v) the other terms and conditions of which are not less favorable to the Participant than the terms and conditions of the Replaced Award (including the provisions that would apply in the event of a subsequent termination of employment or change in control). 
 3 

A Replacement Award may be granted only to the extent it does not result in the Replaced Award or Replacement Award failing to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Replacement Award may take the form of a continuation of the Replaced Award if the requirements of the two preceding sentences are satisfied. The determination of whether the conditions of this definition are satisfied will be made by the Committee, as constituted immediately before the Change in Control, in its sole discretion 
 (c) If, within two years after receiving a Replacement Award, the Participant experiences a termination of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary (or any of their successors) (as applicable, the Successor by reason of a termination by the Successor without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the remaining vesting period for the Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest and remain exercisable until the earlier of (i) the date that is two years following the date of such termination and (ii) the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 6. Exercise and Payment of Option . To the extent exercisable, the Option may be exercised in whole or in part from time to time and will be settled in Stock by the Participant giving written notice to the Company at its principal office specifying the number of shares of Stock for which the Option is to be exercised and paying the aggregate exercise price per share for such Stock. Payment of the exercise price per share by the Participant shall be (a) in cash, by check acceptable to the Company or by wire transfer of immediately available funds, (b) by the actual or constructive transfer to the Company of Stock owned by the Participant having a value at the time of exercise equal to the total exercise price per share, (c) subject to any conditions or limitations established by the Board or the Committee, by the withholding of Stock otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Option pursuant to a net exercise arrangement, (d) by a combination of such methods of payment, or (e) by such other methods as may be approved by the Board or the Committee. 
 7. Transferability, Binding Effect . Subject to Section 16.2 of the Plan, the Option is not transferable by the Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and in no event shall the Option be transferred for value. 
 8. No Dividend Equivalents . The Participant shall not be entitled to dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to the Option or the Stock underlying the Option until such Stock is issued after the exercise of the Option (or portion thereof). 
 9. Adjustments . The number of shares of Stock issuable subject to the Option and the other terms and conditions of the grant evidenced by this Agreement are subject to mandatory adjustment, including as provided in Section 17.1 of the Plan. 
 10. Taxes and Withholding . To the extent that the Company is required to withhold federal, state, local, or foreign taxes or other amounts in connection with any payment made or benefit realized by the Participant under this Agreement, and the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the receipt of such payment or the realization of such benefit that the Participant make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of such taxes or other amounts required to be withheld. If the Participant s benefit is to be received in the form of shares of Stock, then, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company will withhold shares of Stock having a value equal to the amount required to be withheld. The shares of Stock used for tax or other withholding will be valued at an amount equal to the fair market value of such shares of Stock on the date the benefit is to be included in the Participant s income. In no event will the fair market value of Stock to be withheld pursuant to this Section 10 to satisfy applicable withholding taxes or other amounts exceed the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to guarantee any particular tax result for the Participant with respect to any payment provided to the Participant hereunder, and the Participant shall be responsible for any taxes imposed on the Participant with respect to any such payment. 
 11. Compliance with Law . The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws provided , however , notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law. The Option shall not be exercisable if such exercise would involve a violation of any law. 
 12. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . The Option award is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. The Option award and any related payments made to the Participant will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. Nothing contained in this Agreement will confer upon the Participant any right to be employed or remain employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the Participant s employment or adjust the compensation of the Participant. 
 13. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Participant under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Participant may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 4 

14. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto provided , however , that no amendment shall adversely affect the Participant s rights with respect to the Option without the Participant s consent, and the Participant s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 10D of the 1934 Act. 
 15. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 
 16. Relation to Plan . The Option granted under this Agreement and all of the terms and conditions hereof are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Plan, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with this Agreement. 
 17. Compensation Recovery Policy . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the award described herein are subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s clawback policy (if any) as may be in effect from time to time and applicable to the Participant and the Option, including specifically to implement Section 10D of the 1934 Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (including applicable rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the Stock may be traded) (the Compensation Recovery Policy ), and that applicable sections of this Agreement and any related documents shall be superseded by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Compensation Recovery Policy from and after the effective date thereof. 
 18. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Option and the Participant s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 19. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed with the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any principle of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 20. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 6 hereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Participant, and the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 21. Acknowledgement . the Participant acknowledges that the Participant (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (d) agrees to such terms and conditions. Nothing in this Agreement prevents the Participant from providing, without prior notice to the Company, information to governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations or otherwise testifying or participating in any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations. 
 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement on the day and year indicated below. 
 ENHABIT, INC. 

By 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 

Participant Acknowledgment and Acceptance 
 
 By 
 
 Name 
 Date 

6 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-19.1>
 6
 exhibit-191xinsidertrading.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 19.1 

ENHABIT, INC. 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 1. Purpose and Scope . This Insider Trading Policy (this Policy provides guidelines with respect to transactions in the securities of Enhabit, Inc., a Delaware corporation (including its direct and indirect subsidiaries, the Company or Enhabit ). The Company has adopted this Policy to promote compliance with applicable laws that prohibit certain persons who are aware of material nonpublic information (as defined below) about a company from (i) trading in securities of that company or (ii) providing material nonpublic information to other persons who may trade on the basis of that information. 
 2. Persons Covered under this Policy . 
 (a) This policy applies to all employees and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. This Policy also applies to certain family members of persons covered by this Policy-- specifically, their spouses, any child or step-child, and any other family member who lives in their households or who lives elsewhere but whose transactions are directed by or are subject to their influence or control Family Members ). For purposes of this policy, other family members may include a person s parent, step-parent, grandparent, grandchild, sibling, mother- or father-in law, son- or daughter-in-law, and brother- or sister-in law. 
 (b) This policy includes certain requirements that apply only to directors and executive officers (collectively called Section 16 Persons ), and to certain other designated individuals called Other Insiders whom the Company has determined are likely to have access to the Company s non-public quarterly financial information. A list of the Company s Section 16 Persons and Other Insiders is attached as Exhibit A . The Company will periodically update its list of Section 16 Persons and Other Insiders, and will notify affected individuals when they have been added to or removed from the list. 
 3. Prohibition Against Trading on Material Nonpublic Information . During the course of your service at Enhabit , you may become aware of material nonpublic information. If you are aware of material nonpublic information regarding Enhabit, you are prohibited from trading in Enhabit stock or derivative securities relating to Enhabit stock, unless such trade is made pursuant to a properly qualified, adopted and approved Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Rule 10b5-1 trading plans are discussed in Section 4 of this Policy. 
 (a) Material . It is difficult to describe exhaustively what constitutes material information, but you should assume that any information, positive or negative, which might be of significance to an investor, as part of the total mix of available information, in determining whether to purchase, sell or hold Enhabit stock would be material. Information may be significant for this purpose even if it would not alone determine the investor s decision. Examples include 
 earnings and related financial performance information and operating results 
 internal financial information which departs in any way from what the market would expect 
 significant changes in volumes, market share, payor-mix, strategic plans, or liquidity 
 an important financing transaction 
 stock splits or other transactions relating to Enhabit stock 
 mergers, tender offers or acquisitions of other companies, or major purchases or sales of assets 
 changes in senior management 
 sales or purchases by Enhabit of its own stock 
 major litigation 
 major transactions with other companies, such as joint ventures or Medicare Advantage contracts 
 1 

a major cybersecurity incident 
 Note that this list is merely illustrative and not exhaustive . 
 (b) Nonpublic . Nonpublic information is any information which has not yet been disclosed generally to the marketplace. Information received about a company under circumstances which indicate that it is not yet in general circulation should be considered nonpublic. As a rule, you should be able to point to some fact to show that the information is generally available. 
 (c) Trading Day . Trading Day shall mean any day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading . Even after nonpublic information has been disclosed generally to the marketplace for example, by the Company issuing a press release at least one full Trading Day must elapse after the day the information has been generally disclosed before you can trade in Enhabit stock. For example, if Enhabit issues a press release containing material information at 1 00 p.m. on a Tuesday, and the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading on Wednesday, persons subject to this policy shall not be permitted to trade in Enhabit stock until Thursday. If Enhabit issues a press release containing material information at 6 00 p.m. on a Friday, and the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading on Monday, persons subject to this policy shall not be permitted to trade in Enhabit stock until Tuesday. 
 (d) You also are prohibited from giving tips on material nonpublic information. That means you shall not, directly or indirectly, disclose material nonpublic information to any other person, including without limitation Family Members, that could inform their trades in Enhabit stock or derivative securities relating to Enhabit stock. 
 (e) Furthermore, if you learn material nonpublic information about another company with which Enhabit does business, such as a supplier, customer or joint venture partner, or you learn that Enhabit is planning a major transaction with another company (such as an acquisition), you must not trade in the securities of the other company until such information has been made public for at least one full Trading Day. 
 (f) This means, if you are aware of material nonpublic information, you must forego a transaction in Enhabit stock or the securities of another company even though 
 you planned the transaction before learning of the material nonpublic information, 
 you may lose money or a potential profit by not completing the transaction, or 
 the transaction may be necessary or seem justifiable for independent reasons (including a need to raise money for a personal financial reason). 
 Remember that anyone scrutinizing your transactions will be doing so after the fact, with the benefit of hindsight. As a result, before engaging in any transaction you should carefully consider how your transaction may be construed by enforcement authorities and others in hindsight. 
 4. Trading Blackout Periods . 
 (a) Quarterly Recurring Blackout . Section 16 Persons and Other Insiders and their Family Members may only trade Enhabit stock during the period commencing one full Trading Day following a release of Enhabit s quarterly results, and ending at the close of business on the 10 th calendar day of the third month of each quarter (provided that if the 10 th calendar day is a Saturday, Sunday or weekday on which the New York Stock Exchange is closed for trading, the trading widow will close at the close of business on the immediately preceding Trading Day). Nonetheless, as mentioned above, no trade of Enhabit stock may be made during these periods if the person covered by this policy possesses material nonpublic information. 
 (b) Special Blackout . From time to time, upon prior notice to the persons affected, the Company may impose event-specific special blackout periods during which other specific individuals are prohibited from trading in Enhabit stock . The fact of the special blackout period and the identity of persons affected by it shall be kept confidential and shall not be disclosed to others not subject to it. 
 The trading restrictions set forth in this Section 4 do not apply to any trades made pursuant to properly qualified, adopted and approved Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. 
 5. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans . 
 (a) Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 provides an affirmative defense against a claim of insider trading if an insider s trades are made pursuant to a written plan that was adopted in good faith at a time when the insider was not aware of material nonpublic information. It is the Company s policy that employees and directors may make trades pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan provided that (i) such plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1, (ii) such plan was adopted at a time when the employee or director would otherwise have been 
 2 

able to trade under Sections 3 and 4 of this policy and (iii) adoption of the plan was expressly authorized by the Company s General Counsel or by his or her designee. No trade under a Rule 10b5-1 plan may be triggered earlier than the later to occur of (x) 90 days after the date the Rule 10b5-1 plan is executed, or (y) 2 business days after the filing of the Company s Form 10-Q (or Form 10-K for any plan executed during the fourth fiscal quarter) for the fiscal quarter in which the plan was executed, up to a maximum of 120 days after the date the plan is executed. In addition, any Rule 10b5-1 plan must be (I) the sole outstanding Rule 10b5-1 plan for such insider, unless an exception is approved in advance by the Company s General Counsel, after evaluating whether any such additional plan would be permitted by Rule 10b5-1, and (II) if such Rule 10b5-1 plan is a single-trade plan, the sole single-trade plan within any consecutive 12-month period. Note that trades made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans by Section 16 Persons must still be reported to the General Counsel pursuant to the second paragraph of Section 6(b) below. 
 (b) Outside of blackout periods and subject to this Policy, trades differing from trading plan instructions that are already in place are allowed as long as the trading plan continues to be followed. 
 6. Additional Restrictions and Obligations for Directors and Officers . 
 (a) Pre-clearance . In addition to complying with the prohibition on trading during scheduled and event-specific special blackout periods, Section 16 Persons must first obtain pre- clearance from the Company s General Counsel or his or her designee in the Legal Department before engaging in any transaction in Enhabit stock. A request for pre- clearance should be submitted to the General Counsel at least 48 hours in advance of the proposed transaction in a form prescribed by the General Counsel. If the General Counsel seeks pre-clearance, he or she shall request it from the Chief Executive Officer in consultation with counsel. If a proposed transaction receives pre-clearance, the pre- cleared trade must be effected no later than the close of the third Trading Day after the date of receipt of pre-clearance. If the requesting person becomes aware of material nonpublic information before the trade is executed, the pre-clearance is void and the trade must not be completed. Transactions not effected within the time limit become subject to pre-clearance again. If a requesting person seeks pre-clearance and permission to engage in the transaction is denied, then he or she should refrain from initiating any transaction in Enhabit stock, and should not inform any other person of the restriction. 
 (b) Reporting Trades and Short Swing Liability . Section 16 Persons must also comply with the reporting obligations and limitations on short-swing profit transactions set forth in federal securities laws. Section 16 Persons must report the purchase or sale of Enhabit stock to the Company s General Counsel as soon as reasonably practical but no later than one day after any such transaction. Section 16 Persons may be required to disgorge to the Company all profits of purchases and sales that occurred within the same six- month period, whether or not such individual had knowledge of any material nonpublic information. For this reason, it is important that Section 16 Persons contact the General Counsel prior to any trade in Enhabit stock. Your adherence to this policy is vital to your protection as well as Enhabit s. 
 7. Gifts of Enhabit Stock . All persons subject to this Policy must make gifts of Enhabit stock only at times when they could transact in Enhabit stock in compliance with this Policy. Any person subject to this Policy wishing to make a gift of Enhabit stock is also subject to the trading blackout periods and pre-clearance requirements referenced above. 
 8. Prohibition Against Short Sales . You and your Family Members may not, under any circumstances, trade options for, or sell short, Enhabit stock. 
 9. Prohibition Against Hedging Transactions . Hedging transactions may insulate you from upside or downside price movement in Enhabit stock which can result in the perception that you no longer have the same interests as the Company s other stockholders. Accordingly, you and your Family Members may not enter into hedging or monetization transactions such as zero-cost collars, equity swaps, exchange funds, forward sale contracts, or similar arrangements with respect to Enhabit stock, including the purchase or sale of puts or calls or the use of any other derivative instruments. 
 10. Margin Accounts and Pledging . Securities held in a margin account or pledged as collateral for a loan may be sold without your consent by the broker if you fail to meet a margin call or by the lender in foreclosure if you default on the loan. A margin or foreclosure sale that occurs when you are aware of material nonpublic information may, under some circumstances, result in unlawful insider trading. Because of this danger, you and your Family Members may not hold Enhabit stock in a margin account nor pledge Enhabit stock as collateral for a loan. 
 11. Policy Interpretations and Amendments . The General Counsel is responsible for interpreting and updating this Policy as required. 
 
 3 

THESE ARE VERY SERIOUS MATTERS. INSIDER TRADING IS ILLEGAL AND CAN RESULT IN JAIL SENTENCES AS WELL AS CIVIL PENALTIES, INCLUDING TRIPLE DAMAGES. EMPLOYEES WHO VIOLATE THIS POLICY MAY BE SUBJECT TO DISCIPLINARY ACTION BY THE COMPANY, INCLUDING DISMISSAL FOR CAUSE. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTION OR DOUBT ABOUT THE APPLICABILITY OR INTERPRETATION OF THIS POLICY OR THE PROPRIETY OF ANY DESIRED ACTION, PLEASE SEEK CLARIFICATION FROM OUR PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, OR GENERAL COUNSEL. DO NOT TRY TO RESOLVE UNCERTAINTIES ON YOUR OWN. 

As adopted by the Enhabit, Inc. Board of Directors on February 22, 2023 
 
 4 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
 
 The undersigned acknowledges that he she has read this Insider Trading Policy and agrees to comply with the restrictions and procedures contained herein. 

Signature Date 

Name (Please Print) 
 
 5 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Section 16 Persons 
 
 Directors 
 Executive Officers 
 Other Insiders 
 
 Provided by management 
 6 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exhibit-231xconsentofprice.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-265957) of Enhabit, Inc. of our report dated April 14, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 April 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit-311xenhabitincx302.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Barbara A. Jacobsmeyer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enhabit, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date April 14, 2023 
 
 By s Barbara A. Jacobsmeyer Barbara A. Jacobsmeyer President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit-312xenhabitincx302.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Crissy B. Carlisle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enhabit, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date April 14, 2023 
 
 By s Crissy B. Carlisle Crissy B. Carlisle Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit-321xenhabitincx906.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Enhabit, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Barbara A. Jacobsmeyer, President and Chief Executive Officer of Enhabit, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date April 14, 2023 
 By s Barbara A. Jacobsmeyer Name Barbara A. Jacobsmeyer Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 NAI-1535695959v1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exhibit-322xenhabitincx906.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Enhabit, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Crissy B. Carlisle, Chief Financial Officer of Enhabit, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date April 14, 2023 
 By s Crissy B. Carlisle Name Crissy B. Carlisle Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ehab-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ehab-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ehab-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ehab-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ehab-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

