<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230623_10-K_edgar_data_866439_0001683168-23-004387.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8377408</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>360535</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1568880</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2387842</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1683356</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2135472</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-004387.hdr.sgml : 20230623
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230623160246
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-004387
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230623
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230623

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DarkPulse, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866439
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				870472109
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18730
		FILM NUMBER:		231037618

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 WALKER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1155
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-436-1436

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 WALKER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1155
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KLEVER MARKETING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970605

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VIDEOCART INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-004387.txt : 20230623

10-K
 1
 darkpulse_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area
Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
based on the price at which the common equity was last sold on the OTC Markets on June 30, 2022 was approximately . For purposes
of this computation only, all officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. 

The number of shares of the
registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding as of June 22, 2023, was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 32 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 32 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 33 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 35 

PART II 
 36 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 37 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 37 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 37 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 46 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 46 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 46 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 46 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 48 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 48 

PART III 
 49 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 49 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 51 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 52 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 53 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 53 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 54 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 57 

SIGNATURES 
 58 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form
10-K for DarkPulse, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the exhibits attached hereto contain
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward looking
statements concern the Company s anticipated results and developments in the Company s operations in future periods, planned
development of the Company s technology, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur in the future. These statements
relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable and
assumptions of management. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words expects ,
 anticipates , intends , believes and similar language. Our actual results may differ significantly
from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not
limited to, those discussed in the section Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to
the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report. 

Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. These factors include among others: 

The unprecedented impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business, customers, employees, subcontractors, consultants, service providers, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders; 

the impact of conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine on our operations; 

geo--political events, such as the crisis in Ukraine, government responses to such events and the related impact on the economy both nationally and internationally; 

Our ability to raise sufficient capital and continue to fund operating expenses; 

Our ability to get our technology to work in accordance with our technical specifications; 

Our ability to attract customers to our products once they are developed; 

Our ability to generate sales of our products once they are developed; 

Our ability to attract and retain the necessary personnel with the expertise needed to ensure that we can operate the Company effectively; 

Actions or inactions of third-party contractors and vendors; 

Our ability to successfully patent and protect our intellectual property; and 

General economic conditions. 

This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may
affect our forward-looking statements. Some of the important risks and uncertainties that could affect forward-looking statements are
described further under the sections titled Business , Risk Factors , and Management s Discussion
and Analysis. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. We caution readers not to place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
events. 

We qualify all the forward-looking statements contained
in this Form 10-K by the foregoing cautionary statements. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

As used in this Form 10-K, the terms we, 
 us, our, and the Company refer to DarkPulse, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

Corporate Overview 

Organization 

DarkPulse,
Inc. DarkPulse or the Company is a technology-security company incorporated in 1989 as
Klever Marketing, Inc. One of our principal wholly-owned subsidiaries, DarkPulse
Technologies Inc. DPTI , originally started as a technology spinout from the University of New
Brunswick, Fredericton, Canada. DPTI is comprised of multiple security platforms:
Patented Brillouin Optical Time Domain Analysis BOTDA Fiber Optic sensor systems and Satellite Communications services. 

On July 20, 2018, we
filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Delaware, changing the name of the Company to DarkPulse,
Inc. We filed a corporate action notification with FINRA, and our ticker symbol was changed to DPLS. 

Our security and monitoring
systems will be delivered in applications for critical infrastructure/ key resources such as but not limited to border security, pipelines,
the oil and gas industry and mine safety. Current uses of fiber optic distributed sensor technology have been limited to quasi-static,
long-term structural health monitoring due to the time required to obtain the data and its poor precision. Our patented BOTDA dark-pulse
sensor technology allows for the monitoring of highly dynamic environments due to its greater resolution and accuracy. 

Our Operating Units 

Optilan 

Founded in 1990, Optilan
is an international leading independent security and communications systems integrator. Providing specialist technologies and techniques,
Optilan helps to protect businesses and organizations from external threats in the telecommunications, energy, rail, critical network
infrastructure, pipeline integrity systems, renewables and security sectors. Headquartered in Warwick, United Kingdom with a 30-year history,
Optilan s customers trust it to keep the integrity of their assets safe and secure, by managing the life cycle delivery risk of
Optilan s solutions. By fostering a collaborative design approach to complex problems, Optilan provides innovative solutions, custom
fit to even the most demanding of sites and scale of projects. Importantly, Optilan s commitment to its safety culture remains unaverred,
to ensure that everyone goes home safely every day. Optilan orchestrates business resilience with a suite of end-to-end solutions, combined
with connectivity and professional service at a global level. Today's business environment is more dynamic than ever, with continuous
change and disruption accepted as the new normal. Optilan complements its tailored, integrated expertise with a curated ecosystem of leading
manufacturers, to achieve both high quality and enduring results. Optilan is proud to foster a unique culture full of talented individuals.
Optilan s sector focus ensures that its account teams are fully accredited in their operational areas. Optilan is committed to creating
individually tailored solutions, using collaborative techniques and programming tools to deliver the networks of the future. Optilan has
provided integrated solutions for leading oil and gas, industrial and energy companies around the world. As an industry leader in deploying
communication networks with exceptional reliability, Optilan s reputation for delivering the highest quality products remains unsurpassed.
This spans mobile, broadband, security systems and customer premise works. Optilan s professionals have the skill to adopt and embed
its expertise into existing platforms, processes, and cultures, delivering exceptional value for its clients. Beyond Optilan s operational
scope, Optilan strives to consider the impact of its global footprint and mitigate associated environmental and sustainability risks.
These factors combined set Optilan apart and establish why customers continue to trust and invest in Optilan s services. 

1 

Remote Intelligence 

Remote Intelligence RI provides unmanned aerial drone and unmanned ground crawler UGC services to a variety of clients in all markets,
including, specifically: industrial mapping and ecosystem, search and rescue, and pipeline security. RI started in 2013 with a simple
vision, to use the new and developing field of unmanned aerial vehicles to produce higher quality, safer, and more effective products
for a variety of markets. RI strives to equip, educate and advance the use of the most advanced unmanned aerial systems and unmanned ground
crawlers in the United States and around the world for commercial, government, and domestic use. RI s top priorities are to find
safe and ethical ways to use this new and exciting field of technology to make life better. RI provides holistic intelligence consultation
and solutions including full-service methane detection and monitoring and quick, comprehensive site mapping and aerial inspection services.
RI specializes in fully integrated, geo-rectified, 3D modeled mapping and artificial intelligence AI for industrial
applications, specializing in the energy and environmental industries, with AI and live streaming capabilities anywhere in the world.
RI also provides aerial survey, video inspection services, emergency support services, wildlife and habitat surveys, and comprehensive
system design, training, and sales for both the commercial and private sectors. Integrating the latest tech solutions like artificial
intelligence, RI is globally-connected with a base of operation in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania. 

TerraData Unmanned 

Comprised of a team with
more than 30 years cumulative experience in the unmanned industry, TerraData Unmanned TerraData custom manufactures
National Defense Authorization Act NDAA compliant drones and unmanned ground crawlers to meet the needs of its
customers. TerraData has successfully delivered a custom drone platform per a customer s specifications which exceeds current industry
offering by more than 30 minutes. The team has manufactured, and successfully flight tested a Quad Copter drone with 1.5KG payload capabilities
that delivers more than 60 minutes of continuous flight. This cutting-edge design is a combination of proprietary software and hardware.
The custom platform offers NDAA compliant autopilot, communications links, Technical Standard Orders TSO certified
GPS unit and ground control station. Future designs include integrating Real-Time Kinematic RTK for mapping, methane
detectors, and true terrain following capabilities. There are also improvements scheduled that are intended to further extend the endurance
and provide over 4KG of payload capacity, not including batteries. TerraData has also announced the research, development and successful
testing of an autonomous crawler soon to be released to the market with methane and multi gas detection capabilities. Working seamlessly
with its partners at DarkPulse and its subsidiary companies, TerraData can custom design, build and operate a system to meet our customers'
needs 24 hours a day 365 days a year around the globe. 

Wildlife Specialists 

Wildlife Specialists WS was founded in 2007 to provide clients with comprehensive wildlife and environmental assessment, planning, and
monitoring services. WS currently maintains two regional offices located in north central and southeastern Pennsylvania and is available
to provide services to clients nationwide and around the globe. WS staff is made up of well-established professionals who have
a wide range of experience in wildlife management, research, and monitoring at the local and statewide levels throughout the United States.
In addition, WS has specific expertise in providing the full range of sensitive species and habitat assessments necessary for your development
projects. WS mission is to provide consulting services that use the latest technology to produce the highest quality results compatible
with its clients management goals and the appropriate protocols developed by state and federal wildlife management agencies. WS
is fully insured to industry standards and committed to the safety of its staff, clients, and the public. WS has maintained safety certification
through ISNetWorld and other third-party certifiers. WS is also officially PennDOT, General Services Administration GSA ),
Small Business, and HUBZone certified. 

TJM West Electronics 

TJM West Electronics TJM is an ISO9001 and AS9100 certified electronics and electro-mechanical assembly operation. TJM operates out
of a high tech, 20,000 sq. ft. facility in Tempe, Arizona. TJM s assembly team is trained to IPC 610 and J-STD-001 standards, Class
2 and 3. TJM has been in business since 1999. TJM s latest website was developed to be a customer interface for rapid costing, build
scheduling, open order status, and complete manufacturing history data records. Registered users can enter build and fabrication parameters
for quantities of 2-20 units. TJM s calculator provides itemized labor, printed circuit board PCB fabrication
cost and delivery. Registered users can also access factory floor for the updated status and delivery date of open orders, a review of
configuration, quotes and full quality history database. 

2 

As a U.S. manufacturer
and test of advanced electronics, cables and sub-assemblies, TJM specializes in advanced package and complex confidential architecture CCA and hardware. Certified to space and flight AS9100D, TJM has over 20 years supplying ultra-high reliability,
and fully documented electronic hardware. Per aerospace management standard AS9100D, TJM maintains all material certifications, process
and measurement reports electronically as part of a complete quality history record. Manufacturing PCB design services on the most popular
platforms including Cadence, Altium, and Mentor, TJM designs output data that integrates seamlessly to its automated manufacturing line.
From test development in circuit test ICT to functional and burn-in, TJM develops a test plan and hardware system
to deliver your 100 verified product. Low cost, high reliability manufacturing is the net result of quality planning, optimizing automation
technology, operational efficiency, and communication. TJM provides a high value, low-cost domestic solution to replace offshore manufacturing. 

Acquisitions 

On August 9, 2021, we
entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Optilan Guernsey Limited and Optilan Holdco 2 Limited, pursuant to which we purchased
from the sellers all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Optilan HoldCo 3 Limited, a private company incorporated in England
and Wales Optilan ), for 1.00. In connection with the acquisition, the Company acquired 14,828,459 in assets
and assumed liabilities totaling 25,179,320. As a result of the transaction, Optilan became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
 See Note 4 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS to the audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 on page
F-20 herein. 

On August 30, 2021, we
closed two separate Membership Interest Purchase Agreements with RI and WS pursuant to which we agreed to pay to the majority stockholder
of each of RI and WS an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, 500,000 to be paid on the closing date, and an additional
 500,000 to be paid 12 weeks from closing date in exchange for 60 ownership of each of RI and WS. As a result of the transactions, RI
and WS each became subsidiaries of the Company with the respective non-controlling interests recoded on the consolidated balance sheets. 

On September 8, 2021,
we entered into and closed the Stock Purchase Agreement with TJM and TJM s stockholders, pursuant to which we agreed to purchase
all of the equity interests in TJM in exchange for 450,000, subject to adjustments as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement. As a result
of the transaction, TJM became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Effective October 1,
2021, we entered into and closed the Membership Purchase Agreement with TerraData and Justin Dee, the sole stockholder of TerraData, pursuant
to which we agreed to purchase 60 of the equity interests in TerraData in exchange for 3,725,386 shares of our Common Stock and 400,000,
subject to adjustments as defined in the Membership Purchase Agreement, to be paid within 12 weeks of closing. As a result of the transaction,
TerraData became a subsidiary of the Company. 

Global
System Dynamics, Inc. 

On December 14,
2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the BCA by, between, and among our company, Global System
Dynamics, Inc., a Delaware corporation GSD ), and Zilla Acquisition Corp, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned
subsidiary of GSD (the Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the terms of the BCA, a business combination between us and GSD
will be effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into DarkPulse, with DarkPulse surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary
of GSD (the Merger ). Our board of directors has (i) approved and declared advisable the BCA, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the BCA and related transactions by our stockholders.
The total consideration to be paid at closing (the Merger Consideration by GSD to DarkPulse security holders will
be valued at 116,518,357.65. The Merger Consideration will be payable in shares of GSD Common Stock, valued at 10.00 per share. 

The transactions contemplated by the BCA, and
the other transactions contemplated by the other transaction documents contemplated by the BCA (collectively, the Proposed Business
Combination will constitute a Business Combination. The Business Combination and the transactions contemplated
thereby were unanimously approved by the board of directors of the Company on December 14, 2022. 

3 

The Business Combination 

The BCA provides, among other
things, that Merger Sub will merge with and into DarkPulse, with DarkPulse as the surviving company in the merger and, after giving effect
to such merger, DarkPulse shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary of GSD. GSD will continue to be named Global System Dynamics, Inc. 
and the combined entity will trade under the symbol DARK. 

In accordance with the
terms and subject to the conditions of the BCA, at the Effective Time, among other things: (i) each GSD Class A Share and each GSD
Class B Share that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger will become one share of common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, of GSD; (ii) by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any Party or any other Person, each share of DarkPulse
Common Stock (other than shares of DarkPulse Common Stock cancelled and extinguished pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(viii) of the BCA) issued
and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be automatically canceled and extinguished and converted into the
right to receive that number of GSD Class A Shares equal to the Merger Consideration; provided, however, that any DarkPulse shares that
are Restricted Shares shall be converted into restricted GSD Class A Shares, subject to the same vesting, transfer and other restrictions
as the applicable Restricted Shares; (iii) by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any Party or any other Person,
each share of capital stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be automatically cancelled
and extinguished and converted into one share of common stock, par value 0.0001, of DarkPulse; (vi) Dennis O Leary, Joseph Catalino,
George Pappas, Geoff Mullins, Wayne Bale and John Bartrum shall become the directors of GSD, Dennis O Leary shall become the Chief
Executive Officer of GSD and of the surviving company, and J. Richard Iler shall become the Chief Financial Officer of GSD, each to hold
office in accordance with the governing documents of GSD until such director s or officer s successor is duly elected or appointed
and qualified, or until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal; (v) by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of any Party or any other Person, each DarkPulse share held immediately prior to the Effective Time by DarkPulse as treasury stock
shall be automatically canceled and extinguished, and no consideration shall be paid with respect thereto. 

The Business Combination
is expected to close in the third calendar quarter of 2023 but in no event later than August 9, 2023 (unless extended), following the
receipt of the required approval by the stockholders of DarkPulse and GSD, approval by the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq of GSD s initial listing application filed in connection with the Business Combination, and the fulfillment of other customary closing
conditions. 

Representations and Warranties;
Covenants 

The parties to the BCA have
agreed to customary representations and warranties for transactions of this type. In addition, the parties to the BCA agreed to be bound
by certain customary covenants for transactions of this type, including, among others, covenants with respect to the conduct of the Company
and its subsidiaries during the period between execution of the BCA and the Closing. Each of the parties to the BCA has agreed to use
its reasonable best efforts to cause all actions and things necessary to consummate and expeditiously implement the Business Combination. 

Conditions to Each Party s Obligations 

Under the BCA, the obligations
of the parties to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective
parties, including, without limitation: (i) the applicable waiting period, if any, under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder relating to the Business Combination having expired or been terminated
and any other required regulatory approvals applicable to the transactions contemplated by the BCA having been obtained and remaining
in full force and effect; (ii) all the DarkPulse Preferred Stock being converted to DarkPulse Common Stock prior to the Effective Time;
(iii) no order or law issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental entity or other legal restraint or prohibition
preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination being in effect; (iv) the registration statement
on Form S-4 containing the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed by DarkPulse and GSD relating to the BCA and the Merger (the Registration
Statement becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), no stop order being issued by Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and remaining in effect
with respect to the Registration Statement, and no proceeding seeking such a stop order being threatened or initiated by the SEC and remaining
pending; (v) GSD s initial listing application with Nasdaq in connection with the Business Combination having been approved; (vi)
GSD s Board consisting of the number of directors, and comprising the individuals, determined pursuant to the BCA; (vii) the approval
and adoption of the BCA and the transactions contemplated thereby by the requisite vote of the DarkPulse s stockholders; (viii)
the approval and adoption of the BCA and the transactions contemplated thereby by the requisite vote of GSD s stockholders; (ix) after
giving effect to the transactions contemplated (including the PIPE Financing), GSD has at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets (as
determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) immediately
after the Effective Time; (x) the absence of a DarkPulse Material Adverse Effect since the date of the BCA that is continuing, and
(xi) the absence of a GSD Material Adverse Effect since the date of the BCA that is continuing. 

4 

Termination 

The BCA may be terminated
under certain customary and limited circumstances at any time prior to the Closing, including, without limitation, (i) by the mutual written
consent of GSD and DarkPulse; (ii) by GSD, subject to certain exceptions, if any of the representations or warranties made by DarkPulse
are not true and correct or if DarkPulse fails to perform any of its covenants or agreements under the BCA (including an obligation to
consummate the Closing) such that certain conditions to the obligations of GSD could not be satisfied and the breach (or breaches) of
such representations or warranties or failure (or failures) to perform such covenants or agreements is (or are) not cured or cannot be
cured within the earlier of (A) 30 days after written notice thereof, and (B) August 9, 2023 (the Termination Date 
(iii) by DarkPulse, subject to certain exceptions, if any of the representations or warranties made by us are not true and correct or
if GSD fails to perform any of GSD s covenants or agreements under the BCA (including an obligation to consummate the Closing) such
that the condition to the obligations of DarkPulse could not be satisfied and the breach (or breaches) of such representations or warranties
or failure (or failures) to perform such covenants or agreements is (or are) not cured or cannot be cured within the earlier of (A) 30
days after written notice thereof, and (B) the Termination Date iv) by either GSD or DarkPulse, if the Closing does not occur on or prior
to the Termination Date, unless the breach of any covenants or obligations under the BCA by the party seeking to terminate proximately
caused the failure to consummate the transactions contemplated by the BCA; (v) by either GSD or DarkPulse, if (A) any governmental entity
shall have issued an order or taken any other action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated
by the BCA and such order or other action shall have become final and non-appealable; or (B) if the required DarkPulse or GSD stockholder
consent is not obtained; (vi) by GSD, if (A) DarkPulse does not deliver, or cause to be delivered to GSD a Transaction Support Agreement
duly executed by certain DarkPulse stockholders or (B) the DarkPulse stockholders meeting has been held, has concluded, DarkPulse stockholders
have duly voted, and DarkPulse stockholder approval was not obtained; (vii) by GSD should DarkPulse not deposit into the Trust Account
in a timely manner the funds necessary to extend the period for us to complete an initial business combination for an additional period
of six months from February 9, 2023, in accordance with, and as required pursuant to, the BCA; and (x) by GSD should: (A) Nasdaq not approve
the initial listing application for the combined company with Nasdaq in connection with the Business Combination; (B) the combined company
not have satisfied all applicable initial listing requirements of Nasdaq; or (C) the common stock of the combined company not have been
approved for listing on Nasdaq prior to the Closing Date. 

In the event of the termination
of this BCA, the BCA will become void (and there will be no Liability or obligation on the part of the Parties and their respective Non-Party
Affiliates) with the exception of Section 5.3(a) , this Section 7.2 , Article VIII and Article I (to
the extent related to the termination), each of which will survive such termination and remain valid and binding obligations of the Parties. 

The Stockholder Transaction Support Agreement 

Concurrently with, or
with respect to a certain stockholder holding all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock of DarkPulse, within a specified time after
the signing of the BCA, the DarkPulse Stockholder (collectively, the Supporting Company Stockholder shall duly execute and deliver to GSD a transaction support agreement pursuant to which, among other things, such Supporting DarkPulse
Stockholder will agree to, support and vote in favor of the BCA, the Ancillary Documents which DarkPulse is or will be a party and the
transactions contemplated thereby (including the Merger). 

Our Business 

We offer a full suite
of engineering, installation and security management solutions to industries and governments. Coupled with our patented BOTDA technology,
we provide our customers a comprehensive data stream of critical metrics for assessing the health and security of their infrastructure.
Our comprehensive system provides for rapid, precise analysis and responsive activities predetermined by the end-user customer. These
responses include the use of smart AI platformed cameras, facial recognition technologies and multiple drone platforms.
Our User Interface (UI) is cloud based which offers end-users access to their systems on any device located anywhere in the world. Additional
programming of the UI is being completed within a game engine that will also offer access via Virtual Reality headsets, allowing end-users
to virtually inspection their assets. 

5 

Historically, distributed
sensor systems have been too costly, slow and limited in their capabilities to attain widespread use. In addition, Brillouin-based sensors
have been plagued with temperature and strain cross-sensitivity, i.e. the inability to distinguish between temperature and strain change
along the same fiber. The loss of spatial resolution with an increase in fiber length has also limited the use of distributed sensor systems.
Due to these shortcomings, existing technologies are unable to succeed within today s dynamic environments, and needs for more advanced
sensor technologies have remained unsatisfied. 

By contrast to
existing technologies, our BOTDA technology is a distributed-fiber sensing system, based on dark-pulse
 Brillouin scattering, which reports in real-time on conditions such as temperature, stress, strain corrosion and
structural health monitoring of Critical Infrastructure/Key Resources including Bridges, Buildings, Roadways pipelines and mining
installations. 

Our BOTDA technology s
differentiators from and advantages over existing technologies: 

Real-time Reporting: Higher data acquisition speeds allowing for structural monitoring of dynamic systems; 

Cost to Customer: Significantly lower acquisition and operating costs; 

Precision: A greater magnitude of precision and spatial resolution than other systems currently available; 

Applications: Wider range of capabilities than other systems currently available; 

Power Consumption: Lower power consumption than existing systems allowing for off-grid installations; 

Integration: Capable of integrating with existing systems; and 

Central station monitoring/cloud based GUI. 

We believe that these key
advantages should allow us not only to enter existing markets, but more importantly, to open new market opportunities with new applications.
We intend to leverage new applications to target clients that have been unable to make use of distributed fiber optic technology to date. 

Revenue 

The Company s revenues
are generated primarily from the sales of our services, which consist primarily of advanced technology solutions for integrated communications
and security systems, as well as habitat management. The Company s sales of products are primarily generated from our TJM subsidiaries. 

6 

Our Market 

Current uses of fiber
optic distributed sensor technology have been limited to quasi-static, long-term structural health monitoring due to the time required
to obtain the data and its poor precision. Our BOTDA technology allows for the monitoring of highly dynamic environments due to its magnitude
of increased resolution and greater accuracy. The resulting high speed, real-time monitoring capabilities of our BOTDA technology should
satisfy a broad range of existing and emerging requirements. Use of our BOTDA technology by our customers should result in lower production
costs with increased sensing capabilities that can integrate with existing technology and be upgraded cost effectively. 

Due to the characteristics
of the fiber used in fiber optic sensing, the uses of our BOTDA technology are wide ranging. Optical fiber is hard-wearing, which allows
it to be used in environments where other technologies fail (for example, at temperatures ranging from -40 C to 300 C and 1000psi).
Additionally, our BOTDA sensors allow for live sensing due to the speed at which the analysis takes place. 

Our management team is
continually identifying markets in which our BOTDA technology may be readily applied. Once these markets (as described below) have been
addressed, our technology may be adapted and applied to new markets. 

Structural Monitoring 

Buildings and Skyscrapers; 

Bridges, Tunnels and Dams; and 

Roads and Railway tracks. 

Temperature Sensing 

Fire Alarm and Environment control; 

Low cost and maintenance; 

Long life span; and 

Ability to withstand harsh working environment. 

Security Defense 

National Border Protection; and 

Protection of Military and other sensitive installations. 

Consulting Services: 

Consulting (as stand-alone or presales); 

Post sales deployment and Support; and 

Managed services (monitoring, etc.). 

7 

Additional Potential Markets: 

Monitoring of composite structures in aircraft; 

Dynamic stress monitoring of runways; 

Dynamic ship hull stress monitoring, especially with a view to double-hull oil tankers; 

Smart grid and power conservation applications based on cooling and/or heat proximity for instance, computer rooms, cell towers for heat soak; 

Monitor low temperatures as part of control systems; 

Monitoring of temperatures in extreme refrigeration environments; 

Avalanche early warning systems; and 

Sea defense monitoring. 

Marketing 

We utilize our BOTDA
technology as the foundation of our ongoing marketing initiatives. Most notably, the greater magnitude of increased capabilities of our
BOTDA technology versus existing bright-pulsing technologies. Existing bright-pulse Brillouin-based sensors have historically been plagued
with temperature and strain cross-sensitivity, i.e. the inability to distinguish between temperature and strain change along the same
fiber. The loss of spatial resolution with an increase in fiber length is also a limiting factor for the use of distributed sensor systems.
Because of these shortcomings, existing bright-pulse Brillouin-based technologies are unable to succeed within today s dynamic environments,
which coincides with our BOTDA technology s increased capabilities over bright-pulse systems. Our marketing initiatives include
daily, broad-based social media engagement, management of our website, email campaigns, national television commercials, magazine ads,
and other ongoing initiatives designed to increase awareness of our products and services and drive conversion and adoption rates. 

Competition 

The overall optical sensing
market is projected to reach USD 3.47 billion by 2023 from USD 1.13 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 15.47 between 2017 and 2023. [1] 
We are active in the optical sensing market, including Oil Gas pipeline health monitoring, Infrastructure, National Border Security
applications, and the mining industry. We believe that fiber sensing applications which incorporate our BOTDA technology may provide significant
competitive advantages over structural health monitoring applications offered by the long-term leaders in the field, such as Schlumberger,
Hewlett-Packard, and Yokogawa, which collectively account for a significant portion of industry sales. These companies, as well as others,
have numerous differences in feature sets and functionality, but all share certain basic attributes: a bright-pulse technology as the
core of their systems architecture. An architecture designed using bright-pulsing technology has limited sensing capabilities and resolutions
of one meter allowing for mostly long-term quasi-static deployments. 

However, we utilize our
BOTDA technology allowing for multiple applications into those markets unavailable to companies using bright-pulse technology. While many
of the companies using bright-pulse technology have attempted to incorporate various sensing techniques into a legacy technology, none
have been able to offer the order of magnitude resolutions offered by our patented dark-pulse based BOTDA technology. This magnitude in
resolution coupled with our BOTDA technology s increased data collection speeds allows our technology to be installed into areas
of the market that our competitors cannot. Our future financial condition and operating results depend on our ability to provide a high-quality
solution as well as increased distribution of the solutions in each of the markets in which we compete or intend to compete within. 

__________ 

[1] 
https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/optical-sensing-market-197592599.html 

8 

The markets for our products
and services are highly competitive and we are confronted by aggressive competition. These markets are characterized by frequent product
introductions and rapid technological advances. Our financial condition and operating results can be adversely affected by these and other
industry-wide downward pressures on gross margins. Principal competitive factors important to us include price, product features, relative
price and performance, product quality and reliability, marketing and distribution capability, service and support and corporate reputation. 

Intellectual Property 

Our policy is to protect
our technology by, among other things, patents, trade secret protection and copyrights. We have taken security measures to protect our
trade secrets and proprietary know-how, to the greatest extent possible. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not prove
to be adequate and our competitors may independently develop technology or products that are similar to ours or that compete with ours.
Trade secret, patent and copyright laws afford only certain protections for our technology and products. The laws of many countries do
not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the United States. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary
rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Third parties may also design around
our proprietary rights, which may render our protected technology and products less valuable, if the design around is favorably received
in the marketplace. 

In addition, any of our products
or technology covered by patents or other intellectual property rights, could cause us to be subject to various legal actions. Litigation
may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement, invalidity, misappropriation, or other claims. 

Through DPTI s April
2017 Intellectual Property agreement with the University, DPTI was sold, transferred, and assigned U.S. Patent Nos. 7,245,790, 8,643,829,
and 9,534,965, each of which are related to our BOTDA dark-pulse technology. In addition, Canadian Patent No. 2,502,275 was also assigned. 

Suppliers 

We currently rely on a full-time,
dedicated, external team of experienced professionals for the coding and maintenance of our products. We believe we have mitigated
the associated risks of managing an external team of software and engineering development professionals by incorporating internal management
and oversight, as well as appropriate systems, protocols, controls, and procedures and ensuring that we have access to additional qualified
professionals to provide like or complementary services. 

Government Regulation 

Government regulation is
not of significant concern for our business nor is government regulation expected to become an impediment to the business in the near-
or mid-term as management is currently unaware of any planned or anticipated government regulation that would have a material impact on
our business. Our management believes it currently possesses all requisite authority to conduct our business as described in this Prospectus. 

Employees 

As of June 22, 2023, we had 182
full-time employees and no part-time employees. 

9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Readers should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below. 

Our failure to successfully address the risks and
uncertainties described below would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations,
and the trading price of our common stock may decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment. We cannot assure you that
we will successfully address these risks or other unknown risks that may affect our business. 

As an enterprise engaged in the commercialization
of new technology, our business is inherently risky. Our common shares are considered speculative during the development of our
business operations. Prospective investors should consider carefully the risk factors set out below. 

Summary Risk Factors 

The following summarizes
certain principal factors that make an investment in our Company speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described in the Risk
Factors section herein. This summary should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and should
not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing the Company. 

Business interruptions, including any interruptions
resulting from COVID-19, could significantly disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse impact on us if the situation continues. 

If we default on the Secured Debenture, the secured holder could take possession of our assets, including our patents and other intellectual property. 

Several of the convertible notes issued by us are
in litigation with uncertain outcomes. 

Our stockholders have limited voting power compared to the holder of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

We have a limited operating history in an evolving and highly volatile industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

We have experienced rapid growth recently through a series of acquisitions, and if we do not effectively manage our growth and the associated demands on operational, risk management, sales and marketing, technology, compliance, and finance and accounting resources, our business may be adversely impacted. 

Our growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to retain existing customers, attract new customers, expand product offerings, and increase revenue from both new and existing customers. 

We face intense and increasing competition and, if we do not compete effectively, our competitive positioning and our operating results will be harmed. 

Our operating results may fluctuate due to market forces out of our control that impact demand for our products and services. 

Cyberattacks and security breaches of our systems, or those impacting customers or third parties, could adversely impact our brand and reputation and our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Any significant disruption in our technology could adversely impact our brand and reputation and our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

10 

Certain large customers provide a significant share of our revenue and the termination of such agreements or reduction in business with such customers could harm our business. If we were to lose or were unable to renew these and other client contracts at favorable terms, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

There is no assurance that we will achieve profitability or that our revenue and business models will be successful. 

We will require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available or may require stockholder approval to obtain. 

You may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock. 

The future development and growth of our technology and product offerings are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate and may be in the hands of third parties to a substantial extent. If our product offerings do not grow as expected, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

Business interruptions, including any interruptions
resulting from COVID-19, could significantly disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse impact on us if the situation continues . 

The ongoing coronavirus outbreak which began in China
at the beginning of 2020 has impacted various businesses throughout the world, including travel restrictions and the extended shutdown
of certain businesses in impacted geographic regions. If the coronavirus outbreak situation should worsen, we may experience disruptions
to our business including, but not limited to equipment, to our workforce, or to our business relationships with other third parties. 

The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our operations
or those of our third-party partners will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence,
including the duration of the outbreak, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to
contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Any such disruptions or losses we incur could have a material adverse effect
on our financial results and our ability to conduct business as expected. 

We may be adversely
affected by natural disasters, pandemics, and other catastrophic events, and by man-made problems such as war or terrorism, that could
disrupt our business operations, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious
disaster. 

Natural disasters or other
catastrophic events may also cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy, and could have
an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our business operations are subject to interruption by
natural disasters, fire, power shortages, and other events beyond our control. 

In addition, our global operations expose us
to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, which could harm our business and cause its operating
results to suffer. For example, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and/or the precautionary measures that we have adopted have
resulted, and could continue to result, in difficulties or changes to our customer support, or create operational or other challenges,
any of which could adversely impact our business and operating results. 

Further, war, acts of terrorism,
labor activism and other geopolitical unrest could cause disruptions in our business or the businesses of its partners or the economy
as a whole. In the event of a natural disaster, including a major earthquake, blizzard, or hurricane, or a catastrophic event such as
a fire, power loss, or telecommunications failure, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational
harm, delays in development of our products and services, lengthy interruptions in service, breaches of data security, and loss of critical
data, all of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 

11 

Escalating global tensions, including the conflict
between Russia and Ukraine, could negatively impact us. 

The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine could
led to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our operations. The U.S. government
and other governments in jurisdictions in which we operate have imposed severe sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian
interests and threatened additional sanctions and controls. The impact of these measures, as well as potential responses to them by Russia,
is currently unknown and they could adversely affect our business, partners or customers. 

If we default on the Secured Debenture, the secured holder could
take possession of our assets, including our patents and other intellectual property. 

The Secured Debenture issued April 24, 2017, is
secured by our assets, which includes our patents and other intellectual property. In the event that we default on the obligations in
the Debenture, the secured holder could take possession of our assets, including our patents and other intellectual property. If this
were to occur, investors would likely lose all of their investment. 

Several of the convertible notes issued by us
are in litigation with uncertain outcomes. 

We have issued several convertible notes which are
currently the subject of litigation (See Legal Proceedings ). The outcomes of each of these matters is uncertain and
we may be required to both expend large sums of resources on both defending against and pursuing our causes of action in each of these
proceedings. In addition, there is no certainty that any outcome will be in favor of us and we may be required to pay settlements or judgments
the amounts of which may be material to us. In the event that we do not achieve favorable outcomes to each of the outstanding legal proceedings
with convertible note holders, it could have a material adverse effect on us and our operations may fail. 

Our future growth depends
significantly on our marketing efforts, and if our marketing efforts are not successful, our business and results of operations will be
harmed. 

We have dedicated some, and
intend to significantly increase, resources to marketing efforts. Our ability to attract and retain customers depends in large part on
the success of these marketing efforts and the success of the marketing channels we use to promote our products and services. Our marketing
channels include, but are not limited to, social media, traditional media such as the press, online affiliations, search engine optimization,
search engine marketing, and offline partnerships. 

While our goal remains to
increase the strength, recognition and trust in our brand by increasing our customer base and expanding our products and services, if
any of our current marketing channels becomes less effective, if we are unable to continue to use any of these channels, if the cost of
using these channels was to significantly increase or if we are not successful in generating new channels, we may not be able to attract
new customers in a cost-effective manner or increase the use of our products and services. If we are unable to recover our marketing costs
through increases in the size, value or other product selection and utilization, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. 

Our stockholders have
limited voting power compared to the holder of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

Our CEO, Dennis O Leary,
is the sole holder of our Series A Preferred Stock, will control a majority of the voting power of our Company. For so long as Mr. O Leary
holds all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, he is expected to hold a majority of our outstanding voting power and he will control
the outcome of matters submitted to a stockholder vote, including the appointment of all directors of the Company. 

12 

Our management controls all corporate activities
and can approve all transactions, including mergers, without the approval of other stockholders. 

Our CEO, Dennis O Leary, owns 100 shares of
our Series A Preferred Stock that gives him the right to a majority of the voting power of the Company. Therefore, our management effectively
controls all corporate activities and can approve transactions, including possible mergers, issuance of shares and compensation levels,
without the approval of other stockholders. The decisions of our management may not be consistent with or in the best interests of other
stockholders. 

This capital structure may have anti-takeover effects
preventing a change in control transaction that the minority owners of our Common Stock might consider in their best interest. 

The ability of our management to control our
business may limit or eliminate minority stockholders ability to influence corporate affairs. 

Our CEO, Dennis O Leary, owns 100 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock that gives him the right to a majority of the voting power of our Company. Because of this beneficial stock ownership,
Mr. O Leary is in a position to continue to elect our entire board of directors, decide all matters requiring stockholder approval,
including potential mergers or business changes, and determine our policies. The interests of our management may differ from the interests
of our minority stockholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection
of officers and directors and other business decisions. Our minority stockholders have no way of overriding decisions made by our management.
This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our management may institute or undertake
transactions, policies or programs that may result in losses, may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community
and/or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 

We have made and expect
to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 

Our growth depends upon market
growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. We intend to continue
to address the need to develop new products and enhance existing products through acquisitions of other companies, product lines, technologies,
and personnel. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the following: 

Difficulties in integrating the operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel of the acquired companies, particularly companies with large and widespread operations and/or complex products; 

Diversion of management s attention from normal daily operations of the business and the challenges of managing larger and more widespread operations resulting from acquisitions; 

Potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development intangibles; 

Difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions; 

Initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains; 

Insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; and 

The potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the companies we acquire following and continuing after announcement of acquisition plans. 

13 

Acquisitions may also cause
us to: 

Issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders percentage ownership; 

Use a substantial portion of our cash resources or incur debt; 

Significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition; 

Assume liabilities; 

Record goodwill and nonamortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges; 

Incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; 

Incur tax expenses related to the effect of acquisitions on our intercompany research and development cost sharing arrangement and legal structure; 

Incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses; and 

Become subject to intellectual property or other litigation. 

Mergers and acquisitions
are inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions
will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. Failure to manage
and successfully integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating results. Prior acquisitions could result in a
wide range of outcomes, from successful introduction of new products and technologies to a failure to do so. Even when an acquired company
has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that
pre-acquisition due diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products. 

From time to time, we have
made acquisitions that resulted in charges in an individual quarter. These charges may occur in any particular quarter, resulting in variability
in our quarterly earnings. In addition, our effective tax rate for future periods is uncertain and could be impacted by mergers and acquisitions.
Risks related to new product development also apply to acquisitions. 

Acquisitions, joint
ventures or other strategic transactions create certain risks and may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Acquisitions, partnerships
and joint ventures are part of our growth strategy. We evaluate and expect in the future to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions
of, and partnerships or joint ventures with, complementary businesses, services or technologies. We may not be successful in identifying
acquisition, partnership and joint venture targets. In addition, we may not be able to successfully finance or integrate any businesses,
services or technologies that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. 

We may not be able to identify
suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth; or businesses
that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult or expensive to integrate and manage than expected, which
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt
our business and divert our resources. 

14 

In addition, acquisitions outside our current operating jurisdictions
often involve additional or increased risks including, for example: 

managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

complying with foreign regulatory requirements; 

fluctuations in exchange rates; 

enforcement and protection of intellectual property in some foreign countries; 

difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and 

general economic and political conditions. 

These risks may arise for
a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms;
we may face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity or debt securities
to the public to finance acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting, tax, securities or
other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities
in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; we may
not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we have
minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges. 

We cannot ensure that any
acquisition, partnership or joint venture we make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Because of the unique difficulties and uncertainties
inherent in technology development, we face a risk of business failure. 

Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties
normally encountered by companies developing new technology and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The likelihood of success
must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the development
of new technology with limited personnel and financial means. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated
technical problems that extend the time and cost of product development, or unanticipated problems with the operation of our technology
or that with which we are licensing that also extend the time and cost of product development. 

Successful technical development of our products
does not guarantee successful commercialization. 

We may successfully complete the technical development
for one or all of our product development programs, but still fail to develop a commercially successful product for a number of reasons,
including among others the following: 

Competing products; 

Ineffective distribution and marketing; 

Lack of sufficient cooperation from our partners; and 

Demonstrations of the products not aligning with or meeting customer needs. 

15 

Our success in the market for the products we develop
will depend largely on our ability to prove our products capabilities. Upon demonstration, our products and/or technology may not
have the capabilities they were designed to have or that we believed they would have. Furthermore, even if we do successfully demonstrate
our products capabilities, potential customers may be more comfortable doing business with a larger, more established, more proven
company than us. Moreover, competing products may prevent us from gaining wide market acceptance of our products. Significant revenue
from new product investments may not be achieved for a number of years, if at all. 

If we do not effectively
manage our growth and the associated demands on our operational, risk management, sales and marketing, technology, compliance and finance
and accounting resources, our business may be adversely impacted. 

We have experienced recent
significant growth through our acquisition of Optilan, and other subsidiaries. In our recent acquisitions, including our acquisition of
Optilan, our business has become increasingly complex by expanding the services we offer. To effectively manage and capitalize on our
growth, we must continue to expand our information technology and financial, operating, and administrative systems and controls, and continue
to manage headcount, capital, and processes efficiently. Our continued growth could strain our existing resources, and we could experience
ongoing operating difficulties in managing our business as we expand across numerous jurisdictions, including difficulties in hiring,
training, and managing an employee base. Failure to scale and preserve our company culture with growth could harm our future success,
including our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. If we do not adapt
to meet these evolving challenges, or if our management team does not effectively scale with our growth, we may experience erosion to
our brand, the quality of our products and services may suffer, and our company culture may be harmed. Moreover, the failure of our systems
and processes could undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely, and reliable reports on our financial and operating results, including
the financial statements provided herein, and could impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. In addition,
our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud, though we have experienced no such material errors,
omissions or fraud in the past. For example, our employees may fail to identify transaction errors or fraudulent information provided
by our customers. Any of the foregoing operational failures could lead to noncompliance with laws, loss of operating licenses or other
authorizations, or loss of relationships that could substantially impair or even suspend company operations. 

We intend to continue to
develop our technology. Successful implementation of this strategy may require significant expenditure before any substantial associated
revenue is generated and we cannot guarantee that these increased investments will result in corresponding and offsetting revenue growth.
Our growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to retain existing customers, attract new customers, expand product offerings,
and increase processed volumes and revenue from both new and existing customers. 

A customer s use of
our services may decrease for a variety of reasons, including the customer s level of satisfaction with our products and services,
the expansion of business to offer new products and services, the effectiveness of our support services, the pricing of our products and
services, the pricing, range and quality of competing products or services, the effects of global economic conditions, regulatory limitations,
trust, or perception and interest in our products and services. Furthermore, the complexity and costs associated with switching to a competitor
may not be significant enough to prevent a customer from switching service providers, especially for larger customers. 

Any failure by us to retain
existing customers, attract new customers, and increase revenue from both new and existing customers could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These efforts may require substantial financial expenditures,
commitments of resources, developments of our processes, and other investments and innovations. 

16 

We face intense and
increasing competition and, if we do not compete effectively, our competitive positioning and our operating results will be harmed. 

We operate in a rapidly changing
and highly competitive industry, and our results of operations and future prospects depend on, among other things: 

the growth of our customer base; 

our ability to acquire customers at a lower cost, and 

our ability to increase our overall value to each of our customers while they use our products and services. 

Despite the barriers to enter
the markets we serve, we expect our competition to continue to increase. In addition to established enterprises, we may also face competition
from early-stage companies attempting to capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities as we are. Some of our current and potential
competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and a larger customer
base than we do. This allows them, among others, to potentially offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range
of products, or a more specialized set of specific products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging
technologies and changes in customer preferences. 

Our existing or future competitors
may develop products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products
and services. This could attract new customers away from our services and reduce our market share in the future. Additionally, when new
competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share, these competitors sometimes
undercut, or otherwise exert pressure on, the pricing terms prevalent in that market, which could adversely affect our market share and/or
ability to capitalize on new market opportunities. 

Cyberattacks and security
breaches of our systems, or those impacting our customers or third parties, could adversely impact our brand and reputation and our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

Our business involves the
collection, storage, processing and transmission of confidential information, customer, employee, service provider and other personal
data, as well as information required to access customer assets. Any actual or perceived security breach of our or our third-party partners
may: 

harm our reputation and brand; 

result in our systems or services being unavailable and interrupt our operations; 

result in improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable privacy and other laws; 

result in significant regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory and financial exposure; 

cause us to incur significant remediation costs; 

lead to theft or irretrievable loss of our or our customers assets; 

reduce customer confidence in, or decreased use of, our products and services; 

divert the attention of management from the operation of our business; 

result in significant compensation or contractual penalties from us to our customers or third parties as a result of losses to them or claims by them; and 

adversely affect our business and operating results. 

17 

Further, any actual or perceived
breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other similar institutions, whether or not we are directly impacted, could lead to a general
loss of customer confidence in the use of our technology, which could negatively impact us including the market perception of the effectiveness
of our security measures and technology infrastructure. 

An increasing number
of organizations, including large businesses, technology companies and financial institutions, as well as government institutions, have
disclosed breaches of their information security systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks, including
on their websites, mobile applications, and infrastructure. Attacks upon systems across a variety of industries are increasing in their
frequency, persistence, and sophistication, and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded, and organized groups
and individuals, including state actors. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper, or illegal access to systems and information
(including customers personal data and digital assets), disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving,
may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. These
attacks may occur on our systems or those of its third-party service providers or partners. Certain types of cyberattacks could harm us
even if our systems are left undisturbed. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees and service providers into releasing
control of our systems to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into our systems with a view to stealing
confidential or proprietary data. Additionally, certain threats are designed to remain dormant or undetectable until launched against
a target and we may not be able to implement adequate preventative measures. 

Although we do not have a
past history of material security breaches or cyberattacks, and do not believe we are a target of such breaches or attacks, we have developed
systems and processes designed to protect the data we manage, prevent data loss and other security breaches, and effectively respond to
known and potential risks. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to bolster these protections, but there can be no assurance
that these security measures will provide absolute security or prevent breaches or attacks. Threats can come from a variety of sources,
including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and insiders. Certain threat actors may be
supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more sophisticated and difficult to detect. As a result,
our costs and the resources it devotes to protecting against these advanced threats and their consequences may increase over time. 

Although we maintain insurance
coverage that we believe is adequate for our business, it may be insufficient to protect us against all losses and costs stemming from
security breaches, cyberattacks, and other types of unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such events. Outages and disruptions
of our systems, including any caused by cyberattacks, may harm our reputation and our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We may incur significant
liability as a result of ongoing disputes. 

We are a party to multiple
legal disputes the resolutions of which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We may be subject to various
other legal proceedings, arbitrations, and regulatory investigation matters as further described in Legal Proceedings .
If any of these matters are resolved unfavorably to us, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We have a limited operating
history in an evolving and highly volatile industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk
that we will not be successful. 

Because we have a limited
history operating our business at our current scale and scope, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects,
including our ability to plan for and model future growth. For example, recently launched services require substantial resources and there
is no guarantee that such expenditures will result in profit or growth of our business. The rapidly evolving nature of the market in which
we operate, substantial uncertainty concerning how these markets may develop, and other economic factors beyond our control, reduces our
ability to accurately forecast quarterly or annual revenue. Failure to manage our current and future growth effectively could have an
adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

18 

Adverse economic conditions
may adversely affect our business. 

Our performance is subject
to general economic conditions, and their impact on the industries in which we operate, as well as our customers. The United States and
other key European and other international economies have experienced cyclical downturns from time to time in which economic activity
declined resulting in lower consumption rates, restricted credit, reduced profitability, weaknesses in financial markets, bankruptcies,
and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The impact of general economic conditions on our business is highly uncertain and
dependent on a variety of factors, including market activity, global economic trends, and other events beyond our control. Geopolitical
developments, such as trade wars and foreign exchange limitations can also increase the severity and levels of unpredictability globally
and increase the volatility of global financial markets. To the extent that conditions in the general economic markets materially deteriorate,
our ability to attract and retain customers may suffer. 

The nature of our business involves significant
risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity. 

We develop and sell products where insurance or indemnification
may not be available, including: 

Designing and developing products using advanced technologies in intelligence and homeland security applications that are intended to operate in high demand, high risk situations; and 

Designing and developing products to collect, distribute and analyze various types of information. 

Certain products may raise questions with respect
to issues of privacy rights, civil liberties, intellectual property, trespass, conversion and similar concepts, which may raise new legal
issues. Indemnification to cover potential claims or liabilities resulting from a failure of technologies developed or deployed may be
available in certain circumstances but not in others. We are not able to maintain insurance to protect against all operational risks and
uncertainties. Substantial claims resulting from an accident, failure of our product, or liability arising from our products in excess
of any indemnity or insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance is not available or was not obtained) could harm our financial
condition, cash flows, and operating results. Any accident, even if fully covered or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among
our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. 

Material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting may, until remedied, cause errors in our financial statements or cause our filings with the SEC to not be timely. 

We believe that material weaknesses exist in
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, including those related to (i) our internal audit functions
and (ii) a lack of segregation of duties within accounting functions. If our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls
and procedures are not effective, there may be errors in our financial statements that could require a restatement or our filings may
not be timely made with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We intend to implement additional corporate
governance and control measures to strengthen our control environment as we are able, but we may not achieve our desired objectives. Moreover,
no control environment, no matter how well designed and operated, can prevent or detect all errors or fraud. We may identify material
weaknesses and control deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future that may require remediation and could
lead investors losing confidence in our reported financial information, which could lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Being a public company is expensive and administratively burdensome. 

As a public reporting company, we are subject to the
information and reporting requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, rules and regulations
related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Complying with these laws and regulations requires the time and attention
of our Board of Directors and management team, and increases our expenses. We estimate we will incur approximately 200,000 to 300,000
annually in connection with being a public company. 

19 

Among other things, we are required to: 

Maintain and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

Prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws; 

Institute a more comprehensive compliance function, including with respect to corporate governance; and 

Involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities. 

The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders are expensive and much greater
than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations may require us to hire additional financial reporting,
internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting expenses and the
attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations in a timely manner,
if at all. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. In the
future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain this coverage. 

If we fail to establish and maintain an effective
system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report
and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective internal control is necessary for us to
provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not be
able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation with
investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operation and access to capital. We have not performed an in-depth analysis to determine if historical un-discovered
failures of internal controls exist, and may in the future discover areas of our internal control that need improvement. 

Public company compliance may make it more difficult
to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently
implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company, we expect these
new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2023 and beyond and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly.
As a public company, we also expect that these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director
and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons
to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. 

Delaware law and our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws will contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions that limit the ability of
stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
and bylaws contains provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable
by our board and therefore depress the trading price of our Common Stock. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we will generally be
subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain
actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our board or taking other corporate actions, including
effecting changes in management. 

20 

Such provisions, alone
or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our board or management. 

Any provision of our Certificate
of Incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity
for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to
pay for our Common Stock. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION 

If we do not obtain additional financing or
sufficient revenues, our business will fail. 

Our current operating funds are less than necessary
to fulfill our operating costs and we will need to obtain additional financing in order to continue our business operations. Although
we are generating revenues, we are not generating net income. 

We will require additional financing to execute our
business plan through raising additional capital and/or generating greater revenues. 

Obtaining additional financing is subject to a
number of factors, including acceptance of our BOTDA technology and current financial condition as well as general market conditions. 

These factors affect the timing, amount, terms or
conditions of additional financing unavailable to us. If additional financing is not arranged, we will face the risk of going out of business.
Our management is currently engaged in actively pursuing multiple financing options in order to obtain the capital necessary to execute
our business plan. 

The most likely source of future funds presently available
to us is through the additional sales of equity or through convertible debt instruments. Any sales of share capital or conversion of convertible
debt will most likely result in dilution to existing shareholders. 

There is no history upon which to base any assumption
as to the likelihood we will prove successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate any operating revenues
or achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail. 

We might require additional
capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available or may require stockholder approval to obtain. 

We have funded our operations
since inception primarily through equity financings, convertible notes, and revenue generated by our products and services. We intend
to continue to make investments in our business to respond to business challenges, including developing new products and services, enhancing
our operating infrastructure, expanding our international operations, and acquiring complementary businesses and technologies, all of
which may require us to secure additional funds. 

Additional financing may
not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders may have rights senior to holders
of our common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations. 

Our only existing commitment for financing is
pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement with GHS Investments LLC but our ability to make puts is subject to certain conditions which
may limit our ability to make puts or the amount of each put. In the event we are unable to make puts or obtain other commitments for
financing, our business will fail. 

On June 5, 2023, we entered
an Amended Equity Financing Agreement (the EFA with GHS Investments LLC GHS ), pursuant to
which GHS agreed to purchase up to 30,000,000 in shares of our Common Stock, from time to time over the course of 12 months (the Contract
Period ). 

21 

The EFA grants us the right,
from time to time at our sole discretion (subject to certain conditions) during the Contract Period, to direct GHS to purchase shares
of Common Stock on any business day (a Put ), provided that at least ten Trading Days (as defined in the EFA) have
passed since the most recent Put. No Put will be made in an amount less than 10,000 or greater than 1,000,000. In no event is the Company
entitled to make a Put or is GHS entitled to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock of the Company, which when added to the sum
of the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned (as such term is defined under Section 13(d) and Rule 13d-3 of the Securities
Exchange Act 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), by GHS, would exceed 4.99 of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding on such date, as determined in accordance with Rule 13d-1(j) of the Exchange Act. 

Due to these limitations,
we may be unable to make Puts sufficient to finance our business operations. In the event we are unable to make Puts or obtain other commitments
for financing, our business will fail. 

We need to continue as a going concern if our business is to succeed. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm reports on our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, indicate that there
are a number of factors that raise substantial risks about our ability to continue as a going concern. Such factors identified in the
report are our accumulated deficit since inception, our failure to attain profitable operations, the excess of liabilities over assets,
and our dependence upon obtaining adequate additional financing to pay our liabilities. If we are not able to continue as a going concern,
investors could lose their investments. 

There is no assurance
that we will achieve or maintain profitability or that our revenue and business models will be successful. 

Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
is based on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to maintain profitability
in the short or long-term. Our revenue growth may slow, or our revenue may decline for a number of other reasons, including reduced demand
for our offerings, increased competition, a decrease in the growth or size of the industries in which we operate, in the usage our technologies
generally, or any failure to capitalize on growth opportunities. 

We are continually refining our revenue and business
model and have shifted our focus to the development and commercialization of our products and services. There is no assurance that these
efforts will be successful or that we will generate revenues commensurate with our efforts and expectations or become or stay profitable.
We may be forced to make significant changes to our revenue and business model to compete with our competitors offerings, and even
if such changes are undertaken, there is no guarantee that they will be successful or profitable. Additionally, we will need to hire,
train, and integrate qualified personnel to meet and further such changes to our business objectives at potentially significant additional
expense. Failure to successfully implement revenue and business models or manage related expenses could cause us to be unprofitable and
have an adverse effect on pour business, operating results and financial condition. 

We may be affected
by fluctuations in currency exchange rates 

We are potentially exposed
to adverse as well as beneficial movements in currency exchange rates. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real
cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the U.S. where we sell in dollars, and a weakened dollar could increase
the cost of local operating expenses from sources outside the United States, and overseas capital expenditures. We also conduct certain
investing and financing activities in local currencies. Therefore, changes in exchange rates could harm our financial condition and results
of operations. 

22 

We may experience fluctuations
in our quarterly operating results. 

We could experience significant
fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. You should not rely
on period-to-period comparisons of our operating results as an indication of our future performance. Factors that may cause fluctuations
in our quarterly operating results include, but are not limited to, the following: 

a change in the volume of our customers use of our products and services and generally; 

planned and unplanned increases in marketing, sales and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and expand our customer base and operations, and to remain competitive; 

the success, or lack of success, in new marketing approaches we have recently undertaken or plan to undertake, which have not been previously or fully tested; 

the continued market acceptance of our products and services in a highly competitive environment; 

system disruptions, outages and other performance problems or interruptions on our products and technology, or breaches of data or system security, including ransomware or other major cyber-attacks, which, if extended or severe, may harm our credibility and reputation in the market; 

our failure to provide adequate customer service; 

our ability to successfully, and in a timely manner, continue development, improvement and feature-enhancement of our products and services, including our intellectual property, data analytics, proprietary technology and customer support functions; 

the timing and success of new product and service introductions, and new product and service features or enhancements, by us and our subsidiaries, or our competitors, or other changes in the competitive landscape of the markets in which we operate; 

the success of our expansion into new markets, products and services, or ones in which we are in the early stages; 

changes in the adoption and use of our technologies and the public perception of them; 

changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, scope or focus of regulatory investigations and inquiries, or interpretations of regulatory requirements, or outright prohibition of certain activities; 

disputes with our customers, adverse litigation and regulatory judgments, enforcement actions, settlements or other related costs and the reputational impact and public perception of such occurrences, including in emerging industries, or emerging components of industries; 

the timing and amount of non-cash expenses, such as stock-based compensation and asset impairment; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and 

general economic conditions in either domestic or international markets, including the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our operating results may
fall below the expectations of market analysts and investors in some future periods, which could cause the market price of our Common
Stock to decline substantially. 

23 

Changes in U.S. and
foreign tax laws, as well as the application of such laws, could adversely impact our financial position and operating results. 

We are subject to complex
income and non-income tax laws and regulations in the United States and a variety of foreign jurisdictions. Both the United States and
foreign jurisdictions may revise corporate income tax and other non-income tax laws which could impact the amount of tax due in such jurisdiction. 

Our determination of our
corporate income tax liability is subject to review and may be challenged by applicable U.S. and foreign tax authorities. Any adverse
outcome of such challenge could harm our operating results and financial condition. The determination of our worldwide provision for income
taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and
calculations where the ultimate tax determination is complex and uncertain. Moreover, as a multinational business, we have subsidiaries
that engage in many intercompany transactions in a variety of tax jurisdictions where the ultimate tax determination is complex and uncertain.
Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current
prevailing tax laws. Furthermore, as we operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can be subject to diverging
and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not uncommon for taxing authorities in different
countries to have conflicting views with respect to, among other things, the characterization and source of income or other tax items,
the manner in which the arm s-length standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes, or with respect to the valuation of intellectual
property. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our tax treatment of certain items or the methodologies
we use for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, which could impact our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our
financial position and operating results. 

We are also subject to non-income
taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes in the United States and various foreign
jurisdictions. A change in the tax law could impact tax positions which could result in an increased exposure related to such tax liabilities.
Such changes could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (as defined under
Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change
NOLs and certain other tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes. 

We have not performed a study
to determine whether its NOLs are currently subject to Section 382 limitations. DarkPulse may also experience a future ownership change
under Section 382 of the Code that could affect our ability to utilize its NOLs to offset our income. 

If our estimates or
judgment relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations . The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant
estimates and judgments involve the identification of performance obligations in revenue recognition, evaluation of tax positions, inter-company
transactions, and the valuation of stock-based awards and the fiat reserves we hold, among others. Our operating results may be adversely
affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results
to fall below the expectations of analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Business metrics and
other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and our business, operating results, and financial condition could
be adversely affected by real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics. 

We regularly review business
metrics and other measures to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance, and makes strategic decisions. These metrics are calculated
using internal company data and have not been validated by an independent third party. While these numbers are based on what we currently
believe to be reasonable estimates for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in such measurements. If we
fail to maintain an effective analytics platform, our calculations may be inaccurate, and we may not be able to identify those inaccuracies. 

24 

We are subject to changes
in financial reporting standards or policies, including as a result of choices made by us, which could materially adversely affect our
reported results of operations and financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse impact on capital ratios. 

Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which are periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required
to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized bodies. It is possible that future accounting standards and financial
reporting standards or policies, including as a result of choices made by us, which we are required to adopt, could change the current
accounting treatment that applies to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect
on our reported results of operations and financial condition, and may have a corresponding material adverse effect on capital ratios. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR EMPLOYEES
AND OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS 

We are heavily reliant on Dennis O Leary,
our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and the departure or loss of Dennis O Leary could disrupt our business. 

We depend heavily on the continued efforts of
Dennis O Leary, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and director. Mr. O Leary is essential to our strategic vision and day-to-day
operations and would be difficult to replace. Although we have an employment agreement with Mr. O Leary, we cannot be certain that
he will desire to continue with us for the necessary time it will to complete the product development and initial sales channel development.
The departure or loss of Mr. O Leary, or the inability to hire and retain a qualified replacement, could negatively impact our ability
to manage our business. 

If we are unable to recruit and retain key management,
technical and sales personnel, our business would be negatively affected. 

For our business to be successful, we need to attract
and retain highly qualified technical, management and sales personnel. The failure to recruit additional key personnel when needed with
specific qualifications and on acceptable terms or to retain good relationships with our partners might impede our ability to continue
to develop, commercialize and sell our products. To the extent the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher
labor, recruiting and training costs in order to attract and retain such employees. We face competition for qualified personnel from other
companies with significantly more resources available to them and thus may not be able to attract the level of personnel needed for our
business to succeed. 

In the event of employee
or service provider misconduct or error, our business may be adversely impacted. 

Employee or service provider
misconduct or error could subject us to legal liability, financial losses, and regulatory sanctions, and could seriously harm our reputation
and negatively affect our business. Such misconduct could include engaging in improper or unauthorized transactions or activities, misappropriation
of customer funds, and misappropriation of information, failing to supervise other employees or service providers, or improperly using
confidential information. 

Employee or service provider
errors could expose us to the risk of material losses even if the errors are detected. Although we have implemented processes and procedures
and provide trainings to our employees and service providers to reduce the likelihood of misconduct and error, these efforts may not be
successful. Moreover, the risk of employee or service provider error or misconduct may be even greater for novel products and services. 

This can lead to high risk
of confusion among employees and service providers, particularly in a fast growth company like ours, with respect to compliance obligations
particularly including confidentiality, data access, and conflicts. It is not always possible to deter misconduct and the precautions
we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. If we were found not to have met our regulatory oversight
and compliance and other obligations, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions, financial penalties and restrictions on our activities
for failure to properly identify, monitor and respond to potentially problematic activity, which could seriously damage our reputation.
Our employees, contractors, and agents could also commit errors that subject us to financial claims for negligence, as well as regulatory
actions, or result in financial liability. Further, allegations by regulatory or criminal authorities of improper transactions could affect
our brand and reputation. 

25 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

You may experience dilution of your ownership
interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock or other securities that are convertible
into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock. 

We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 20,000,000,000
shares of common stock and 2,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. In the future, we may issue our authorized but
previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders. We may issue
additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock in connection
with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business
purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of the
common stock. We will need to raise additional capital in the near future to meet our working capital needs, and there can be no assurance
that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with these
capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise or conversion prices) below the price an investor paid for stock. 

Because the SEC imposes additional sales practice
requirements on brokers who deal in our shares that are penny stocks, some brokers may be unwilling to trade them. This means that investors
may have difficulty reselling their shares and may cause the price of the shares to decline. 

Our shares qualify as penny stocks and are covered
by Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell our securities in
this offering or in the aftermarket. In particular, prior to selling a penny stock, broker/dealers must give the prospective customer
a risk disclosure document that: contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public
offerings and secondary trading; contains a description of the broker/dealers duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies
available to the customer with respect to violations of such duties or other requirements of Federal securities laws; contains a brief,
clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance
of the spread between the bid and ask prices; contains the toll free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions established
pursuant to section 15(A)(i); defines significant terms used in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks;
and contains such other information, and is in such form (including language, type size, and format), as the SEC requires by rule or regulation.
Further, for sales of our securities, the broker/dealer must make a special suitability determination and receive from you a written agreement
before making a sale to you. Because of the imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices, it is possible that brokers will not
want to make a market in our shares. This could prevent reselling of shares and may cause the price of the shares to decline. 

We do not expect to declare or pay any dividends. 

We have not declared or paid any dividends on our
common stock since our inception, and we do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. 

Volatility of Stock Price. 

Our common shares are currently publicly traded on
the OTC Markets under the symbol DPLS. In the future, the trading price of our common shares may be subject to wide fluctuations.
Trading prices of the common shares may fluctuate in response to a number of factors, many of which will be beyond our control. In addition,
the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations
that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of such companies. Market and industry factors may adversely
affect the market price of the common shares, regardless of our operating performance. Readers should carefully consider the risks and
uncertainties described below before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. 

26 

Our failure to successfully address the risks and
uncertainties described below would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations,
and the trading price of our common stock may decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment. We cannot assure you that
we will successfully address these risks or other unknown risks that may affect our business. 

As an enterprise engaged in the development of new
technology, our business is inherently risky. Our common shares are considered speculative during the development of our new business
operations. Prospective investors should consider carefully the risk factors set out herein. The market price of our common stock
has fluctuated significantly. 

You could lose all of your investment. 

An investment in our securities is speculative and
involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should be aware that the value of an investment in the Company may go down as well
as up. In addition, there can be no certainty that the market value of an investment in the Company will fully reflect its underlying
value. You could lose your entire investment. 

The ability of our Board of Directors to issue
additional stock may prevent or make more difficult certain transactions, including a sale or merger of the Company. 

Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to
2,000,000 shares of preferred stock with powers, rights and preferences designated by it. Shares of voting or convertible preferred stock
could be issued, or rights to purchase such shares could be issued, to create voting impediments or to frustrate persons seeking to effect
a takeover or otherwise gain control of the Company. The ability of the Board of Directors to issue such additional shares of preferred
stock, with rights and preferences it deems advisable, could discourage an attempt by a party to acquire control of the Company by tender
offer or other means. Such issuances could therefore deprive stockholders of benefits that could result from such an attempt, such
as the realization of a premium over the market price for their shares in a tender offer or the temporary increase in market price that
such an attempt could cause. Moreover, the issuance of such additional shares of preferred stock to persons friendly to the Board
of Directors could make it more difficult to remove incumbent officers and directors from office even if such change were to be favorable
to stockholders generally. 

Our stock may be traded infrequently and in
low volumes, so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you need to sell your shares. 

Until our common stock is listed on a national securities
exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq, we expect our common stock to remain eligible for quotation on the OTC Markets,
or on another over-the-counter quotation system. In those venues, however, the shares of our common stock may trade infrequently and in
low volumes, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near bid prices at any given time may
be relatively small or non-existent. An investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common
stock or to sell his or her shares at or near bid prices or at all. In addition, if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations,
various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and
accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which may
further affect the liquidity of our common stock. This would also make it more difficult for us to raise capital. 

27 

There currently is no active public market for
our common stock and there can be no assurance that an active public market will ever develop. Failure to develop or maintain a trading
market could negatively affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares. 

There is currently no active public market for shares
of our common stock and one may never develop. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets. The OTC Markets is a thinly traded market
and lacks the liquidity of certain other public markets with which some investors may have more experience. We may not ever be able to
satisfy the listing requirements for our common stock to be listed on a national securities exchange, which is often a more widely-traded
and liquid market. Some, but not all, of the factors which may delay or prevent the listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded
and liquid market include the following: our stockholders equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities
may be too low; our net income from operations may be too low; our common stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able
to secure market makers for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by the several exchanges and
markets to have our common stock listed. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of the national exchanges, or our common
stock is otherwise rejected for listing, and remains listed on the OTC Markets or is suspended from the OTC Markets, the trading price
of our common stock could suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject
to increased volatility, making it difficult or impossible to sell shares of our common stock. 

Our common stock is subject to the penny
stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and
may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the
definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than
 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving
a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny
stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and
quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In order to approve a person s account for transactions
in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person and (b)
make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any
transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form:
(a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer
received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute
transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of
our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our common stock. 

Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of
investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker or dealer
and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases
of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny
stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

28 

Our stock price may be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock is likely to
be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including
the following: 

The impact of conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine on our operations; 

Geo-political events, such as the crisis in Ukraine, government responses to such events and the related impact on the economy both nationally and internationally; 

Changes in our industry; 

Competitive pricing pressures; 

Our ability to obtain working capital financing; 

Additions or departures of key personnel; 

Sales of our common stock; 

Our ability to execute our business plan; 

Operating results that fall below expectations; 

Loss of any strategic relationship; 

Regulatory developments; and 

Economic and other external factors. 

In addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market
fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our
common stock in the public market, including upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule 144, or issued upon the conversion
of preferred stock or exercise of warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation
of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring,
also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the
future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

29 

RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT
REGULATION 

Legislative and regulatory
actions taken now or in the future may increase our costs and impact our business, governance structure, financial condition or results
of operations. 

Federal, state and international
regulatory agencies frequently adopt changes to their regulations or change the way existing regulations are applied. Regulatory or legislative
changes to laws applicable to the industries in which we operate, if enacted or adopted, may impact the profitability of our business
activities, require more oversight or change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products and services
and to continue offering our current products and services, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs.
These changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations
to comply and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The regulatory environment
to which we are subject gives rise to various licensing requirements, legal and financial compliance costs and management time, and non-compliance
could result in monetary and reputational damages, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position
and results of operations. 

There can be no assurance
that we will be able to maintain our existing, or obtain additional, required regulatory licenses, certifications and regulatory approvals
in the countries where we provide services or want to expand to. Furthermore, where we have obtained such regulatory licenses, certifications
and regulatory approvals, there are costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such regulatory licenses, certifications,
and approvals, and we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action if we are found to violate disclosure, reporting, anti-money
laundering, capitalization, corporate governance or other requirements of such licenses. These factors could impose substantial additional
costs and involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our products or services, or could require significant and costly
operational changes or prevent us from providing any products or services in a given market. 

If we are unable to commit
sufficient resources to regulatory compliance, this could lead to delays and errors and may force us to choose between prioritizing compliance
matters over administrative support for business activities, or may ultimately force us to cease offering certain products or services
globally or in certain jurisdictions. Any delays or errors in implementing regulatory compliance could lead to substantial monetary damages
and fines, public reprimands, a material adverse effect on our reputation, regulatory measures in the form of cease and desists orders,
increased regulatory compliance requirements or other potential regulatory restrictions on our business, enforced suspension of operations
and in extreme cases, withdrawal of regulatory licenses or authorizations to operate particular businesses, or criminal prosecution in
certain circumstances. 

We are and may continue
to be subject to litigation, including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as regulatory audits, disputes, inquiries, investigations
and enforcement actions by regulators and governmental authorities. 

We have been and may from
time to time become subject to material claims, arbitrations, individual and class action lawsuits, government and regulatory investigations,
inquiries, actions or requests and other proceedings alleging violations of laws, rules, and regulations, both foreign and domestic, involving
competition and antitrust law, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, information security, anti-money laundering, counter terrorist
financing, sanctions, anti-corruption, accessibility claims, securities, tax, labor and employment, payment network rules, commercial
disputes, services, and other matters. 

The laws, rules and regulations
affecting our business are subject to ongoing interpretation by the courts and governmental and supervisory authorities, and the resulting
uncertainty in the scope and application of these laws, rules and regulations increases the risk that we will be subject to private claims,
governmental and regulatory actions alleging violations of those laws, rules, and regulations. 

30 

The scope, determination, and impact of claims, lawsuits,
government and regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, disputes, and proceedings to which we are subject cannot be predicted with
certainty, and may result in: 

substantial payments to satisfy judgments, fines, or penalties; 

substantial outside counsel legal fees and costs; 

additional compliance and licensure requirements; 

loss or non-renewal of existing licenses or authorizations, or prohibition from or delays in obtaining additional licenses or authorizations, required for our business; 

loss of productivity and high demands on employee time; 

civil or criminal sanctions or consent decrees; 

termination of certain employees, including members of our management team; 

barring of certain employees from participating in our business in whole or in part; 

orders that restrict our business or prevent us from offering certain products or services; 

changes to our business model and practices; 

delays to planned transactions, product launches or improvements; and 

damage to our brand and reputation. 

Any such matters can have
an adverse impact, which may be material, on our business, operating results, or financial condition because of legal costs, diversion
of management resources, reputational damage, and other factors. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY 

Our intellectual property
rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our business depends in large
part on our proprietary technology and our brand. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a combination of trademark, trade dress,
domain name, copyright, and trade secret and laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, contractors,
consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, to establish and protect our brand and other intellectual property rights. 

Our efforts to protect our
intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective. Our proprietary technology and trade secrets could be lost through misappropriation
or breach of our confidentiality and license agreements, and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, which could result
in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. There can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights
will be sufficient to protect against others offering products, services, or technologies that are substantially similar to ours and that
compete with our business. 

31 

As we grow, we will seek
to obtain and protect our intellectual property rights in an increasing number of countries, a process that can be expensive and may not
always be successful. For example, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign governmental intellectual property agencies
require compliance with a number of procedural requirements to complete the trademark application process and to maintain issued trademarks,
and noncompliance or non-payment could result in abandonment or lapse of a trademark or trademark application, resulting in partial or
complete loss of trademark rights in a relevant jurisdiction. Further, intellectual property protection may not be available to us in
every country in which our products and services are available. We may also agree to license our intellectual property to third parties
as part of various agreements. Those licenses may diminish our ability, though, to counter-assert our intellectual property rights against
certain parties that may bring claims against us. 

In the future we may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement
of their proprietary rights. 

In recent years, there has
been considerable patent, copyright, trademark, domain name, trade secret and other intellectual property development activity, as well
as litigation, based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property, including by large financial institutions.
Furthermore, individuals and groups can purchase patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement
to extract settlements from companies like ours. We use of third-party intellectual property rights also may be subject to claims of infringement
or misappropriation. 

We cannot guarantee that
our internally developed or acquired/licensed technologies and content do not or will not infringe the intellectual property rights of
others. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon or misappropriating their intellectual
property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses
and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering
our products or services or using certain technologies, force us to implement expensive work-arounds, or impose other unfavorable terms.
Our exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase and this could further exhaust our financial and management
resources. Further, during the course of any litigation, we may make announcements regarding the results of hearings and motions, and
other interim developments. If securities analysts and investors regard these announcements as negative, the market price of our Common
Stock may decline. Even if intellectual property claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the
time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and require significant expenditures. Any of
the foregoing could prevent us from competing effectively and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial
condition. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

On February 12, 2021, we entered into a Commercial
Lease Agreement with the lessor for the lease of 2640 West Medtronic Way, Tempe, Arizona 85281. The term of the lease is for 12 months
and the monthly rent is 2,000 per month for a total of 24,000. 

On January 31, 2022, we executed a lease for our national
headquarters to be located at 815 Walker Street, Suite 1155, Houston, Texas 77002. We will occupy approximately 4,224 sq. ft., in the
Mellie Esperson Building. The lease term is for 10 years commencing March 1, 2022. 

32 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

DarkPulse, Inc. v. Twitter, Inc. 

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, the Company is actively investigating potential claims against the @MIKEWOOD and @BullMeechum3 Twitter
accounts. There are no material updates to this matter. 

Carebourn Capital, L.P. v. DarkPulse, Inc. 

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, the Company remains in active litigation with Carebourn Capital, L.P. Carebourn in
Minnesota state court. The following discloses the material updates for this matter. 

On April 21, 2023, the Minnesota state court granted
the Company s motion for partial summary judgment on its affirmative defenses. Specifically, the Court found that Carebourn is an
unregistered dealer, acting in violation of Section 15(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, thus, the contracts between the
Company and Carebourn are now void pursuant to Section 29(b) of the Exchange Act. 

The Company is actively litigating its counterclaims
asserted under the Minnesota Uniform Securities Act. 

More Capital, LLC v. DarkPulse, Inc. et al 

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, the Company remains in active litigation with More Capital, LLC More in Minnesota state
court. There are no material updates to this litigation. 

The Company remains committed to actively litigating
its affirmative defenses and claims for relief under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Minnesota Uniform Securities Act. 

Carebourn Capital et al v. Standard Registrar
and Transfer et al 

On May 20, 2022, Carebourn Capital, L.P. Carebourn and More Capital, LLC More, and together with Carebourn, the Noteholder Plaintiffs commenced an action against
(i) Standard Registrar and Transfer Co., Inc. Standard ), (ii) Amy Merrill Merrill (Standard and Merrill,
together, the TA Defendants ), (iii) DarkPulse, Inc., (iv) Dennis O Leary O Leary ), (v) Thomas
Seifert Seifert ), (vi) Carl Eckel Eckel ), (vii) Anthony Brown Brown ), and (viii) Faisal Farooqui Farooqui (DarkPulse, O Leary, Seifert, Eckel, Brown, and Farooqui, collectively, the DPLS Defendants in the United States District Court for the District of Utah. 

The Noteholder Plaintiffs complaint alleges
the DPLS Defendants violated the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act, are liable for attorneys fees pursuant
to the Company s breach of securities contracts between the Company and, separately, Carebourn and More, and engaged in civil conspiracy,
fraudulent concealment, tortious interference with economic relations and conversion against the Noteholder Plaintiffs. 

Thereafter, the TA Defendants and DPLS Defendants
separately moved to dismiss the Noteholder Plaintiffs complaint. On February 10, 2023, the Court denied both motions without prejudice
and stayed the action pending the conclusion of enforcement action commenced by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission against Carebourn
and its principal, Chip Rice, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota. 

The Company contends that the Noteholder Plaintiffs 
lawsuit is duplicative of the first-filed lawsuits commenced by the Noteholder Plaintiffs in Minnesota state court. The Company
intends to vigorously defend itself against the Noteholder Plaintiffs lawsuit. 

33 

Goodman et al. v. DarkPulse, Inc. 

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, on September 10, 2021, Stephen Goodman, Mark Banash, and David Singer Former Officers commenced suit against the Company in Arizona Superior Court, Maricopa County. 

As of the date hereof, the Company and Former
Officers have entered into a mutual settlement. Thus, the Former Officers lawsuit against the Company has been dismissed with prejudice.
Any expenses or amounts awed have been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and are properly disclosed. 

DarkPulse, Inc. v. FirstFire Global Opportunities
Fund, LLC, and Eli Fireman 

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, the Company remains in active litigation with FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC FirstFire ),
and Eli Fireman Fireman (FirstFire and Fireman together, the FirstFire Parties ). The following discloses
the material updates for this matter. 

On January 17, 2023, the Court granted the FirstFire
Parties motion to dismiss the Company s complaint. Also on January 17, 2023, the Company appealed the trial court s
decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Briefing is currently taking place on the Company s appeal. 

The Company remains committed to actively litigating
its claims for relief under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act. 

DarkPulse, Inc. v. EMA Financial, LLC et al

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, the Company remains in active litigation with EMA Financial, LLC EMA ), EMA Group, Inc. EMA Group ), and Felicia Preston Preston (EMA, EMA Group, and Preston together, the EMA Parties ).
The following discloses the material updates for this matter. 

On March 1, 2023, the Court granted the EMA Parties 
motion to dismiss the Company s claims asserted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but denied dismissal of the Company s
claim asserted under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act. 

On or about May 15, 2023, the Company and the
EMA Parties reached an understanding of settlement, which was subsequently memorialized. The action was subsequently dismissed on or
about June 14, 2023. 

DarkPulse, Inc. v. Brunson Chandler Jones,
PLLC et al 

On July 8, 2022, the Company commenced litigation
against Brunson Chandler Jones, PLLC Brunson Firm ), and Lance B. Brunson Brunson, and together with
the Brunson Firm, the Brunson Parties through the filing of a complaint in the United States District Court for the District
of Utah. The Company is alleging that the Brunson Parties have committed professional negligence and breach of contract. 

On March 2, 2023, the Brunson Parties filed an
answer, affirmative defenses, and counterclaims to the Company s complaint, wherein the Brunson Firm alleged claims for (i) breach
of contract against the Company, (ii) breach of contract against the Company s subsidiary, DarkPulse Technologies, Inc., and (iii)
quantum meruit. 

On June 5, 2023, the Company filed its answer
and affirmative defenses to the Brunson Firm s counterclaims. The Company remains committed to litigating its claims and affirmative
defenses against the Brunson Parties. 

34 

DarkPulse, Inc., et al v. Crown Bridge Partners,
LLC, et al 

On September 23, 2022, the Company commenced an
action along with two other plaintiffs Crown Bridge Plaintiffs against Crown Bridge Partners, LLC, Soheil Ahdoot, and
Sepas Ahdoot Crown Bridge Defendants in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging
violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act. 

On January 13, 2023, the Crown Bridge Defendants
filed a motion to dismiss. As of May 16, 2023, the Crown Bridge Defendants motion to dismiss was fully submitted to the court.
As of the date hereof, no decision has been made on the motion. 

The Company remains committed to actively litigating
its RICO claims against the Crown Bridge Defendants. 

Benner et al v. DarkPulse, Inc. et al 

On March 29, 2023, J. Merlin Benner, Phillip J.
Benner, Benjamin P. Benner, Jonas M. Benner, and Angelica M. Benner (collectively, the Benner Parties commenced an action
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas against the Company and its Chief Executive Officer, Dennis O Leary,
individually, alleging (i) the Company is in breach of contracts between the Company and the Benner Parties as it concerns Remote Intelligence,
LLC and Wildlife Specialists, LLC, (ii) violation of Texas Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act by the Company, and (iii) defamation by Mr.
O Leary. 

Pursuant to a stipulation entered into by the
parties to this matter, the Company and Mr. O Leary are scheduled to file their answer to the Benner Parties complaint on
or before June 30, 2023. 

GS Capital Partners, LLC v. DarkPulse, Inc. 

On June 2, 2023, GS Capital Partners, LLC GS
Capital commenced an action in the Supreme Court for New York County against the Company through the filing of motion for summary
judgment in lieu of a complaint. The motion claims that the Company is in breach of a convertible promissory note, dated July 14, 2021,
and accompanying securities purchase agreement, dated the same. 

The motion claims that GS Capital is entitled
to an award of 2,407,671, plus prejudgment interest and attorney s fees, costs and disbursements. 

The Company is currently looking to retain legal
counsel to represent it in this matter, and intends to vigorously defend itself against GS Capital. 

From time to time, we may become involved
in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not currently involved in any
pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to
which we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

35 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is traded on the OTC Markets under
the trading symbol DPLS. The Company has 20,000,000,000 authorized common shares. 

The following table sets forth the high and low bid
of the Company s Common Stock for each quarter within the past two completed fiscal and the current year. The information
below was provided by the OTC Markets. 

2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.0108 
 0.0032 

2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.0890 
 0.0252 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0589 
 0.0190 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0455 
 0.0189 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0230 
 0.0078 

2021 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.0510 
 0.0007 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0969 
 0.0106 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.2020 
 0.0653 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.1400 
 0.0511 

The number of shareholders of record of the Company's
common stock as of June 22, 2023 was 949. An additional number of stockholders are beneficial holders
of our Common Stock in street name through banks, brokers and other financial institutions that are the record holders. 

We have not paid any cash dividends to date and
we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize any available
funds for the development of our business. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

On May 27, 2022, we entered into the Equity Financing
Agreement with GHS (the 2022 EFA ), pursuant to which GHS agreed to purchase up to 70,000,000 in shares of our Common
Stock, from time to time over the course of 24 months. 

Below is a table of all puts made by the Company under the 2022 EFA
during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

Date of Put 
 Number of Shares Sold 
 Total Proceeds, 
 Net of Discounts 
 Effective Price per Share 
 Net Proceeds 
 
 10/14/2022 
 35,628,020 
 500,000 
 0.014034 
 463,975 
 
 11/7/2022 
 22,022,709 
 326,235 
 0.014814 
 302,373 
 
 11/18/2022 
 39,699,793 
 325,000 
 0.008186 
 301,225 
 
 12/2/2022 
 42,148,416 
 325,000 
 0.007711 
 301,225 
 
 12/20/2022 
 78,705,534 
 540,000 
 0.006861 
 501,175 
 
 12/30/2022 
 63,338,702 
 400,000 
 0.006315 
 370,975 

36 

The shares issued in reliance
upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under
the Securities Act, based in part on the representations of the investor. There were 125,911 in sales commissions paid to J.H. Darbie
 Co., Inc. J.H. Darbie pursuant to these transactions. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain certain forward-looking statements. Historical results may not indicate future
performance. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events; are based on assumptions and are subject to
known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements.
Factors that may cause differences between actual results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, those discussed in the Risk Factors section. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, including any changes that might result from any facts, events, or circumstances after the date hereof that may bear upon
forward-looking statements. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance, or achievements 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The following discussions are based upon our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Use
of Estimates 

The preparation of the Company s financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in these financial statements include,
but are not limited to, assumptions used to calculate derivative liabilities, revenue recognition and impairment of long-lived assets.
The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, known trends and other market-specific or other relevant factors that it believes
to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates when there are changes in circumstances,
facts and experience. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 

The Company
accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-10-35, Property, Plant and Equipment, Impairment or Disposal
of Long-lived Assets. This accounting standard requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by
a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying
amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. 

Indefinite-lived
intangible assets established in connection with business combinations consist of the tradename. The impairment test for identifiable
indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value.
If the carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 

37 

The Company
accounts for goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other . Goodwill represents
the excess of the purchase price of an entity over the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. ASC 350 requires
that goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances
indicate that the fair value of an asset has decreased below its carrying value. This guidance simplifies the accounting for goodwill
impairment by removing Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. The quantitative
impairment test calculates any goodwill impairment as the difference between the carrying amount of a reporting unit and its fair value,
but not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. It is our practice, at a minimum, to perform a qualitative or quantitative goodwill
impairment test in the fourth quarter every year. The Company has one reporting unit it evaluates during its impairment test. 

In determining
the fair value of the reporting unit, management estimated the price that would be received to sell the reporting unit as a whole in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. This includes reviewing market comparables such as revenue
multipliers and assigning certain assets and liabilities to the reporting units, such as the respective working capital deficits of each
entity and debt obligations that would need to be assumed by a market participant buyer in an orderly transaction. The Company calculated
the carrying amounts of the reporting unit by utilizing the entities assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022, including the
carrying value of the identifiable intangible assets and goodwill assigned to the respective reporting unit. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The Company s
revenues are generated primarily from the sale of our services, which consist primarily of advanced technology solutions for integrated
communications and security systems, as well as habitat management. The Company s sales of products are primarily generated from
our TJM subsidiaries. Sales of products and services are separate from one another. At contract inception, we assess the goods and services
promised in the contract with customers and identify a performance obligation for each. To determine the performance obligation, we consider
all products and services promised in the contract regardless of whether they are explicitly stated or implied by customary business practices.
The timing of satisfaction of the performance obligation is not subject to significant judgment. We measure revenue as the amount of consideration
expected to be received in exchange for transferring goods and services. We recognize service revenues as the performance obligations
are met, which is generally as milestones are satisfied over time. We generally recognize product revenues at the time of shipment, provided
that all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

The Company
recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which
we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines
are within the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the
performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. The five-step model is applied
to contracts when it is probable that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services transferred
to the customer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess the goods or services
promised within each contract and determine those that are performance obligations and assess whether each promised good or service is
distinct. We then recognize revenue in the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation
when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 

The Company
considers each individual sale of service contract to be its own performance obligation. Services in the contract are highly interdependent
and interrelated, and the successful completion of each milestone is necessary for the overall success of the contract. Therefore, each
milestone is not separately identifiable from other promises in the contract, and not distinct and ultimately not individual performance
obligations. 

The Company
records revenue over time using the output measure as it is the most faithful depiction of an entity s performance because it directly
measures the value of the goods and services transferred to the customer. The Company utilizes the Right to Invoice for these contracts,
as the pricing structure is based on various milestones that are specified in the contract. These milestones include Construction Phase
Plan, Start of the construction phase, installation phase, site surveys, fiber splicing, recoveries, and closeouts. There are specified
payments associated with these milestones in the contract, and the value allocated is commensurate with work done. In the event that
there are advances such as upfront retainers and not based on the value, those are recorded as contract liabilities. 

38 

In accordance
with ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedient ,
which is to (1) clarify the objective of the collectability criterion for applying paragraph 606-10-25-7; (2) permit an entity to exclude
amounts collected from customers for all sales (and other similar) taxes from the transaction price; (3) specify that the measurement
date for noncash consideration is contract inception; (4) provide a practical expedient that permits an entity to reflect the aggregate
effect of all modifications that occur before the beginning of the earliest period presented when identifying the satisfied and unsatisfied
performance obligations, determining the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to the satisfied and unsatisfied performance
obligations; (5) clarify that a completed contract for purposes of transition is a contract for which all (or substantially all) of the
revenue was recognized under legacy GAAP before the date of initial application, and (6) clarify that an entity that retrospectively
applies the guidance in Topic 606 to each prior reporting period is not required to disclose the effect of the accounting change for
the period of adoption. The amendments of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within those fiscal years. There was no impact as a result of adopting this ASU on the financial statements and related disclosures.
Based on the terms and conditions of the product arrangements, the Company believes that its products and services can be accounted for
separately as its products and services have value to the Company s customers on a stand-alone basis. When a transaction involves
more than one product or service, revenue is allocated to each deliverable based on its relative fair value; otherwise, revenue is recognized
as products are delivered or as services are provided over the term of the customer contract. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The Company
evaluates the embedded conversion feature within its convertible debt instruments under ASC 815-15 and ASC 815-40 to determine if the
conversion feature meets the definition of a liability and, if so, whether to bifurcate the conversion feature and account for it as a
separate derivative liability. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is
initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements
of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses a lattice model, in accordance with ASC 815-15 , Derivative
and Hedging, to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative
instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting
period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether net-cash settlement
of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months after the balance sheet date. 

Business Overview 

DarkPulse, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company 
or DarkPulse ), is a technology and research and development company focused on the manufacture, sale, installation,
and monitoring of laser sensing systems based on its patented BOTDA dark-pulse sensor technology. The Company develops, markets, and distributes
a full suite of engineering, monitoring, installation and security management solutions for critical infrastructure/key resources to both
industries and governments. Coupled with our patented BOTDA technology, DarkPulse provides its customers a comprehensive data stream of
critical metrics for assessing the health and security of their infrastructure. Our systems provide rapid, precise analysis and responsive
activities predetermined by the end-user customer. The Company s activities since inception have consisted of developing various
solutions, obtaining patents and trademarks related to its technology, raising capital, acquisition of companies deemed to expand global
operations and/or capabilities, creating key partnerships to expand our suite of products and services. Our activities have evolved to
a sales-focused mission since the successful completion of our BOTDA system in December 2020. 

Headquartered in Houston, DarkPulse is a globally-based
technology company with presence through its subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, India, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Turkey, Azerbaijan, United States
and Canada. In addition to the Company s BOTDA systems, through a series of strategic acquisitions the Company offers the manufacture,
sale, installation, and monitoring of laser sensing systems, oil and gas pipeline leak detection, physical security services, telecommunications
and satellite communications services, artificial intelligence-based camera systems, railway monitoring services, drone and rover systems,
and Big Data as a Service BDaaS ). The Company is focused on expanding services through acquisitions and partnerships to
address global infrastructure and critical environmental resource challenges. 

DarkPulse offers a full suite of engineering and environmental
solutions that provide safety and security infrastructure projects. The sensing and monitoring capabilities offered by DarkPulse and our
subsidiary companies operate in the air, land, sea. Our patented technology provides rapid, precise analysis to protect and safeguard
oil and gas pipelines above or below ground, physical security countermeasures, mining operations, and other critical infrastructure/key
resources subject to vulnerability or risk. Our patented brillouin scattering distributed fiber sensing system is best in class. The Company
is able to monitor areas in around critical infrastructure buried or above ground including pipelines 100km or more in length and/ or
localized pipes as small as eight CM DIA, detecting internal anomalies before catastrophic failure. We are developing an intelligent rock
bolt to prevent causalities and fatalities in mining operations and include a real time sensor system that can detect the location and
movement of personnel and equipment throughout a mining operation. We monitor airflow, air quality, temperature, seismic events, etc.
Our sensors cover extended areas, protecting an area from intrusion by detecting events at any location along the sensing cable. Working
safely every day is our first core value and employees at DarkPulse and our subsidiary companies are recognized experts in their fields,
providing comprehensive services for all our clients' needs. 

39 

Our Subsidiaries 

Our subsidiaries consist of, Optilan, a company
headquartered in Coventry, United Kingdom whose focus is in telecommunications, energy, rail, critical network infrastructure, pipeline
integrity systems, renewables and security; Remote Intelligence, Limited Liability Company, a company headquartered in Pennsylvania who
provides unmanned aerial drone and unmanned ground crawler (UGC) services to a variety of clients from industrial mapping and ecosystem
services, to search and rescue, to pipeline security; Wildlife Specialists, Limited Liability Company, a company headquartered in Pennsylvania
who provides clients with comprehensive wildlife and environmental assessment, planning, and monitoring services; TerraData Unmanned,
PLLC, a company headquartered in Florida who custom manufactures NDAA compliant drones and unmanned ground crawlers to meet the needs
of its customers; and TJM Electronics West, Inc., a company headquartered in Arizona who is a U.S. manufacturer and tester of advanced
electronics, cables and sub-assemblies specializing in advanced package and complex CCA and hardware. 

Recent Events 

Acquisitions 

On August 9, 2021, we entered into a Share Purchase
Agreement with Optilan Guernsey Limited and Optilan Holdco 2 Limited (the Sellers ), pursuant to which we purchased
from the Sellers all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Optilan for 1.00. Optilan is now a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. 

On August 30, 2021, we closed two separate Membership
Interest Purchase Agreements (the MPAs with RI and WS pursuant to which we agreed to pay to the majority shareholder
of each of RI and WS an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, 500,000 to be paid on the closing date, and an additional
 500,000 to be paid 12 weeks from closing date in exchange for 60 ownership of each of RI and WS. RI and WS are now subsidiaries of
the Company. 

On September 8, 2021,
we entered into and closed the Stock Purchase Agreement (the TJM SPA with TJM and TJM s shareholders, pursuant
to which we agreed to purchase all of the equity interests in TJM in exchange for 450,000, subject to adjustments as defined in the TJM
SPA. TJM is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Effective October 1,
2021, we entered into and closed the Membership Purchase Agreement (the TerraData MPA with TerraData and Justin
Dee, the sole shareholder of TerraData, pursuant to which we agreed to purchase 60 of the equity interests in TerraData in exchange
for 3,725,386 shares of our Common Stock and 400,000, subject to adjustments as defined in the TerraData MPA, to be paid within 12 weeks
of closing. TerraData is now a subsidiary of the Company. The shares were issued in 2022. 

Financings 

On November 9, 2021, we entered an Equity Financing
Agreement (the Equity Financing Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement (the GHS Registration Rights
Agreement with GHS, pursuant to which GHS agreed to purchase up to 30,000,000 in shares of our Common Stock, from time to
time over the course of 24 months (the Contract Period after effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1
(the Registration Statement of the underlying shares of Common Stock. 

The GHS Registration Rights Agreement provides that
we shall (i) use our best efforts to file with the SEC a Registration Statement within 45 days of the date of the GHS Registration Rights
Agreement; and (ii) have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC within 30 days after the date the GHS Registration Statement
is filed with the SEC, but in no event more than 90 days after the GHS Registration Statement is filed. 

On May 27, 2022, we entered the 2022 EFA and Registration
Rights Agreement (the RRA with GHS, pursuant to which GHS agreed to purchase up to 70,000,000 in shares of our
Common Stock, from time to time over the course of 24 months after effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration
Statement of the underlying shares of Common Stock. 

The RRA provides that we shall (i) use our best efforts
to file with the SEC a Registration Statement within 45 days of the date of the GHS Registration Rights Agreement; and (ii) have the Registration
Statement declared effective by the SEC within 30 days after the date the GHS Registration Statement is filed with the SEC, but in no
event more than 90 days after the GHS Registration Statement is filed. 

40 

Below is a table of all puts made by the Company under
the Equity Financing Agreement and 2022 EFA during 2022: 

Date of Put 
 Number of Shares Sold 
 Total Proceeds, 
 Net of Discounts 
 Effective Price per Share 
 Net Proceeds 
 
 1/12/2022 
 23,372,430 
 1,150,000 
 0.054124 
 1,033,975 
 
 1/21/2022 
 33,454,988 
 1,150,000 
 0.037812 
 1,033,975 
 
 2/7/2022 
 16,040,411 
 500,000 
 0.034288 
 448,975 
 
 2/23/2022 
 75,798,921 
 2,500,000 
 0.032982 
 2,500,000 
 
 3/14/2022 
 16,579,569 
 500,000 
 0.030158 
 500,000 
 
 3/14/2022 
 5,617,347 
 400,000 
 0.071208 
 400,000 
 
 3/23/2022 
 29,257,395 
 1,500,000 
 0.056396 
 1,348,975 
 
 4/11/2022 
 23,746,816 
 1,000,000 
 0.042111 
 898,975 
 
 5/3/2022 
 29,522,276 
 1,000,000 
 0.033873 
 898,975 
 
 5/13/2022 
 26,100,979 
 556,750 
 0.021331 
 500,050 
 
 5/23/2022 
 25,025,540 
 556,750 
 0.022247 
 500,050 
 
 6/1/2022 
 25,901,921 
 556,750 
 0.021495 
 500,050 
 
 6/16/2022 
 23,799,766 
 402,086 
 0.016895 
 360,852 
 
 6/24/2022 
 38,391,106 
 643,539 
 0.016763 
 578,160 
 
 7/1/2022 
 33,525,465 
 556,750 
 0.016607 
 500,050 
 
 7/11/2022 
 32,756,532 
 556,750 
 0.016997 
 550,050 
 
 7/20/2022 
 29,386,519 
 556,750 
 0.018946 
 553,765 
 
 7/28/2022 
 35,884,040 
 556,750 
 0.015515 
 500,050 
 
 8/10/2022 
 44,505,857 
 680,109 
 0.015281 
 611,073 
 
 8/18/2022 
 54,574,909 
 948,863 
 0.017386 
 852,952 
 
 8/25/2022 
 105,255,759 
 2,264,961 
 0.021519 
 2,128,038 
 
 9/2/2022 
 140,073,757 
 3,000,000 
 0.021417 
 2,788,975 
 
 9/14/2022 
 79,092,686 
 1,757,466 
 0.022220 
 1,633,418 
 
 9/30/2022 
 30,538,303 
 500,000 
 0.016373 
 463,975 
 
 10/14/2022 
 35,628,020 
 500,000 
 0.014034 
 463,975 
 
 11/7/2022 
 22,022,709 
 326,235 
 0.014814 
 302,373 
 
 11/18/2022 
 39,699,793 
 325,000 
 0.008186 
 301,225 
 
 12/2/2022 
 42,148,416 
 325,000 
 0.007711 
 301,225 
 
 12/20/2022 
 78,705,534 
 540,000 
 0.006861 
 501,175 
 
 12/30/2022 
 63,338,702 
 400,000 
 0.006315 
 370,975 

1,259,746,466 
 26,210,509 
 
 24,276,308 

Partnerships 

We have entered into a consulting agreement with the
Bachner Group to assist in the successful transformation from an R D focused company to a sales-focused company and assist us with
federal contract opportunities. 

Other Events 

On August 3, 2021, we entered into an Engagement
Agreement and Terms and Conditions (the EIAP Agreement with Energy Industrial Advisory Partners, LLC EIAP ).
Pursuant to the EIAP Agreement, we have engaged EIAP to serve as an advisor to us in the proposed transaction for agreed target company
or any of its subsidiaries and/or the whole or any part of its or their business or assets (the Transaction ). EIAP
will receive a monthly retainer of 10,000 per month payable upon receipt of an invoice. EIAP will also receive a consulting bonus fee
of 350,000 payable upon completion of the Transaction. In the event of successful completion of the Transaction as a result of EIAP s
involvement, EIAP agrees to deduct the total retainer fee from the consulting bonus fee. The EIAP Agreement may be terminated, with or
without cause, by either party upon ten days written prior notice thereof to the other party. If (a) during the term of the EIAP
Agreement, or (b) within two years following the date of the EIAP Agreement s termination by us (provided that such two-year period
shall be extended by the same period of time that we take to settle in full all fees, expenses and/or outlays due or to become due to
EIAP as at the date of the EIAP Agreement s termination), we complete a transaction with the target company or a similar transaction
to the Transaction, then we will pay the consulting bonus fee at the completion of the transaction. To date, the Transaction has not yet
occurred. 

41 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

As shown in the accompanying financial statements,
 the Company generated net losses of 35,517,505 and 4,826,320 during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by 11,562,784
and an accumulated deficit of 46,555,334. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 2,060,332 of cash. 

We will require additional
funding to finance the growth of our operations and achieve our strategic objectives. These factors, as relative to capital raising activities,
create substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. We are seeking to raise additional capital and are targeting
strategic partners in an effort to accelerate the sales and marketing of our products and begin generating revenues. Our ability to continue
as a going concern is dependent upon the success of future capital offerings or alternative financing arrangements, expansion of our
operations and generating sales. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should
we be unable to continue as a going concern. Management is actively pursuing additional sources of financing sufficient to generate enough
cash flow to fund its operations; however, management cannot make any assurances that such financing will be secured. 

Foreign Currency Risk 

In general, the Company is a net receiver of currencies
other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively
affect the Company s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. There is a risk that the Company will have to adjust
local currency product pricing due to competitive pressures when there has been significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Results of Operations 

Revenues 

Since 2021, we have recognized revenue derived
from the acquisitions of our subsidiaries consummated during the periods ended September 30, 2021 through present. 

The
Company s revenues are generated primarily from the sale of our services, which consist primarily of advanced technology solutions
for integrated communications and security systems, as well as habitat management. The Company s sales of products are primarily
generated from our TJM subsidiaries. 

The Company s future revenues will be derived
from the following, among other things. 

promote adoption if our patented technology through agency and distribution agreements; 

cross-selling existing customer with products from other subsidiaries; 

provide a wide array of diverse services, including enhanced or additional services that may become available in the future due to, among other things, advances in technology or improvements in our infrastructure; 

pursue acquisitions of additional assets, in each case if available at attractive prices; and 

market our products and services to new customers. 

While the Company recognizes revenue when its customer
obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which we expect to receive in exchange for
those goods or services, the Company also maintains multiple contracts for future material revenues, including part of framework contracts
that will be recognized during future reporting periods. 

42 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, total revenues were 9,100,255 compared to 7,783,340 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,316,915.
The increase was primarily due to a full year of revenue generated from the Company s subsidiaries acquired in 2021. The breakdown
of revenues by entity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Optilan 
 7,514,687 
 7,232,210 
 
 Wildlife 
 842,811 
 306,548 
 
 TJM 
 560,406 
 174,266 
 
 Remote Intelligence 
 140,490 
 24,816 
 
 TerraData 
 41,861 
 45,500 

9,100,255 
 7,783,340 

Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin 

For the
year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenues was 14,543,529 compared to 6,685,210 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 7,858,319. The increase was primarily due to a full year of cost of revenue incurred from the Company s subsidiaries acquired
in 2021. The Optilan cost of revenue in 2022 of 13,069,792 increased 6,699,322 over 2021. During 2022, it was realized that certain
Fixed Price quoted contracts, with design and execution issues, prolonged the completion of the projects. These delays resulted in significant
excess costs of approximately 6,061,790. These costs were related to labor, subcontractor, and material costs, along with Covid-19 and
current inflation rates. The remaining 637,532 increase is related to warranty and other work associated with different projects. The
company has adequately reserved for these costs through completion of the projects in the third quarter of 2023. Unfortunately, there
was very little foresight into the magnitude of the loss. The Company believes that this is not a recurring issue with Optilan and/or
its business model. The Company has undertaken internal procedures during its bid process to assure that such practices will not occur
in the future. 

Gross (loss) profit for the year ended December 31,
2022 was 5,443,275) with a gross loss of (60) compared to 1,098,130 for the year ended December 31, 2021 with a 14 gross margin. 

Operating
Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses for
year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 1,047,735, or 27 , to 4,966,702 from 3,918,967 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase primarily consisted of an increase to the operations from our various acquisitions, including higher travel, advertising costs,
insurance and information technology expenses. 

Salaries, wages and payroll taxes for year ended
December 31, 2022 increased to 7,457,491 from 2,653,683 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase primarily consisted of an
increase in the numbers of employees inherited from our various acquisitions, and a full year of personnel costs from these entities.
Salaries, wages and payroll taxes was primarily driven by 4,601,840 incurred at the Optilan subsidiary. 

Professional fees for the year ended December
31, 2022, increased to 3,718,171 from 2,930,245 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase primarily consisted of legal expenditures
incurred by DarkPulse for corporate matters, including the Company s SPAC transaction, as well as a full year of professional fees
incurred by Optilan. 

Depreciation and amortization for year ended December
31, 2022, increased to 1,568,405 from 258,306 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily due to the increase in
the depreciable assets we acquired from new acquisitions, primarily Optilan s property and equipment as well as amortization of its intangible asset. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain
on forgiveness of payables of 312,685. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded 12,222,598 in impairment on the Company s goodwill and intangible assets. 

43 

Other Income (Expense) 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had
 other expense of 453,549) compared to other income of 4,021,700 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in other
 income was primarily due to higher interest expense in 2022, a gain on forgiveness of liabilities of 3,488,860 in 2021, as well as
 a lower gain on the change in fair value of derivative liabilities. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the above, we reported a net loss of
 35,517,505 and 4,826,320 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We require working capital to fund the continued
development and commercialization of our proprietary fiber optic sensing devices, and for operating expenses. During the year ended December
31, 2022, we had 24,276,308 in cash proceeds from our equity financings compared to 14,593,327 in 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 2,060,332
compared to 3,658,846 as of December 31, 2021. We currently do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations for the next 12 months
and we will require working capital to complete development, testing and marketing of our products and to pay for ongoing operating expenses.
We anticipate adding consultants for technology development and the corresponding operations of the Company, but this will not occur
prior to obtaining additional capital. Management is currently in the process of looking for additional investors. Currently, loans from
banks or other lending sources for lines of credit or similar short-term borrowings are not available to us. We have been able to raise
working capital to fund operations through the issuances of convertible notes or obtained through the issuance of our restricted common
stock. As of December 31, 2022, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by 11,562,784. 

Several of our significant operating subsidiaries
have borrowed funds from DarkPulse. The terms of the instruments governing the indebtedness of these borrowers or borrowing groups may
restrict our ability to access their accumulated cash. In addition, our ability to access the liquidity of these and other subsidiaries
may be limited by tax, legal and other considerations. 

Our executive officers and our Board of Directors
review our sources and potential uses of cash in connection with our annual budgeting process and whenever circumstances warrant. Generally
speaking, our principal funding source is cash from financing activities, and our principal cash requirements include loans to our operating
subsidiaries, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used by operating activities was 21,738,542 resulting from our net loss of 35,517,505, partially offset by non-cash charges of 13,307,813
primarily driven by our goodwill impairment. In 2022, we had cash provided by our operating assets and liabilities of 471,149 primarily
driven by decreases in accounts receivable and increases in accounts payable partially offset by decreases in other liabilities. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used by operating activities
was 11,363,470, resulting from our net loss of 4,826,320, non-cash gains of 3,279,403 and cash used in our operating assets and liabilities
of 3,257,746. 

44 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had
net cash used in investing activities of 5,045,405, including the issuance of our note receivable and investment with the SPAC totaling
 2,549,248, joint venture investment of 103,505 and purchase of property and equipment of 2,074,627. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we had
net cash used in investing activities of 1,689,153, primarily due from the purchase of property and equipment and net cash used in business
acquisitions. 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
provided by financing activities was 24,165,801 which was primarily comprised of proceeds from the sale of common stock of 24,276,308,
net of costs of 1,934,200, less net repayments of loans of 110,507. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash
provided by financing activities was 17,311,427, comprised of proceeds from the sale of common stock from offering of 14,593,327, the
issuance of convertible debt in the amount of 1,102,700, the issuance of notes payable of 2,000,000 offset by payments on convertible
debt of 384,600. 

Factors That May Affect Future Results 

Management s Discussion and Analysis contains
information based on management s beliefs and forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.
There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
including but not limited to, our ability to obtain the equity funding or borrowings necessary to market and launch our products, our
ability to successfully serially produce and market our products; our success establishing and maintaining collaborative licensing and
supplier arrangements; the acceptance of our products by customers; our continued ability to pay operating costs; our ability to meet
demand for our products; the amount and nature of competition from our competitors; the effects of technological changes on products and
product demand; and our ability to successfully adapt to market forces and technological demands of our customers. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU No.
2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with
Customers , issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. This ASU requires entities to recognize and measure contract
assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606). The update will generally result in the recognition of contract assets and contract liabilities at amounts
consistent with those recorded by the acquiree immediately before the acquisition date
rather than at fair value. The Company expects that there would be no material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements upon the adoption of this ASU. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, which
simplifies the guidance on the issuer s accounting for convertible debt instruments by removing the separation models for convertible
debt with a cash conversion feature and convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, entities will not separately
present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt and will account for a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt, unless
certain other conditions are met. The elimination of these models will reduce reported interest expense and increase reported net income
for entities that have issued a convertible instrument that is within the scope of ASU 2020-06. ASU 2020-06 is applicable for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company
adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 and the adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

45 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements of the Company are included
beginning on page F-1 immediately following the signature page to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We have established
disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and, as such, is accumulated and communicated to our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Dennis O Leary, who serves as our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Mr. O Leary, evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. Based on his evaluation,
Mr. O Leary concluded that, due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. In light of the material
weakness in internal control over financial reporting, we completed substantive procedures, including validating the completeness and
accuracy of the underlying data used for accounting prior to filing this Form 10-K. 

These additional procedures have allowed us to conclude
that, notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the consolidated financial statements included
in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting for the Company. Due to limited resources, management conducted an evaluation
of internal controls based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). The results of this evaluation determined that our internal control
over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022, due to material weaknesses. A material weakness in internal control
over financial reporting is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight
of our financial reporting. 

46 

Management s assessment identified the following
material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting: 

The small size of our company limits our ability to achieve the desired level of separation of duties to achieve effective internal controls over financial reporting. We do not have a separate CEO and CFO, to review and oversee our financial policies and procedures, which does achieve a degree of separation. However, until such time as we are able to hire a controller, we do not believe we meet the full requirement for separation. 

We do not have an audit committee. 

We have not achieved the desired level of documentation of our internal controls and procedures. This documentation will be strengthened through utilizing a third-party consulting firm to assist management with its internal control documentation and further help to limit the possibility of any lapse in controls occurring. 

We have not achieved the desired level of corporate governance to ensure that our accounting for all of our contractual and other agreements is in accordance with all of the relevant terms and conditions. 

As a result of the material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting described above, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

We will continue to follow the standards for the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) for internal control over financial reporting to include procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records in reasonable detail accurately that fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Despite the material weaknesses in financial reporting
noted above, we believe that our financial statements included in this report fairly present our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows as of and for the years presented in all material respects. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

We have taken limited steps to meet our Sarbanes-Oxley
(SOX) Section 404 compliance requirements and implement procedures to assure financial reports are prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and therefore fairly represent the results and condition of the Company. We are not materially compliant
with the Section 404 requirements due to economic constraints. 

47 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable to the Company. 

48 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive Officers and Directors 

The following table sets forth the name, age, and position of each executive
officer and director of the Company: 

Director's Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Dennis O Leary 
 
 60 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary Treasurer 

Dr. Anthony Brown 
 
 49 
 
 Director 

Craig Atkin 
 
 40 
 
 Director and Chief Commercial Officer of Optilan 

Jason Keith 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Executive Officer of Optilan 

Dennis M. O Leary, Chairman, CEO, President,
CFO . Mr. O Leary was appointed as the DarkPulse s Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman
of the Board in April 2018. Mr. O Leary is a serial entrepreneur with significant international experience having founded Sulu Electric
Power and Light Corp (Philippines), a firm with expertise in utility scale power generation and solar energy. In 2010, Mr. O Leary
co-founded DarkPulse Technologies Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of DarkPulse, which is developing specialized devices that monitor activities
along national borders and provide structural health and safety monitoring of oil and gas pipelines. He holds extensive start-up experience
including multiple exit strategies. Mr. O Leary is an Ambassador for the Province of New Brunswick, Canada, and a Research Member
of the NATO Science and Technology Organization. He served as a member of the Board at Arizona State University s School of Engineering,
Global Resolve as Chair of the Impact Committee. His previous employment includes the NYPD where he worked as a member of the Manhattan
North Tactical Narcotics Team, which prosecuted establishments involved in the illegal distribution of narcotics. He was a member of a
joint taskforce working with the DEA and USINS in the execution of warrants related to narcotics trafficking. While at the NYPD, he was
assigned to the Department of Justice as a member of the FBI s investigative team with internal designation C14. He is a licensed
private pilot with turbine experience. Mr. O Leary was appointed as a Director due to his extensive experience in the industries
in which DarkPulse operates. Mr. O Leary is not, and has not been during the past five years, the director of any other public companies. 

Dr. Anthony Brown, Director . Dr. Brown has
served as a Director of DarkPulse since April 2019. He is a physicist and scientist with extensive experience in the development of Brillouin
scattering-based distributed fiber optic sensing. In 2010, Dr. Brown co-founded DarkPulse Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of DarkPulse. Dr. Brown has more than 25 years of research and lecturing experience gained at the University of New Brunswick UNB ),
focusing primarily on the development of Brillouin scattering-based distributed fiber optic sensor technology. From 2001 to 2012, Dr.
Brown served as an assistant professor and research associate at UNB. During Dr. Brown s tenure at UNB, he was instrumental in developing
numerous patents in the field of fiber optic sensing. From 2012 to 2015, Dr. Brown served as an Adjunct Professor at UNB. From 2013 through
the present, Dr. Brown has served as a data scientist for Xplornet Communications, Inc. From 2018 through the present, Dr. Brown has served
as a consultant for DarkPulse. Dr. Brown received a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from UNB in 1995, and a PhD in Physics from
UNB in 2001. Dr. Brown was appointed as a Director due to his extensive experience in the development of Brillouin scattering-based distributed
fiber optic sensing. Dr. Brown is not, and has not been during the past five years, the director of any other public companies. 

49 

Craig Atkin, Director . Mr. Atkin has served
as a Director of DarkPulse since June 2023. He is also the Chief Commercial Officer of Optilan. Mr. Atkin has an
engineering background with a first class honours degree in Electrical/Electronic Engineering and a Master s Degree in Project Management.
With over 20 years experience across energy, security, communications and technology sectors in both operational and leadership
roles. His previous role was the management of two power stations within the UK for a multinational energy company. Mr. Atkin has also
worked in conventional, renewable and offshore wind environments. He is experienced working and leading international teams and large
scale projects. Mr. Atkin is commercially-experienced across contract setup and negotiation, M A and operational works. Mr.
Atkin was appointed as a Director due to his experience with Optilan. Mr. Atkin is not, and has not been during the past five years, the
director of any other public companies. 

Jason Keith, CEO, Optilan .
Mr. Keith has served as the CEO of Optilan since July 2022. He oversees all commercial, procurement and tendering activities across the
Optilan Group and is responsible for the delivery, development and maintenance of these services in compliance with Group policies, procedures
and legislation. This is whilst simultaneously ensuring the safe, efficient and economic execution in support of Optilan s operational
requirements. Mr. Keith has 28 years experience predominantly within the energy industry, working for major multi-national and
international contracting companies across the globe. This includes his previous position at Wood plc, as well as Petrofac, Subsea 7 and
BP. Throughout his professional tenure, Mr. Keith has held several commercial positions at both project and corporate levels, with the
last 15 years spent in Senior Executive Leadership roles. He has extensive skills in commercial and contract management; this has encompassed
valuable multi-cultural experiences, having lived, worked and managed teams across the globe. Mr. Keith holds a Masters in Oil Gas
Law (LLM) and a Postgraduate in Management, both of which he graduated with distinction from the Robert Gordon University in the United
Kingdom. He also holds a Diploma in Finance and a master s certificate in Lean Six Sigma (Black Belt) attained through the Villanova
University. 

Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years there have been no events
under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability
and integrity of any of our directors or executive officers, and none of these persons has been involved in any judicial or administrative
proceedings resulting from involvement in mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity, any judicial or administrative
proceedings based on violations of federal or state securities, commodities, banking or insurance laws or regulations, or any disciplinary
sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization. 

50 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any of our
directors and executive officers. 

Audit Committee 

We currently do not have a functioning Audit
Committee. Our management is currently reviewing our SEC filings and relying on outside experts to assist with this process. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s
directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities, to file
with the Commission reports regarding initial ownership and changes in ownership. Directors, executive officers, and greater than 10 
stockholders are required by the Commission to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

We are not aware of any common stock transactions
during the year ended December 31, 2022 for which either Forms 3, 4, or 5 were required to be filed. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a formal, written code of ethics
due to a small number of members of management. We plan to adopt a Code of Ethics during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation for Named Executive Officers 

The following table shows the executive compensation
paid to our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year Ended 
 Dec 31, 
 Salary 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Dennis O Leary 
 2022 
 285,000 
 
 285,000 
 
 Chairman/CEO and Director 
 2021 
 60,000 
 60,000 
 60,000 

Bill Bayliss 
 2022 
 250,000 
 19,000 
 269,000 
 
 CEO, Optilan (2) 
 2021 
 343,918 
 68,782 
 412,700 

Jason Keith 
 2022 
 186,000 
 62,700 
 248,700 
 
 CEO, Optilan (2) 
 2021 
 212,350 
 14,813 
 227,163 

(1) 
 On June 24, 2022, Mr. O Leary was awarded 100 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Since the shares have no voluntary conversion feature, they are deemed to have no monetary value. 

(2) 
 In April 2022, Mr. Bayliss was removed as CEO and Mr. Keith was appointed as CEO in May 2022. 

51 

O Leary Employment
Agreement 

On June 22, 2022, our Board
of Directors, with Dennis O Leary abstaining, approved the Employment Agreement dated effective April 1, 2022 with Mr. O Leary,
our Chief Executive Officer. The term of the agreement is three years from the April 1, 2022, subject to termination. The agreement may
be terminated upon the death or disability of Mr. O Leary or for Cause, as defined in the agreement. Pursuant to the
agreement, Mr. O Leary is entitled to an annual salary of 300,000, which may accrue and be paid once we have available funds. Any
accrued and unpaid base salary may also be converted subject to mutual agreement of the Company and Mr. O Leary. Also, pursuant
to the agreement, Mr. O Leary was issued 100 shares of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock. 

Summary Compensation for Directors 

The following table shows the executive compensation
paid to our directors (excluding named executive officers) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Salary 
 Total 
 
 Dr. Anthony Brown, Director 

Carl Eckel, Director 
 
 240,000 
 240,000 

Equity Awards 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding
equity awards. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Principal Shareholders 

The table below sets forth information as to our
directors, named executive officers, and executive officers and each person owning of record or was known by the Company to own beneficially
shares of stock greater than 5 of the 7,312,175,610 (7,312,087,375 common plus 88,235 preferred) shares as of June 22, 2023. The table
includes preferred stock that is convertible into common stock and information as to the ownership of the Company's Stock by each of its
directors, named executive officers, and executive officers and by the directors and executive officers as a group. There were no stock
options outstanding as of June 22, 2023. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly, and the persons named in the table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to shares shown as beneficially owned by them. The address for each of our directors,
named executive officers, and executive officers is 815 Walker Street, Suite 1155, Houston, Texas 77002. 

Name
and Position 
 Shares of 
 Common Stock 
 Owned 
 Shares of 
 Series D 
 Preferred Stock 
 Owned (1) 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership (2) 
 Percentage of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 
 Dennis O Leary, CEO and Director 
 
 67,647 
 135,294 

Dr. Anthony Brown, Director 
 
 5,882 
 11,764 

Craig
 Atkin, Director 

Bill Bayliss, CEO, Optilan 

Total named executive officers, executive officers, and directors (four persons) 
 
 73,529 
 147,058 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Each share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible,
 at the option of the holder, into two shares of our Common Stock. 

(2) 
 Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial
 owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship,
 or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment
 power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned
 by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares
 are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of
 an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person,
 the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person)
 by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the above table
 does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock
 actually outstanding on the date of this prospectus. 

52 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

For transactions with our
executive officers, please see the disclosure under Item 11. Executive Compensation. above. 

Director Independence 

We are not currently subject to listing requirements
of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors
be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority
of independent directors. 

We currently have not established any committees of
the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other committees
in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee charter. Further, we do not have a policy with regard to
the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date, other than as described above, no security holders
have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees.
Given the present size of our board it is not practical for us to have committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our
operations, we intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities accordingly. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees . Consists of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audits of our financial statements, reviews of our interim financial statements included in quarterly reports,
services performed in connection with filings with the SEC, and related other services that were provided by Boyle CPA Boyle ),
our previous independent registered public accounting firm, and Urish Popeck Co., LLC Urish ), our current
independent registered public accounting firm, in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

The following is a summary of the fees incurred by
the Company to Boyle and Urish for professional services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Service 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 286,641 
 179,750 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Total 
 286,641 
 179,750 

Tax Fees . Consists of fees billed for professional
services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance
and consultation in connection with various transactions. There were no tax fees incurred by the Company for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Board of Directors Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit
Services of Independent Auditors 

The Board of Directors may pre-approve all audit and
non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services
and other services as allowed by law or regulation. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed
as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specifically approved amount. The independent auditors
and management are required to periodically evaluate the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this
pre-approval and the fees incurred to date. The Board of Directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

The Board of Directors pre-approved 100 of the Company s
2022 and 2021 audit fees, audit-related fees and all other fees. 

53 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included as part of this
Form 10-K: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 Date 

Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Form of Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Klever Marketing, Inc., DarkPulse Technologies Inc. and DPTH Acquisition Corporation dated April 27, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 2.1 
 
 5/1/18 

2.2 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Klever Marketing, Inc., DarkPulse Technologies Inc. and DPTH Acquisition Corporation dated June 29, 2018 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 000-18730 
 
 2.1 
 
 7/13/18 

2.3 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Klever Marketing, Inc., DarkPulse Technologies Inc. and DPTH Acquisition Corporation dated August 17, 2018, effective as of July 18, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 2.1 
 
 8/21/18 

2.4# 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, by, between, and among DarkPulse, Inc., Global System Dynamics, Inc., and Zilla Acquisition Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 2.1 
 
 12/15/22 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Klever Marketing, Inc. a Delaware corporation 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.01 
 
 6/20/97 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/24/18 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed February 5, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.05 
 
 4/15/21 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed February 20, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.06 
 
 4/15/21 

3.5 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.02 
 
 6/20/97 

3.6 
 
 Amended Bylaws 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.03 
 
 3/29/01 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock dated June 22, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/23/22 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment for Series A Preferred Stock filed December 2, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/8/22 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Correction for Certificate of Amendment For Series A Preferred Stock filed December 8, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.2 
 
 12/8/22 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.2 
 
 7/24/18 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment for Series D Preferred Stock filed December 23, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.01 
 
 12/27/21 

3.12 
 
 Certificate of Amendment for Series D Preferred Stock filed December 2, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 3.3 
 
 12/8/22 

4.1 10.1 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated July 14, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.1 
 
 8/15/18 

4.2 10.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated July 14, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.2 
 
 8/15/18 

4.3 10.3 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated July 14, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.3 
 
 8/15/18 

4.4 10.4 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated July 14, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.4 
 
 8/15/18 

4.5 10.5 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated July 17, 2018, effective July 18, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.5 
 
 8/15/18 

4.6 10.6 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated July 24, 2018, and effective July 27, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.6 
 
 8/15/18 

4.7 10.7 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated August 20, 2018, effective August 24, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/27/18 

4.8 10.8 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to EMA dated September 25, 2018, effective September 28, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/5/18 

4.9 10.9 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Auctus dated September 25, 2018, effective September 27, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/5/18 

54 

4.10 10.10 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to FirstFire dated September 24, 2018, and effective October 9, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/15/18 

4.11 10.11 
 
 8 Convertible Redeemable Note issued to GS Capital Partners, LLC dated January 10, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 4.1 
 
 1/15/19 

4.12 10.12 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note issued to Crown Bridge Partners, LLC dated February 5, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 4.1 
 
 2/14/19 

4.13 10.13 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc. dated September 2, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 4.13 
 
 4/15/21 

4.14 10.14 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note Issued as of April 26, 2021 to FIRSTFIRE GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/16/21 

4.15 10.15 
 
 6 Redeemable Note dated July 14, 2021 issued to GS Capital Partners, LLC in the principal amount of 2,000,000 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/15/21 

10.16 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 14, 2021 with GS Capital Partners, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/15/21 

10.17 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between DarkPulse, Inc. and GS Capital Partners, LLC dated January 10, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/15/19 

10.18 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between DarkPulse, Inc. and Crown Bridge Partners, LLC dated February 5, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/14/19 

10.19 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc. dated September 2, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.03 
 
 4/15/21 

10.20 
 
 Consulting Agreement effective December 23, 2020 with Faisal Farooqui 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.04 
 
 4/15/21 

10.21 
 
 Assignment Agreement with the University of New Brunswick, Canada 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.05 
 
 4/15/21 

10.22 
 
 Convertible Debenture (Secured) Issued April 24, 2017 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.06 
 
 4/15/21 

10.23 
 
 Finder s Fee Agreement dated January 8, 2021 with J.H. Darbie Co., Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/17/21 

10.24 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of April 26, 2021 with FIRSTFIRE GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/16/21 

10.25 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated April 26, 2021 to FIRSTFIRE GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/16/21 

10.26 
 
 Heads of Terms with Remote Intelligence LLC and Unleash Live, Inc. dated May 10, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/16/21 

10.27 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Dr. Joseph Catalino Jr. dated May 17, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.4 
 
 8/16/21 

10.28 
 
 Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC dated June 3, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.5 
 
 8/16/21 

10.29 
 
 Letter of Intent with Remote Intelligence, Limited Liability Company dated June 8, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.6 
 
 8/16/21 

10.30 
 
 Letter of Intent with Wildlife Specialists, LLC dated June 8, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.7 
 
 8/16/21 

10.31 
 
 Teaming Agreement with Crae-Con Construction Inc. dated June 22, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.8 
 
 8/16/21 

10.32 
 
 Teaming Agreement with SurSafe LLC dated June 24, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.9 
 
 8/16/21 

10.33 
 
 Letter of Intent with TerraData Unmanned, PLLC dated June 25, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.10 
 
 8/16/21 

10.34 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated effective July 22, 2021 with Rick Gibson 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/15/21 

10.35 
 
 Engagement Agreement and Terms and Conditions dated August 3, 2021 with Energy Industrial Advisory Partners, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/15/21 

10.36 
 
 Letter of Intent dated June 8, 2021 with Remote Intelligence, Limited Liability Company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.4 
 
 11/15/21 

55 

10.37 
 
 Letter of Intent dated June 8, 2021 with Wildlife Specialists, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.5 
 
 11/15/21 

10.38 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2021 with Optilan Guernsey Limited and Optilan Holdco 2 Limited 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.6 
 
 11/15/21 

10.39 
 
 Subscription Agreement August 9, 2021 with Optilan HoldCo 3 Limited 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.7 
 
 11/15/21 

10.40 
 
 Letter of Intent dated effective August 18, 2021 with TJM Electronics West, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.8 
 
 11/15/21 

10.41 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated August 30, 2021 with Remote Intelligence, Limited Liability Company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.9 
 
 11/15/21 

10.42 
 
 Membership Purchase Agreement dated August 24, 2022 with Remote Intelligence, Limited Liability Company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/4/22 

10.42 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated August 30, 2021 with Wildlife Specialists, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.10 
 
 11/15/21 

10.44 
 
 Membership Purchase Agreement dated August 24, 2022 with Wildlife Specialists, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/4/22 

10.43 
 
 Letter of Intent dated June 25, 2021 with TerraData Unmanned, PLLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.11 
 
 11/15/21 

10.44 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Letter of Intent with TerraData Unmanned, PLLC dated effective August 24, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.12 
 
 11/15/21 

10.45 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Letter of Intent with TerraData Unmanned, PLLC dated effective September 3, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.13 
 
 11/15/21 

10.46 
 
 Amendment to Letter of Intent with TJM Electronics West, Inc. dated effective August 31, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.14 
 
 11/15/21 

10.47 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 8, 2021 with TJM Electronics West, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.15 
 
 11/15/21 

10.48 
 
 Research Agreement dated September 21, 2021 with the Arizona Board of Regents 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.16 
 
 11/15/21 

10.49 
 
 Membership Purchase Agreement with TerraData Unmanned, PLLC dated effective October 1, 2021 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-261453 
 
 10.48 
 
 12/1/21 

10.50 
 
 Teaming Agreement with CADG Engineering Pte Ltd dated effective October 5, 2021 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-261453 
 
 10.49 
 
 12/1/21 

10.51 
 
 Equity Financing Agreement with GHS Investments LLC dated November 9, 2021 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-261453 
 
 10.50 
 
 12/1/21 

10.52 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement with GHS Investments LLC dated November 9, 2021 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-261453 
 
 10.51 
 
 12/1/21 

10.53 
 
 Investor Relations Agreement dated December 15, 2021 with RedChip Companies, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.53 
 
 4/15/22 

10.54 
 
 Equity Financing Agreement with GHS Investments LLC dated May 27, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-265401 
 
 10.54 
 
 6/3/22 

10.55 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement with GHS Investments LLC dated May 27, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-265401 
 
 10.55 
 
 6/3/22 

10.56 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Equity Financing Agreement with GHS Investments LLC dated June 1, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-265401 
 
 10.56 
 
 6/3/22 

10.57 
 
 Distributorship Agreement dated effective June 13, 2022 with Multi Net Egypt for Trading 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.2 
 
 6/13/22 

10.58 
 
 Employment Agreement dated effective April 1, 2022 with Dennis O Leary 
 
 10.2 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/10/22 

10.59 
 
 Joint Cooperation Contract dated July 5, 2022 with Salman International Company 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.2 
 
 7/6/22 

10.60 
 
 Exclusive Commercial Agency Agreement dated July 27, 2022 with Gulf Automation Services Oilfield Supplies Company [Gasos] LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/4/22 

56 

10.61 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated June 1, 2022 with Dr Ehab M. Eldemeri 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-18730 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/10/22 

10.62 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement dated September 9, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 99.1 
 
 9/12/22 

10.63 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated October 12, 2022 with Gladstone Sponsor, LLC and Gladstone Acquisition Corp. 

X 
 
 10.64 
 
 Assignment, Assumption, Release and Waiver of the Letter Agreement dated October 12, 2022 with Gladstone Sponsor, LLC and Gladstone Acquisition Corp. 

X 
 
 10.65 
 
 Joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement dated October 12, 2022 with Gladstone Acquisition Corp . 

X 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Boyle CPA Dated January 28, 2022 Regarding Change in Certifying Accountant 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 16.1 
 
 1/28/22 

16.2 
 
 Letter from Urish Popeck Co., LLC Dated January 4, 2023 Regarding Change in Certifying Accountant 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 16.1 
 
 1/4/23 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-18730 
 
 21.1 
 
 4/15/21 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

____________ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

# Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation
S-K Item 601. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

Dated: June 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dennis M. O Leary 

Dennis M. O Leary 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
indicated on this 22nd day of June, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Dennis M. O Leary 
 Dennis M. O Leary 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 June 23, 2023 

/s/ Dr. Anthony Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 June 23, 2023 
 
 Dr. Anthony Brown 

/s/ Craig Atkin 
 
 Director 
 
 June 23, 2023 
 
 Craig Atkin 

58 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

Index to Financial Statements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
(Mazars USA LLP, Fort Washington, PA., (PCAOB ID 2022 
 F-1 - F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Urish
Popeck Co., LLC, PCAOB ID 1013) 2021 
 F-3 - F-4 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 F-9 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-10 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-11 

59 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of DarkPulse,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of DarkPulse, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive loss, stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows. The Company also has an accumulated deficit of approximately 46.6 million
at December 31, 2022. The Company is dependent on obtaining additional working capital funding from the sale of equity and/or debt securities
to execute its plans and continue operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken
as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters
or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue Recognition 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of services, which consist primarily of advanced technology solutions for integrated communications
and security systems. At contract inception, the Company assesses the goods and services promised in the contract with customers and identifies
a performance obligation for each, in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. To determine the performance obligation,
the Company considers all products and services promised in the contract. Revenue is recognized over time using the input measure as it
most accurately represents the value of goods and services transferred to the customer. 

F- 1 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: 

We reviewed the underlying agreements and contracts
and assessed the terms to determine if the performance obligation was met and for the correct amount. 
 
 We recalculated the mathematical accuracy of
the revenue. 
 
 We tested the contract costs to ensure they are
being properly recorded. 
 
 We assessed the adequacy of any loss provisions
by reviewing the Company s estimated costs to complete contracts and to ensure it is sufficient. 
 We recalculated the margins on contracts to ensure they are consistent
over the entire term of the contract and its related performance obligation. 

Impairment Analysis 

As discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements,
management performed their annual impairment analysis during the year ended December 31, 2022. As disclosed by management, the determination
of fair value using the income approach requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including forecasted revenue growth
rates and discount rates. The determination of fair value using the market multiples approach requires the use of revenue multiples, as
applicable, based on operating data from guideline publicly traded companies. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its
carrying value, a non-cash impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to that difference with the loss not to exceed the total amount
of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. Additionally, intangible assets subject to amortization were also reviewed for impairment.
An impairment on the intangible assets shall be recognized only if the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value.
The carrying amount of an intangible asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result
from the use and eventual disposal of the asset. An impairment loss shall be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of an
intangible asset exceeds its fair value. 

As a result of the annual impairment assessment,
the Company concluded that there was impairment to the intangible assets and goodwill in the aggregate of approximately 12.2 million. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the impairment analyses is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management
when developing the fair value measurements of the reporting unit, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity
and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management's significant assumptions related to forecasted
revenue growth rates, discount rates, and revenue multiples, as applicable. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included, among others (1) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the reporting units, (2) evaluating
the allocation of assets and liabilities to the reporting units, (3) evaluating the appropriateness of the income and market approaches,
(4) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the income and market multiple approaches, and (5) evaluating
the significant assumptions used by management related to forecasted revenue growth rates, discount rates, and revenue multiples, as applicable.
Evaluating management s assumptions related to forecasted revenue growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used
by management were reasonable considering (1) the current and past performance of the reporting unit, (2) the actions necessary to achieve
future forecasts, (3) the consistency with external market data, and (4) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained
in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the income approach
and the discount rates, as well as the selection and calculation of revenue multiples, as applicable. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: 

We evaluated and recomputed the methodology used
in connection with the Company s impairment analysis, including review of the appropriate accounting literature, valuation model,
significant assumptions used, and the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used; 
 
 With the assistance of our valuation specialists,
we assessed the significant assumptions used by management relating to forecasted revenue growth rates, discount rates, and revenue multiples
as applicable.; 
 
 We assessed the appropriate interpretation and
application used by management of the FASB s Accounting Standards Codification for the impairment analysis including topics ASC
350 - Intangibles Goodwill and Other , ASC 360 - Property, Plant, and Equipment , and ASC 820 Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures; 
 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s
projections of future cash flows by comparing the assumptions used in the projections to actual results and other information deemed necessary
as well as tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations; 
 We evaluated the adequacy of the Company s disclosures in the
financial statements related to the impairment. 

/s/ 

We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

June 23,
2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 Of DarkPulse, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of DarkPulse, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2021 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern See also Critical Audit Matters Section Below 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency at December 31, 2021. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate) to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Accounting for Embedded Derivative Liabilities
Related to Convertible Debentures 

As described in Note 6 to the financial statements,
the Company had convertible debentures that required accounting considerations and significant estimates. 

The Company determined that variable conversion features
issued in connection with certain convertible debentures required derivative liability classification. These variable conversion features
were initially measured at fair value and subsequently have been remeasured to fair value at each reporting period. The Company determined
the fair value of the embedded derivatives using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. The value of the embedded derivative liabilities
related to the convertible debentures was 533,753 at December 31, 2021. 

We identified the accounting considerations and related
valuations, including the related fair value determinations of the embedded derivative liabilities of such as a critical audit matter. 

Our audit procedures related to the Company s
accounting considerations and significant estimate included the following, among others: 

We reviewed the accounting considerations made by the Company in determining the nature of the various features; 

We evaluated of the potential derivatives and potential bifurcation in the instruments; 

We evaluated the determination of the fair value of the various debt and equity instruments and the conversion features that include valuation models and assumptions utilized by management against current accounting guidance. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations related to the estimate. 

Auditing these elements is especially challenging
and requires auditor judgement due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of
specialized skill or knowledge needed. 

Going Concern Uncertainty See also Going
Concern Uncertainty explanatory paragraph above 

As described further in Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and does not have an established source of revenues sufficient
to cover its operating costs. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on executing its business plan and
ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, the Company has determined that these factors raise substantial doubt as to the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. Management
intends to continue to fund its business by way of public or private offerings of the Company s stock or through loans from private
investors, in order satisfy the Company s obligations as they come due for at least one year from the financial statement issuance
date. However, the Company has not concluded that these plans alleviate the substantial doubt related to its ability to continue as a
going concern. 

We determined the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern is a critical audit matter due to the estimation and uncertainty regarding the Company s available capital and
the risk of bias in management s judgments and assumptions in their determination. Our audit procedures related to the Company s
assertion on its ability to continue as a going concern included the following, among others: 

We performed testing procedures such as analytical procedures to identify conditions and events that indicate that there could be substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We reviewed and evaluated management's plans for dealing with adverse effects of these conditions and events. 

We inquired of Company management and reviewed company records to assess whether there are additional factors that contribute to the uncertainties disclosed. 

We assessed whether the Company s determination that there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern was adequately disclosed. 

F- 4 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control
of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. 

Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in
determining revenue recognition for customer agreements, and include the pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized)
for each distinct performance obligation. 

The related audit effort in evaluating management s
judgments in determining revenue recognition for customer agreements required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company s
revenue recognition for customer agreements included the following: 

We gained an understanding of internal controls related to revenue recognition. 

We evaluated management s significant accounting policies for reasonableness. 

We selected a sample of revenues recognized and performed the following procedures: 

o 
 Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection and other documents that were part of the agreement, if applicable. 

o 
 Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 

o 
 We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. 

Business Combinations Valuation of Intangible
Assets 

As described in note 4 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Company completed the acquisitions of 100 of Optilan Guernsey Limited and Optilan Holdco 2 Limited (Optilan) and TJM
Electronics West for 694,527 and 450,000, respectively and 60 of Wildlife Specialists LLC, Remote Intelligence, LLC and TerraData Unmanned,
PLLC for 1,478,000 and 1,478,000, and 600,000 respectively (collectively referred to as the Acquisitions and accounted
for as business combinations. The acquired intangible assets included Optilan Holdco 3, Limited tradename for valued at 4,033,638. The
Company recorded the acquired intangible assets at fair value on the date of acquisition considering a discounted cash flow methodology.
The methods used to estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets involve assumptions. The assumptions applied by management in
estimating the fair value of acquired intangible assets included income projections and discount rates. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the valuation of intangible assets in the Acquisitions is a critical audit matter are (1) there
was a degree in significant auditor judgement and subjectivity in applying procedures to the fair value of the intangible assets acquired
due to the judgment by management when developing estimates and (2) audit effort was required relating to the estimates, projections,
discount rates, and weighted average cost of capital utilized by the Company. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the conclusions. 

Our principal audit procedures to evaluate the valuation
of intangible assets included the following: 

We read the purchase agreements used in the underlying acquisitions and utilized by the Company to allocate the purchase price. 

We obtained the valuation reports prepared by management s third-party expert. 

Utilized professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to evaluate the reasonableness of the methodology, assumptions, including the discount rate and weighted average cost of capital, as compared to their experience and publicly available market data. 

Considered the reasonableness of the overall allocation of the total purchase price. 

/s/ Urish Popeck Co., LLC 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

 Pittsburgh, PA 

 April 15, 2022 

F- 5 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Contract assets 

Due from related party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Patents, net 

Notes receivable, related party 

Investment in related party (see Note 17) 

Joint venture 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets, net 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Loss provision for contracts in progress 

Convertible notes, net 

Notes payable, current 

Derivative liability 

Loan payable, current 

Loan payable, related party 

Secured debenture, current 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Other current liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Secured debenture 

Loan payable 

Operating lease liabilities - non-current 

Other liabilities - non-current 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY: 

Series A Super Voting preferred stock, par value ; 
 shares designated, 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Convertible preferred stock - Series D, par value ,
 
 shares designated, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value , 
 shares authorized, 
 and 
 shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and shares outstanding as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock at cost, 
 shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Non-controlling interests 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 

OPERATING (INCOME) EXPENSES: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Salaries, wages and payroll taxes 

Professional fees 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment expense 

Gain on forgiveness of payables 

Debt transaction expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest expense 

Change in fair market of derivative liabilities 

Gain on forgiveness of liabilities 

Loss on equity investment 

Loss on convertible notes 

Foreign currency exchange rate variance 

TOTAL OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

NET LOSS 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Darkpulse, Inc. 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Loss 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 NET LOSS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Foreign currency translation 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

 Consolidated Statement
of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Preferred stock 

Additional 
 Non- 
 Accumulated other 
 
 Total stockholders 

Series A 
 Series D 
 Common stock 
 Treasury stock 
 paid-in 
 Controlling 
 comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 (deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Interests 
 loss 
 deficit 
 equity 
 
 B alance, December 31, 2020 

Conversion of convertible notes 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock issued for acquisitions 

Stock based compensation 

Foreign currency adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common shares returned and cancelled 

Issuance of common stock to settle accounts payable 

Issuance of preferred shares 

Foreign currency adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on forgiveness of payables and liabilities 

Gain on forgiveness of liabilities 

Change in fair market of derivative liabilities 

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 

Loss on equity investment 

Loan acquisition costs 

Stock based compensation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Loss provision for contracts in progress 

Operating lease liabilities, net 

Other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Investment in related party 

Investment in joint venture 

Issuance of note receivable, related party 

Advances to related party 

Business acquisitions, net of cash received 

Capitalized patents 

Deposits 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of fees 

Proceeds from convertible debentures 

Repayments of convertible debentures 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Net Repayments of loan payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash financing and investing activities: 

Issuance of common stock per TerraData Acquisition 

Issuance of common stock for convertible notes payable and interest 

Issuance of common stock for Wildlife Specialists and Remote Intelligence 

Non-controlling interest for Wildlife Specialists and Remote Intelligence 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 For the Years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

 in assets and assumed liabilities totaling . As of August
9, 2021, the Company owns all of the equity interests of Optilan. Refer to Note 4 for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Optilan. 

On August
30, 2021, the Company closed two separate Membership Interest Purchase Agreements with Remote Intelligence, Limited Liability Company,
a Pennsylvania limited liability company RI and Wildlife Specialists, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company WS pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay to the majority shareholder of each of RI and WS an aggregate of
 
 shares of the Company s Common Stock and 
 in exchange for 
ownership of each of RI and WS. 

On September
8, 2021, the Company entered into and closed the Stock Purchase Agreement with TJM Electronics West, Inc., an Arizona corporation TJM ),
and TJM s shareholders, pursuant to which we agreed to purchase all of the equity interests in TJM in exchange for . 

Effective
October 1, 2021 the Company entered into and closed the Membership Purchase Agreement with TerraData Unmanned, PLLC, a Florida
limited liability company TerraData ), and Justin Dee, the sole shareholder of TerraData, pursuant to which the
Company agreed to purchase 
of the equity interests in TerraData in exchange for 
shares of the Company s Common Stock and . 

The Company evaluates its relationships with other
entities to identify whether they are variable interest entities VIE as defined by Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ), and
to assess whether it is the primary beneficiary of such entities. If the determination is made that the Company is the primary beneficiary,
then that entity is consolidated. 

of cash held at the US entities in excess of federally insured limits. 

and , respectively. 

Accounts receivable
includes retainage amounts for the portion of the contract price earned by us for work performed but held for payment by the customer
as a form of security until we reach certain construction milestones or complete the project. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, retainage
receivable was 824,777 and 497,773, respectively. 

US : GBP, average rate at 
US :GBP, and closing rate of 
US :CAD. 

The
relevant translation rates are as follows: for the year ended December 31, 2021 a closing rate at US :
GBP, average rate at US :GBP
and for the Optilan acquisition closing rate at 
US : GBP. 

Plant and equipment 

Leasehold Improvements 

Motor vehicles 

In accordance
with ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedient ,
which is to (1) clarify the objective of the collectability criterion for applying paragraph 606-10-25-7; (2) permit an entity to exclude
amounts collected from customers for all sales (and other similar) taxes from the transaction price; (3) specify that the measurement
date for noncash consideration is contract inception; (4) provide a practical expedient that permits an entity to reflect the aggregate
effect of all modifications that occur before the beginning of the earliest period presented when identifying the satisfied and unsatisfied
performance obligations, determining the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to the satisfied and unsatisfied performance
obligations; (5) clarify that a completed contract for purposes of transition is a contract for which all (or substantially all) of the
revenue was recognized under legacy GAAP before the date of initial application, and (6) clarify that an entity that retrospectively applies
the guidance in Topic 606 to each prior reporting period is not required to disclose the effect of the accounting change for the period
of adoption. The amendments of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those
fiscal years. There was no impact as a result of adopting this ASU on the financial statements and related disclosures. Based on the terms
and conditions of the product arrangements, the Company believes that its products and services can be accounted for separately as its
products and services have value to the Company s customers on a stand-alone basis. When a transaction involves more than one product
or service, revenue is allocated to each deliverable based on its relative fair value; otherwise, revenue is recognized as products are
delivered or as services are provided over the term of the customer contract. 

of gross accounts receivable. 

and ,
respectively, attributable to non-controlling interests. 

. 

Series D preferred stock 

and 
 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
and net cash used in operating activities of 
 and ,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by 
 and an accumulated deficit of .
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of
cash. 

The
Company will require additional funding during the next twelve months to finance the growth of its current operations and achieve
its strategic objectives. These factors, as well as the uncertain conditions that the Company faces relative to capital raising
activities, create substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is seeking to
raise additional capital principally through private placement offerings and is targeting strategic partners in an effort to
finalize the development of its products and begin generating revenues. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is
dependent upon the success of future capital offerings or alternative financing arrangements or expansion of its operations. The
accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable
to continue as a going concern. Management is actively pursuing additional sources of financing sufficient to generate enough cash
flow to fund its operations for twelve months from the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. However, management
cannot make any assurances that such financing will be secured. 

in assets and assumed liabilities totaling .
 As shown below, this purchase price consideration is nominal and it was considered 0 for accounting
purposes. As of August 9, 2021, the Company owns all of the equity interests of Optilan. 

The Company
has accounted for the purchase using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations under ASC 805. Accordingly, the purchase
price has been allocated to the underlying assets and liabilities in proportion to their respective fair values. The excess of the consideration
transferred over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The following table summarizes the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities for the fair value of the assets and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 
 4,619,381 

Inventory 
 2,040,887 

Property equipment 
 1,393,274 

Right-of-use assets 
 1,385,825 
 (694,527 

Unbilled revenue 
 540,321 
 779,483 

Intangible assets: 

Trade name 
 
 4,033,638 

Goodwill 
 12,181,350 
 (1,830,489 

Total assets 
 22,891,215 
 2,288,105 

Accounts payable 
 11,622,018 
 (174,846 

Contract deposits 
 3,168,493 

Contract liabilities, current 
 4,139,193 

Lease liabilities, current 
 141,730 

Other current liabilities 
 2,496,725 
 3,157,478 

Lease liabilities, noncurrent 
 628,529 

Total purchase consideration 
 694,527 
 (694,527 

Wildlife
Specialists, LLC and Remote Intelligence, LLC 

On August 30, 2021, the Company closed two
separate Membership Interest Purchase Agreements (the MPAs with Remote Intelligence, Limited Liability
Company, a Pennsylvania limited liability company RI and Wildlife Specialists, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited
liability company WS pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay to the majority shareholder of each of RI
and WS an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s common stock (at the fair value of 0.07 per share), 500,000 to be paid on the closing date, and an
additional 500,000 to be paid 12 weeks from closing date in exchange for 
ownership of each of RI and WS. RI and WS are now subsidiaries of the Company. 

The Company
has accounted for the purchase using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations under ASC 805. Accordingly, the purchase
price has been allocated to the underlying assets and liabilities in proportion to their respective fair values. The excess of the consideration
transferred over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The following table summarizes the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities for the fair value of the assets and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition: 

Common stock 

Purchase price 

The allocation
of the total purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed by DarkPulse based on the estimated
fair values as of August 29, 2021 was as follows: 

Accounts receivable 
 161,866 
 170,486 

Other current assets 
 600 
 20,947 

Property equipment 
 99,490 
 (77,945 

Goodwill 
 1,191,085 
 1,597,593 

Total assets 
 1,486,951 
 1,704,983 

Assumed liabilities 
 393,651 
 334,950 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 985,333 

Total Consideration for 60 of equity interests 
 1,478,000 

TJM Electronics
West, Inc. 

On
September 8, 2021, the Company entered into and closed the Stock Purchase Agreement with TJM Electronics West, Inc., an Arizona corporation TJM ), and TJM s shareholders, pursuant to which we agreed to purchase all of the equity interests in TJM in
exchange for . TJM is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The Company
has accounted for the purchase using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations under ASC 805. Accordingly, the purchase
price has been allocated to the underlying assets and liabilities in proportion to their respective fair values. The excess of the consideration
transferred over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The following table summarizes the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities for the fair value of the assets and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition: 

Property equipment 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Total Consideration 

TerraData
Unmanned, PLLC 

Effective
October 1, 2021 the Company entered into and closed the Membership Purchase Agreement (the TerraData MPA with
TerraData Unmanned, PLLC, a Florida limited liability company TerraData ), and Justin Dee, the sole shareholder
of TerraData, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase 
of the equity interests in TerraData in exchange for 
shares of the Company s Common Stock (at the fair value of 0.05 per share) ,
subject to adjustments as defined in the TerraData MPA, to be paid within 12 weeks of closing. TerraData is now a subsidiary of the
Company. The shares were issued to Justin Dee during 2022. 

The Company
has accounted for the purchase using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations under ASC 805. Accordingly, the purchase
price has been allocated to the underlying assets and liabilities in proportion to their respective fair values. The excess of the consideration
transferred over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The following table summarizes the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities for the fair value of the assets and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition: 

Common stock 

Purchase price 

The allocation
of the total purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the Company based on the fair values
as of October 1, 2021 was as follows: 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Assumed liabilities 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Consideration for 60 of equity interests 

Unaudited
Supplemental Pro Forma Data 

Unaudited pro
forma results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as though the Company acquired Optilan, Wildlife Specialists, Remote
Intelligence, TJM Electronic West and TerraData Unmanned (the Acquired Companies on the first day of each fiscal year
are set forth below. 

Pro forma operating income 

Pro forma net income 

Pro forma net income attributable to DarkPulse 

Pro forma net income per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Services and products transferred over time 

Total revenue 

The Company
disaggregates revenue by source and geographic destination to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash
flows are affected by economic factors. 

Revenue by source
consisted of the following for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Services 

Total revenue 

Revenue by
geographic destination consisted of the following for the for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

United Kingdom 

Rest of world 

Total revenue 

Contracts 

Contract revenue
is recognized over time using the cost-to-cost measure of progress for fixed price contracts. The cost-to-cost measure of progress best
depicts the continuous transfer of control of goods or services to the customer. The contractual terms provide that the customer compensates
the Company for services rendered. 

Contract costs
include all direct materials, labor and subcontracted costs, as well as indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect
labor, supplies, tools, repairs and the costs of capital equipment. The cost estimation and review process for recognizing revenue over
time under the cost-to- cost method is based on the professional knowledge and experience of the Company s project managers, engineers
and financial professionals. Management reviews estimates of total contract transaction price and total project costs on an ongoing basis.
Changes in job performance, job conditions and management s assessment of expected variable consideration are factors that influence
estimates of the total contract transaction price, total costs to complete those contracts and profit recognition. Changes in these factors
could result in revisions to revenue and costs of revenue in the period in which the revisions are determined on a prospective basis,
which could materially affect the Company s consolidated results of operations for that period. Provisions for losses on uncompleted
contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses are determined. 

Performance
Obligations 

A performance
obligation is a contractual promise to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account under Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 606. The transaction price of a contract is allocated to distinct performance obligations
and recognized as revenue when or as the performance obligations are satisfied. The Company s contracts often require significant
integrated services and, even when delivering multiple distinct services, are generally accounted for as a single performance obligation.
Contract amendments and change orders are generally not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integrated service
provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as a modification of the existing contract and performance obligation. The
majority of the Company s performance obligations are completed within one year. 

When more than
one contract is entered into with a customer on or close to the same date, the Company evaluates whether those contracts should be combined
and accounted for as a single contract as well as whether those contracts should be accounted for as more than one performance obligation.
This evaluation requires significant judgment and is based on the facts and circumstances of the various contracts, which could change
the amount of revenue and profit recognition in a given period depending upon the outcome of the evaluation. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had backlog
of approximately . During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was approximately in revenue recognized pertaining
to backlog as of December 31, 2021. 

Contract Assets and Liabilities 

The Company bill its customers based
on contractual terms, including, milestone billings based on the completion of certain phases of the work. Sometimes, billing occurs after
revenue recognition, resulting in unbilled revenue, which is accounted for as a contract asset. Sometimes the Company receives advances
payments from our customers before revenue is recognized, resulting in deferred revenue, which is accounted for as a contract liability. 

Contract assets in the consolidated
balance sheets represents costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings, which arise when revenue has been recorded but the amount
has not been billed. 

Contract assets consist of the following : 

Total contract assets 

Contract liabilities consist of
the following: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 

Total contract liabilities 

The following
table is a summary of the Company s activity of contract liabilities related to contracts with customers. 

Additions through advance billings to or payments from vendors 

Additions through business acquisition 

Revenue recognized from current period advance billings to or payments from vendors 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additions through advance billings to or payments from vendors 

Revenue recognized from current period advance billings to or payments from vendors 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Variable Consideration 

Transaction
pricing for the Company s contracts may include variable consideration, such as unapproved change orders, claims, incentives and
liquidated damages. Management estimates variable consideration for a performance obligation utilizing estimation methods that best predict
the amount of consideration to which the Company will be entitled. Variable consideration is included in the estimated transaction price
to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated
with the variable consideration is resolved. Management s estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include
estimated amounts in transaction price are based on past practices with the customer, specific discussions, correspondence or preliminary
negotiations with the customer, legal evaluations and all other relevant information that is reasonably available. The effect of a change
in variable consideration on the transaction price of a performance obligation is typically recognized as an adjustment to revenue on
a cumulative catch-up basis. To the extent unapproved change orders, claims and liquidated damages reflected in transaction price are
not resolved in the Company s favor, or to the extent incentives reflected in transaction price are not earned, there could be reductions
in, or reversals of, previously recognized revenue. 

Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Leasehold improvements 

Property and equipment at cost 

Less - accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Business combinations 

Foreign exchange translation 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Impairment (see Note 2) 

Foreign exchange translation 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

Intangible
Assets, Net 

In
connection with the Optilan acquisition, the Company recognized an intangible asset, a trade name, of .
The trade name has a useful life of . 

During
the Company s impairment analysis at December 31, 2022 (see Note 2), the Company recorded impairment of the trade name of . 

The
following is a summary of intangible assets, net: 

Impairment 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Foreign exchange translation 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortization expense was and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Future amortization
expense as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future amortization expense 

Patents
- Intrusion Detection Intellectual Property 

The Company
relies on patent laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect its intellectual property rights. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company held three U.S. and foreign patents on its intrusion detection technology, which expire in calendar years 2025 through 2034 (depending
on the payment of maintenance fees). 

The DPTI issued
patents cover a System and Method for Brillouin Analysis, a System and Method for Resolution Enhancement of a Distributed Sensor, and
a Flexible Fiber Optic Deformation System Sensor and Method. Maintenance of intellectual property rights and the protection thereof is
important to our business. Any patents that may be issued may not sufficiently protect the Company's intellectual property and third parties
may challenge any issued patents. Other parties may independently develop similar or competing technology or design around any patents
that may be issued to the Company. The Company cannot be certain that the steps it has taken will prevent the misappropriation of its
intellectual property, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect proprietary rights as fully as in the United States.
Further, the Company may be required to enforce its intellectual property or other proprietary rights through litigation, which, regardless
of success, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management's attention. Additionally, there may be existing patents of
which the Company is unaware that could be pertinent to its business, and it is not possible to know whether there are patent applications
pending that the Company's products might infringe upon, since these applications are often not publicly available until a patent is issued
or published. 

For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had patent amortization costs on its intrusion detection technology totaling and
 , respectively. Patents costs are being amortized over the remaining life of each patent, which is from . 

The following
is a summary of the DPTI patents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Patents, net 

Future
expected amortization of patents is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total patents 

ownership in NSI. The Company determined that the investment was accounted for as an equity investment
under ASC 323-10-30-2. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
contributed to the joint venture and recorded a loss on the equity investment of . 

Accrued liabilities 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Carebourn 

More Capital 

EMA 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, change in fair value of the derivative liability was 
 and ,
respectively. The following is a summary of the change in derivative liability: 

On April
26, 2021, the Company entered a Securities Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights with FIRSTFIRE GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the FirstFire ), pursuant to which the Company issued to FirstFire a
Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 
(the FirstFire Note ). The purchase price of the FirstFire Note is .
The FirstFire Note matures on upon which time all accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable. Interest accrues on the FirstFire Note
at 
per annum guaranteed until the FirstFire Note becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or
otherwise. The FirstFire Note is convertible at any time after 180 days from issuance, upon the election of the FirstFire, into
shares of the Company s Common Stock at 
per share. The FirstFire Note is subject to various Events of Default, which are disclosed in the FirstFire Note. Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default, the conversion price would become .
On November 17, 2021, FirstFire converted 825,000 of principal and 61,875 of interest into 177,375,000 shares of common
stock. 

On December
31, 2021, the Company commenced an action against FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC, and Eli Fireman Fireman in
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleges that FirstFire is an unregistered dealer
acting in violation of Section 15(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act ), and that the Company is entitled
to rescissionary relief from certain convertible promissory notes and securities purchase agreements entered into by the Company and FirstFire
pursuant to Section 29(b) of the Act. The complaint also asserts claims against Fireman for control person liability under Section 20(a)
of the Act, unjust enrichment of FirstFire, and constructive trust against FirstFire. 

On May 19,
2021, the Company entered into a Stipulation of Settlement with four note holders pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay 
to the note holders. 

On June 3,
2021, the Company entered into a Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Auctus
agreed to convert the Promissory Note issued on September 25, 2018 by the Company to the Lender in the principal amount of 
 (the Auctus Note into 12,500,000 shares of the Company s
Common stock (the Auctus Shares as consideration for full and complete satisfaction of and settlement of the Auctus
Note, which also terminates all obligations owing under both the Auctus Note and the corresponding Securities Purchase Agreement dated
September 25, 2018 between the Company and Auctus. Auctus also agreed to limit the resales of the Auctus Shares in the public market
to no more than 2,500,000 shares per calendar week until all of the Auctus Shares have been sold. 

As of both
December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, there was 
 of convertible debt outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, there was derivative
liability of and
 related
to convertible debt securities. 

As of December
31, 2022, all outstanding convertible debt is default. 

Notes
Payable 

On July
14, 2021, the Company entered a Securities Purchase Agreement (the GS SPA with GS Capital Partners, LLC
pursuant to which the Company issued to the Lender a 6 Redeemable Note in the principal amount of 
(the GS Note ). The purchase price of the GS Note is .
The GS Note matures on upon which time all accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable. Interest accrues on the GS Note
at 
per annum until the GS Note becomes due and payable. The GS Note is subject to various Events of Default, which are
disclosed in the GS Note. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the interest rate on the GS Note will be 18 .
The GS Note is not convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock and is not dilutive to existing or future
shareholders and the Company used a portion of the proceeds of the GS Note to retire convertible debt. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, 2,000,000 remains outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the
GS note is in default. 

Loans
Payable 

The Company s
RI and WS subsidiaries have various loans including Small Business Association SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL loans, lines of credit and other advances. The loans bear interest with varying rates up to 9.25 per annum. The following is a summary
of the loans payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

RI - Short-term loans 

WS - line of credit 

WS - Short-term loans 

Loans payable, current 

RI - SBA EIDL 

RI - long-term loans 

WS - SBA EIDL 

WS - long-term loans 

Loans payable, non-current 

The CARES Act
extended COVID relief funding for qualified small businesses under the EIDL assistance program. In 2020, RI and WS were approved by the
SBA and received proceeds of 103,100 and 26,700, respectively. The EIDL loans mature in thirty years from the effective date of the
loan and has a fixed interest rate of 3.75 per annum . 

In August 2020,
WS entered into a line of credit for 100,000, which was amended and extended to a principal amount of 200,000 in 2021. The loan is due
on demand and bears interest at the prime rate index and 1.00 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was 200,000
and 175,331, respectively. 

In March 2019,
RI entered into a line of credit for 45,000, which was amended and extended to a principal amount of 100,000 in 2021. The loan is due
on demand and bears interest at the prime rate index and 1.00 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was 99,971 and
 83,030, respectively. 

Future
minimum required payments over the next 5 years and thereafter are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum payments 

and ,
respectively. 

As of December
31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the debenture liability totaled . 

Future
minimum required payments over the next 5 years and thereafter are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total debt 

Liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease 

Operating lease, net of current portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The weighted
average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating
Leases 

On January 12,
2021, the Company s newly acquired subsidiary entered into an operating lease agreement to rent office space in Mumbai, India. This
three-year agreement commenced January 12, 2021 with an annual rent of approximately . 

On May 27, 2021,
the Company s newly acquired subsidiary entered into an operating lease agreement to rent office space in Warwick, United Kingdom.
This ten-year agreement commenced May 27, 2021 with an annual rent of approximately with the first six months rent free. 

On August 31,
2021, the Company s newly acquired subsidiary entered into an operating lease agreement to rent office space in Tempe, Arizona.
This five-year agreement commenced August 31, 2021 with an annual rent of approximately . 

On
October 20, 2021, the Company s newly acquired subsidiary entered into an operating lease agreement to rent office space in Warwick,
United Kingdom. This ten-year agreement commenced October 20, 2021 with an annual rent of approximately with the first six
months rent free. 

On March 9, 2022, the Company entered into an operating
lease agreement to rent office space in Houston, Texas. This ten-year agreement commenced March 9. 2022 with an annual rent of approximately
 with the first twelve months rent free. 

The following
table reconciles future minimum operating lease payments to the discounted lease liability as of December 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and later 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease obligations 

Less current lease obligations 

Long-term lease obligations 

shares of preferred stock, par value 
per share, for all classes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, there were 
and 
total preferred shares issued and outstanding for all classes. 

On December
23, 2021, pursuant to the approval of the Board of Directors and a majority vote of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock, the Company
amended the Certificate of Designation for the Series D Preferred Stock so that each share of Series D Stock is convertible, at the sole
and exclusive election of the holder, into two shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

On June 22, 2022, the Board of Directors of the
Company approved the filing of an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of
Incorporation ), in the form of a Certificate of Designation that authorized for issuance of up to 100 shares of a new series
of Preferred Stock, par value 
per share, of the Company designated Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock and established the rights, preferences and
limitations thereof. The Board authorized the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the authority given to the Board under the
Certificate of Incorporation, which authorizes the issuance of up to 
shares of Preferred Stock, par value 
per share, and authorizes the Board, by resolution, to establish any or all of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, not then
allocated to any series into one or more series and to fix and determine the designation of each such shares, the number of shares
which shall constitute such series and certain preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of each series so
established. 

The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to vote, on a pro-rata basis, on all matters subject to a vote or written consent of the holders of the Company s Common
Stock, and on all such matters, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to the number
of votes that all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and all other securities of the Company are entitled to, as of any such
date of determination, on a fully diluted basis, plus one million (1,000,000) votes, it being the intention that the holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock shall have effective voting control of the Company, on a fully diluted basis. 

Unless approved by a majority vote of the holders
of Common Stock, the Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock will terminate five years after the issuance date, which is June 24, 2027. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 100 shares of Series A preferred stock to the Chief Executive Officer for no consideration
pursuant to above. Pursuant to this, the CEO has the right to a majority of the voting power
of the Company. 

Common
Stock 

In accordance with the Company s bylaws,
the Company has authorized a total of 
shares of common stock, par value 
per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
and 
common shares issued, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and 
common shares outstanding, respectively. 

2021 Transactions 

On January 14, 2021, the Company issued an
aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on September 24, 2018, in the amount of . 

On January 25, 2021, the Company issued an
aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on September 24, 2018, in the amount of . 

On February 1, 2021, the Company issued an
aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on February 12, 2019, in the amount of . 

On February 11, 2021, the Company issued an
aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on September 24, 2018, in the amount of . 

On February 18, 2021, the Company issued an
aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on September 24, 2018, in the amount of 
for principal and 
for interest. 

On April 15, 2021, the Company issued an
aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on October 7, 2020, in the amount of 
and interest of .25. 

On April 30, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock as compensation for loan acquisition costs associated with the note issued on the same date for the amount of
 . 

On June 4, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on September 25, 2018, in the amount of .83
and interest of .61. 

On July
12, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on January 12, 2021, in the amount of . 

On July
14, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on October 7, 2020, in the amount of and
interest of . 

On July
19, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on October 7, 2020, in the amount of and
interest of . 

On August
25, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for . 

On August
31, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for . 

On
September 22, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for . 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock pursuant to two separate Membership Interest Purchase Agreements with Remote Intelligence, and Wildlife
Specialists, LLC. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock as compensation valued at 
for loan acquisition costs associated with proceeds raised. 

On October
1, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for . 

On October
15, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for . 

On October
22, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock as compensation valued at 
for loan acquisition costs associated with proceeds raised. 

On October
25, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock as compensation valued at for
loan acquisition costs associated with proceeds raised. 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the conversion of convertible debt, as issued on April 30, 2021, in the amount of 
and interest of . 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of common stock for . 

2022 Transactions 

On May 27, 2022 we entered an Equity Financing
Agreement (the 2022 EFA and Registration Rights Agreement (the RRA with GHS, pursuant to
which GHS agreed to purchase up to 70,000,000 in shares of our Common Stock, from time to time over the course of 24 months after
effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement of the underlying shares of
Common Stock. 

The RRA provides that we shall (i) use our best efforts
to file with the SEC a Registration Statement within 45 days of the date of the GHS Registration Rights Agreement; and (ii) have the Registration
Statement declared effective by the SEC within 30 days after the date the GHS Registration Statement is filed with the SEC, but in no
event more than 90 days after the GHS Registration Statement is filed. 

Below is a table of all puts made by the Company
under the Equity Financing Agreement and EDFA during 2022: 

1/21/2022 

2/7/2022 

2/23/2022 

3/14/2022 

3/14/2022 

3/23/2022 

4/11/2022 

5/3/2022 

5/13/2022 

5/23/2022 

6/1/2022 

6/16/2022 

6/24/2022 

7/1/2022 

7/11/2022 

7/20/2022 

7/28/2022 

8/10/2022 

8/18/2022 

8/25/2022 

9/2/2022 

9/14/2022 

9/30/2022 

10/14/2022 

11/7/2022 

11/18/2022 

12/2/2022 

12/20/2022 

12/30/2022 

In April
2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock pursuant to a settlement of 
in accounts payable. 

On August 30, 2022, the Company received 
shares of common stock for cancellation from a previous note holder. The shares were cancelled by the Company. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and ,
respectively, in common shares reserved for issuance. 

Stock
Options 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding stock options. 

Foreign: 

Total income (loss) before income taxes 

The provision
 for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 differs from the amount which would be expected as a result
of applying the statutory tax rates to the losses before income taxes due primarily to the valuation allowance to fully reserve net deferred
tax assets. 

The following
table summarizes the significant differences between statutory rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

State taxes 

Foreign rate differential 

Goodwill impairment 
 - 

NOLs carryforward adjustment 

Other 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance: 
 19.67 
 - 

The Company s deferred tax
assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Intangible assets 
 (441,543 

Right of use asset 
 84,256 

Stock based compensation 
 424,681 

Property and equipment 
 248,362 

Other 
 8,227 

Less: Valuation allowance 
 (9,357,049 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

The
Company has approximately of
federal and state net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022. Of the 20.7 million of NOL s, 4.8 million will
begin to expire in 2023 while 15.9 will not expire but will be limited to 80 utilization. The company also has net operating
losses in the UK of 5,045,611 
which will not expire and 636,852 
of net operating loss carryforwards in Canada which will begin to expire in 2038. 

The
Company records a tax valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that it will not be able to recover the value of its
deferred tax assets. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company calculated its estimated annualized effective tax
rate at 
and ,
respectively, for both the United States, Canada and the UK. The Company had 
income tax expense on its losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in valuation allowance
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is an increase of and , respectively. 

The Company
recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely
than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized
in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with
the relevant tax authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued on uncertain tax positions as well as interest received from favorable
tax settlements within interest expense. The Company recognizes penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits within selling, general
and administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no uncertain tax positions. 

The
Company does not anticipate any significant changes to the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months. The
Company files income tax returns in New Brunswick, Canada, and the U.S. federal, New York, and Delaware and the UK jurisdictions. Tax years 2012 to current remain open to examination by Canadian authorities; the tax year 2020
remains open to examination by U.S. authorities. 

More Capital, LLC v. DarkPulse, Inc. et al 

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, the Company remains in active litigation with More Capital, LLC More in Minnesota state
court. There are no material updates to this litigation. 

The Company remains committed to actively litigating
its affirmative defenses and claims for relief under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Minnesota Uniform Securities Act. 

Carebourn Capital et al v. Standard Registrar
and Transfer et al 

On May 20, 2022, Carebourn Capital, L.P. Carebourn and More Capital, LLC More, and together with Carebourn, the Noteholder Plaintiffs commenced an action against
(i) Standard Registrar and Transfer Co., Inc. Standard ), (ii) Amy Merrill Merrill (Standard and Merrill,
together, the TA Defendants ), (iii) DarkPulse, Inc., (iv) Dennis O Leary O Leary ), (v) Thomas
Seifert Seifert ), (vi) Carl Eckel Eckel ), (vii) Anthony Brown Brown ), and (viii) Faisal Farooqui Farooqui (DarkPulse, O Leary, Seifert, Eckel, Brown, and Farooqui, collectively, the DPLS Defendants in the United States District Court for the District of Utah. 

The Noteholder Plaintiffs complaint alleges
the DPLS Defendants violated the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act, are liable for attorneys fees pursuant
to the Company s breach of securities contracts between the Company and, separately, Carebourn and More, and engaged in civil conspiracy,
fraudulent concealment, tortious interference with economic relations and conversion against the Noteholder Plaintiffs. 

Thereafter, the TA Defendants and DPLS Defendants
separately moved to dismiss the Noteholder Plaintiffs complaint. On February 10, 2023, the Court denied both motions without prejudice
and stayed the action pending the conclusion of enforcement action commenced by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission against Carebourn
and its principal, Chip Rice, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota. 

The Company contends that the Noteholder Plaintiffs 
lawsuit is duplicative of the first-filed lawsuits commenced by the Noteholder Plaintiffs in Minnesota state court. The Company
intends to vigorously defend itself against the Noteholder Plaintiffs lawsuit. 

Goodman et al. v. DarkPulse, Inc. 

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, on September 10, 2021, Stephen Goodman, Mark Banash, and David Singer Former Officers commenced suit against the Company in Arizona Superior Court, Maricopa County. 

As of the date hereof, the Company and Former
Officers have entered into a mutual settlement. Thus, the Former Officers lawsuit against the Company has been dismissed with prejudice.
Any expenses or amounts awed have been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and are properly disclosed. 

DarkPulse, Inc. v. FirstFire Global Opportunities
Fund, LLC, and Eli Fireman 

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, the Company remains in active litigation with FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC FirstFire ),
and Eli Fireman Fireman (FirstFire and Fireman together, the FirstFire Parties ). The following discloses
the material updates for this matter. 

On January 17, 2023, the Court granted the FirstFire
Parties motion to dismiss the Company s complaint. Also on January 17, 2023, the Company appealed the trial court s
decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Briefing is currently taking place on the Company s appeal. 

The Company remains committed to actively litigating
its claims for relief under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act. 

DarkPulse, Inc. v. EMA Financial, LLC et al

As disclosed in greater detail in the Company s
Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2022, the Company remains in active litigation with EMA Financial, LLC EMA ), EMA Group, Inc. EMA Group ), and Felicia Preston Preston (EMA, EMA Group, and Preston together, the EMA Parties ).
The following discloses the material updates for this matter. 

On March 1, 2023, the Court granted the EMA Parties 
motion to dismiss the Company s claims asserted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but denied dismissal of the Company s
claim asserted under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act. 

On or about May 15, 2023, the Company and the
EMA Parties reached an understanding of settlement, which was subsequently memorialized. The action was subsequently dismissed on or about
June 14, 2023. 

DarkPulse, Inc. v. Brunson Chandler Jones,
PLLC et al 

On July 8, 2022, the Company commenced litigation
against Brunson Chandler Jones, PLLC Brunson Firm ), and Lance B. Brunson Brunson, and together with
the Brunson Firm, the Brunson Parties through the filing of a complaint in the United States District Court for the District
of Utah. The Company is alleging that the Brunson Parties have committed professional negligence and breach of contract. 

On March 2, 2023, the Brunson Parties filed an
answer, affirmative defenses, and counterclaims to the Company s complaint, wherein the Brunson Firm alleged claims for (i) breach
of contract against the Company, (ii) breach of contract against the Company s subsidiary, DarkPulse Technologies, Inc., and (iii)
quantum meruit. 

On June 5, 2023, the Company filed its answer
and affirmative defenses to the Brunson Firm s counterclaims. The Company remains committed to litigating its claims and affirmative
defenses against the Brunson Parties. 

DarkPulse, Inc., et al v. Crown Bridge Partners,
LLC, et al 

On September 23, 2022, the Company commenced an
action along with two other plaintiffs Crown Bridge Plaintiffs against Crown Bridge Partners, LLC, Soheil Ahdoot, and
Sepas Ahdoot Crown Bridge Defendants in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging
violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act. 

On January 13, 2023, the Crown Bridge Defendants
filed a motion to dismiss. As of May 16, 2023, the Crown Bridge Defendants motion to dismiss was fully submitted to the court.
As of the date hereof, no decision has been made on the motion. 

The Company remains committed to actively litigating
its RICO claims against the Crown Bridge Defendants. 

Benner et al v. DarkPulse, Inc. et al 

On March 29, 2023, J. Merlin Benner, Phillip J.
Benner, Benjamin P. Benner, Jonas M. Benner, and Angelica M. Benner (collectively, the Benner Parties commenced an action
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas against the Company and its Chief Executive Officer, Dennis O Leary,
individually, alleging (i) the Company is in breach of contracts between the Company and the Benner Parties as it concerns Remote Intelligence,
LLC and Wildlife Specialists, LLC, (ii) violation of Texas Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act by the Company, and (iii) defamation by Mr.
O Leary. 

Pursuant to a stipulation entered into by the
parties to this matter, the Company and Mr. O Leary are scheduled to file their answer to the Benner Parties complaint on
or before June 30, 2023. 

GS Capital Partners, LLC v. DarkPulse, Inc. 

On June 2, 2023, GS Capital Partners, LLC GS
Capital commenced an action in the Supreme Court for New York County against the Company through the filing of motion for summary
judgment in lieu of a complaint. The motion claims that the Company is in breach of a convertible promissory note, dated July 14, 2021,
and accompanying securities purchase agreement, dated the same. 

The motion claims that GS Capital is entitled
to an award of 2,407,671, plus prejudgment interest and attorney s fees, costs and disbursements. 

The Company is currently looking to retain legal
counsel to represent it in this matter, and intends to vigorously defend itself against GS Capital. 

The Company intends to vigorously defendant against
the lawsuit. 

From time to time, we may become involved in
litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not currently involved in any pending
legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which
we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

in Directors fees from Optilan for being members of Optilan s Board of Directors with an additional 
accrued but unpaid. 

During the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer advanced personal funds in the amount of 
and 
and for Company expenses. 

Remote Intelligence and Wildlife Specialists
Loan Payables 

RI has a loan payable with the former majority
shareholder, who is a shareholder in the Company after the acquisition of 60 of RI s membership interests. The loan is unsecured,
non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was and , respectively. 

WS has a loan payable with the former majority
shareholder, who is a shareholder in the Company after the acquisition of 60 of WS s membership interests. The loan is unsecured,
non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was and , respectively. 

SPAC Transaction 

On October 12,
2022, the Company entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which the Company purchased
 shares of Class B Common Stock (the Class B Common Stock and Private Placement Warrants, each of which
is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock (the Warrants, together, with the Class B Common Stock, the
 Securities of Gladstone Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (NASDAQ: GLEE) (the SPAC ), from Gladstone Sponsor,
LLC Original Sponsor for (the Purchase Price ). The SPAC subsequently changed its name to Global
Systems Dynamics, Inc. GSD ). 

In
addition to the payment of the Purchase Price, the Company also assumed the following obligations: (i) responsibility for all of
SPAC s public company reporting obligations, (ii) the right to provide an extension payment and extend the deadline of the
SPAC to complete an initial business combination from 15 months from August 9, 2021 to 18 months for an additional 1,150,000, and
(iii) all other obligations and liabilities of the Original Sponsor related to the SPAC. The principal balance of this note
shall be payable by GSD on the earlier to occur of: (i) the date on which GSD consummates its initial business combination (the
 Business Combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of GSD is effective. The note does not bear interest. As
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding note receivable was 
and 
was classified as other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Pursuant to
the Agreement, the Company replaced the SPAC s current directors and officers with directors and officers the Company selected in
its sole discretion. Following the closing of the Agreement, the SPAC changed its name to Global System Dynamics, Inc. 

In addition
to the Agreement, the Company also entered into the Assignment, Assumption, Release and Waiver of the Letter Agreement pursuant to which
the Original Sponsor and each of the parties to the Letter Agreement (defined below) agreed that all rights, interests and obligations
of the Original Sponsor under the Letter Agreement (as defined below) were hereby assigned to the Company and that the Original Sponsor
will have no further rights, interests or obligations under the Letter Agreement as of the Closing Date. 

On December
14, 2022 the Company, the SPAC, and Zilla Acquisition Corp. Merger Sub entered into an Business Combination Agreement
which is referred to as the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which they agreed to combine their respective businesses. Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Zilla Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of GSD, will merge with and into DarkPulse, which
transaction is referred to as the Business Combination or the Merger with DarkPulse surviving the Business
Combination as a wholly-owned subsidiary of GSD. Following the Business Combination, DarkPulse and GSD will operate as a consolidated
company, which is referred to as the Combined Company, under the name Global System Dynamics, Inc., and the combined entity
will trade under the symbol DARK. 

The Company
determined that the SPAC has the subordinated equity to carry out its primary economic activities, and the power to control the activities
that most directly impact the performance of the SPAC is shares by all equity holders as a group. Furthermore, the SPAC is designed to
benefit the public shareholders over the Class B sponsor shareholder, DarkPulse. Because the Company is not the primary beneficiary of
the SPAC, consolidation is precluded until the merger is consummated. As such, the Company s 1,500,000 investment in GSD was accounted
for as cost at December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 318,025
owed from GSD and included as due from related party on the consolidated balance sheet. These advances were made to pay for certain expenses
on behalf of the SPAC, as well as 30,000 in accrued management fees. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

F- 42 

<EX-10.63>
 2
 darkpulse_ex1063.htm
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED OCTOBER 12, 2022 WITH GLADSTONE SPONSOR, LLC AND GLADSTONE ACQUISITION CORP.

Exhibit 10.63 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 (this Agreement is made and entered into effectively as of October 12, 2022 (the Effective
Date ), by and among Darkpulse, Inc. (the Acquirer ), GLADSTONE ACQUISITION CORP. ,
a Delaware corporation SPAC ), and GLADSTONE SPONSOR, LLC Sponsor (each
a Party and, collectively, the Parties ). 

Whereas ,
SPAC is a Special Purpose Acquisition Company that closed on its initial public offering on August 9, 2021, with 15 months to complete
an initial business combination or, 18 months if the Sponsor deposits an additional 1,150,000 in trust; 

Whereas ,
as of the date of this Agreement, SPAC has not completed or announced a business combination; 

Whereas ,
Sponsor owns 2,623,120 shares of Class B Common Stock and 4,298,496 Private Placement Warrants, each of which is exercisable to purchase
one share of Class A Common Stock of SPAC (collectively, the SPAC Securities ); and 

Whereas ,
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Acquirer will purchase all of the SPAC Securities from Sponsor for a total
purchase price of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 1,500,000) (the Purchase Price ). 

Now,
Therefore , in consideration of the premises set forth above, which are incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth
below, and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreement contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and Sale . 

(a) 
At the Closing: (i) Acquirer shall pay the Purchase Price to Sponsor by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to the
wiring instructions separately provided by Sponsor; (ii) Sponsor shall transfer, deliver, and assign the SPAC Securities to Acquirer,
free and clear of any and all liens and encumbrances; and (iii) SPAC shall record such transfer. 

(b) 
The closing of the transactions contemplated herein (the Closing shall take place on October 12, 2022, or
on such earlier date as the Parties agree in writing. 

2. Assumption
of Obligations . In addition to the payment of the Purchase Price, Acquirer shall also assume the following obligations: (i) responsibility
for all of SPAC s public company reporting obligations, (ii) payment of the Extension Payment (defined below), at the discretion
of Acquirer, and (iii) all other obligations and liabilities of Sponsor related to the SPAC. As used herein, Extension Payment 
means the extension payment described in the Prospectus dated August 4, 2021 relating to the initial public offering of the SPAC, in
an amount equal to 0.10 per share (currently 1,049,028) that will become due on November 8, 2022. It being understood and agreed that
in the event Acquirer believes it will be unable to complete a business combination, it will be under no obligation to fund the Extension
Payment. 

3. Management;
Name Change . SPAC acknowledges and agrees that Acquirer shall have the right to replace SPAC s current directors and officers
with any such directors and officers as Acquirer may select in its sole discretion. Accordingly, in connection with the Closing, the
existing directors and officers of SPAC shall resign from their respective positions. Additionally, Acquirer shall promptly following
the Closing file a formal public vehicle name change on behalf of SPAC, and SPAC shall reasonably cooperate with Acquirer in connection
therewith. 

4. Liabilities .
SPAC confirms to Acquirer that as of the date of this Agreement, its unaudited balance sheet, including the amounts owed from or due
to (broken down by entity), was as set forth on Exhibit A to this Agreement. Sponsor represents that the SPAC Securities represent all
the of the outstanding securities of SPAC held by Sponsor. 

5. Limitation
on Transfer . Acquirer acknowledges and agrees that the SPAC Securities are subject to the limitations on transfer set forth in Section
11 of this Agreement. 

6. Title .
Sponsor represents and warrants to Acquirer that Sponsor has good and marketable title to the SPAC Securities free and clear of all liens
and encumbrances and that, upon updating the records of ownership, Acquirer will have good and marketable title to the SPAC Securities. 

1 

7. Representations
and Warranties . Each Party hereby represents and warrants to each other Party as of the Effective Date and as of the Closing that: 

(a) 
such Party has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder; 

(b) 
the execution, delivery and performance by the Party of this Agreement and the consummation of the transfer have been duly authorized
by all necessary action on the part of the relevant Party, and no further approval or authorization is required on the part of such Party; 

(c) 
this Agreement will be valid and binding on each Party and enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as the
same may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer or conveyance, moratorium or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general equitable principles, regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity; and 

(d) 
SPAC and Sponsor have received all third-party consents to the transfer of the SPAC Securities and such consents have been shared with
Acquirer. 

8. Acquirer
Representations and Warranties . The Acquirer hereby represents and warrants to the Sponsor that as of the Effective Date and as of
the Closing that: 

(a) 
Acquirer has been duly formed or incorporated and is validly existing in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation
or formation, with the requisite entity power and authority to enter into, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement; 

(b) 
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Acquirer. This Agreement is enforceable against Acquirer in accordance
with its terms, except as may be limited or otherwise affected by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization,
moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, and (ii) principles of equity, whether considered
at law or equity; 

(c) 
The execution and delivery by Acquirer of this Agreement, and the performance by Acquirer of its obligations under this Agreement, including
the purchase of the SPAC Securities and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated herein, will not conflict with or result
in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition
of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of Acquirer pursuant to the terms of (i) any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, loan agreement, lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which Acquirer is a party or by which Acquirer is bound
or to which any of the property or assets of Acquirer is subject; (ii) the organizational documents of Acquirer; or (iii) any statute
or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over
Acquirer or any of Acquirer s properties that, in the case of clauses (i) and (iii), would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the legal authority of Acquirer to comply in all material respects with the terms of this Agreement; 

(d) 
Acquirer, or each of the funds managed by or affiliated with Acquirer for which Acquirer is acting as nominee, as applicable, (i) is
an institutional accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act), in each
case, satisfying the applicable requirements set forth on Exhibit B , (ii) is acquiring the SPAC Securities only for its own account
and not for the account of others and Acquirer has full investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and
authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account, and (iii)
is not acquiring the SPAC Securities with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of
the Securities Act. Acquirer has not taken any of the actions set forth in, and is not subject to, the disqualification provisions of
Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act. Acquirer has completed Exhibit B following the signature page hereto and the information
contained therein is accurate and complete. Acquirer is not an entity formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the SPAC Securities; 

2 

(e) 
Acquirer understands that the SPAC Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning
of the Securities Act and that the SPAC Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act. Acquirer understands that the SPAC
Securities may not be resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by Acquirer absent an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act, except (i) to the SPAC or a subsidiary thereof, (ii) to non-U.S. persons pursuant to offers and sales that occur
outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iii) pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities
Act, provided that all of the applicable conditions thereof have been met or (iv) pursuant to another applicable exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, and that any certificates or book-entry records representing the SPAC Securities shall contain a
legend to such effect. Acquirer acknowledges that the SPAC Securities will not be eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A promulgated
under the Securities Act. Acquirer understands and agrees that it may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the
SPAC Securities for an indefinite period of time. Acquirer understands that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making
any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of any of the SPAC Securities; 

(f) 
Acquirer understands and agrees that Acquirer is purchasing the SPAC Securities directly from the Sponsor. Acquirer further acknowledges
that there have been no representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made to Acquirer by the Sponsor or any of its officers
or directors, the SPAC or any of its officers, employees or representatives (together, the Agents ), or any
of its officers, employees or representatives, expressly or by implication, other than those representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements included in this Agreement; 

(g) 
Acquirer s acquisition and holding of the SPAC Securities will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction
under section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), section 4975
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or any applicable similar law; 

(h) In making its decision
to purchase the SPAC Securities, Acquirer represents that it has relied solely upon its own independent investigation. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, Acquirer has not relied on any statements or other information provided by the Agents or any of their
respective Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or representatives concerning the Sponsor or the SPAC
Securities or the offer and sale of the SPAC Securities. Acquirer acknowledges and agrees that Acquirer has received such information
as Acquirer deems necessary in order to make an investment decision with respect to the SPAC Securities, including with respect to the
SPAC and the Transaction. Acquirer represents and agrees that Acquirer and Acquirer s professional advisor(s), if any, have had
the full opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such information as Acquirer and such Acquirer s professional
advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with respect to the SPAC Securities. Acquirer has been furnished
with all materials that it considers relevant to an investment in the SPAC Securities, has had a full opportunity to ask questions of
and receive answers from the SPAC or any person or persons acting on behalf of the SPAC concerning the terms and conditions of the offering
of the SPAC Securities to Acquirer; and that Acquirer is not relying upon, and has not relied upon, any statement, representation or
warranty made by any person, including, without limitation, the Agents, except for the statements, representations and warranties contained
in this Agreement; 

(i) 
Acquirer became aware of this offering of the SPAC Securities solely by means of direct contact between Acquirer and the Sponsor or one
of the Agents, and the SPAC Securities were offered to Acquirer solely by direct contact between Acquirer and the Sponsor or one of the
Agents. Acquirer did not become aware of this offering of the SPAC Securities, nor were the SPAC Securities offered to Acquirer, by any
other means. Acquirer acknowledges that the Sponsor represents and warrants that the SPAC Securities (i) were not offered to Acquirer
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising and (ii) are not being offered in a manner involving a public offering under,
or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities Act, or any state securities laws; 

(j) 
Acquirer acknowledges that it is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the SPAC Securities.
Acquirer has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an
investment in the SPAC Securities, and Acquirer has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as Acquirer has considered necessary
to make an informed investment decision; 

(k) 
Acquirer acknowledges and agrees that neither of the Agents nor any Affiliate of either of the Agents (or any officer, director, employee
or representative of any of the Agents or any Affiliate thereof) has provided Acquirer with any information or advice with respect to
the SPAC Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Acquirer acknowledges that the Agents, any Affiliate of either
of the Agents (or any officer, director, employee or representative of either of the Agents or any Affiliate thereof) (i) have not made
any representation as to the SPAC or the quality of the SPAC Securities, (ii) may have acquired non-public information with respect to
the SPAC which Acquirer agrees need not be provided to it, (iii) have made no independent investigation with respect to the SPAC or the
SPAC Securities or the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of any information supplied to Acquirer by the Sponsor, (iv) have not acted
as Acquirer s financial advisor or fiduciary in connection with the issue and purchase of the SPAC Securities and (v) have not
prepared a disclosure or offering document in connection with the offer and sale of the SPAC Securities; 

3 

(l) 
Alone, or together with any professional advisor(s), Acquirer represents and acknowledges that Acquirer has adequately analyzed and fully
considered the risks of an investment in the SPAC Securities and determined that the SPAC Securities are a suitable investment for Acquirer
and that Acquirer is able at this time and in the foreseeable future to bear the economic risk of a total loss of Acquirer s investment
in the SPAC. Acquirer acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists; 

(m) 
Acquirer understands and agrees that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the SPAC Securities
or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of an investment in the SPAC Securities; 

(n) 
Acquirer is not (i) a person or entity named on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, the Executive Order 13599
List, the Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, or the Sectoral Sanctions Identification List, each of which is administered by the U.S. Treasury
Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC (collectively OFAC Lists ),
(ii) owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of, a person, that is named on an OFAC List, (iii) organized, incorporated, established,
located, resident or born in, or a citizen, national, or the government, including any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality
thereof, of, Iran, Cuba, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea Region of the Ukraine, the Donetsk People s Republic, the Luhansk People s
Republic,, or any other country or territory embargoed or subject to substantial trade restrictions by the United States, (iv) a Designated
National as defined in the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 515, or (v) a non-U.S. shell bank or providing banking services
indirectly to a non-U.S. shell bank (collectively, a Prohibited Investor ). Acquirer represents that if it
is a financial institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. section 5311 et seq.) (the BSA ), as
amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the PATRIOT Act ), and its implementing regulations (collectively,
the BSA/PATRIOT Act ), Acquirer maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to comply with applicable
obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. Acquirer also represents that, to the extent required, it maintains policies and procedures reasonably
designed to ensure compliance with OFAC-administered sanctions programs, including for the screening of its investors against the OFAC
Lists. Acquirer further represents and warrants that, to the extent required, it maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed
to ensure that the funds held by Acquirer and used to purchase the SPAC Securities were legally derived; 

(o) 
If Acquirer is an employee benefit plan that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a plan, an individual retirement account or other arrangement
that is subject to section 4975 of the Code or an employee benefit plan that is a governmental plan (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA),
a church plan (as defined in section 3(33) of ERISA), a non-U.S. plan (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) or other plan that is
not subject to the foregoing but may be subject to provisions under any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations
that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, or an entity whose underlying assets are considered to include plan
assets of any such plan, account or arrangement (each, a Plan subject to the fiduciary or
prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, Acquirer represents and warrants that (i) to its knowledge, neither
Sponsor, nor any of its respective Affiliates that the Sponsor has disclosed to Acquirer for purposes of determining compliance with
this section (the Transaction Parties has acted as the Plan s fiduciary, or has been relied on for
advice, with respect to its decision to acquire and hold the SPAC Securities, and none of the Transaction Parties shall at any time be
relied upon as the Plan s fiduciary with respect to any decision to acquire, continue to hold or transfer the SPAC Securities;
(ii) the decision to invest in the SPAC Securities has been made at the recommendation or direction of an independent fiduciary Independent Fiduciary within the meaning of US Code of Federal Regulations 29 C.F.R. section 2510.3 21(c),
as amended from time to time (the Fiduciary Rule who is (A) independent of the Transaction Parties; (B)
is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with respect to particular transactions and investment strategies
(within the meaning of the Fiduciary Rule); (C) is a fiduciary (under ERISA and/or section 4975 of the Code) with respect to Acquirer s
investment in the SPAC Securities and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the investment in the SPAC Securities;
and (D) is aware of and acknowledges that (I) none of the Transaction Parties is undertaking to provide impartial investment advice,
or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the purchaser s or transferee s investment in the SPAC Securities,
and (II) the Transaction Parties have a financial interest in the purchaser s investment in the SPAC Securities on account of the
fees and other remuneration they expect to receive in connection with transactions contemplated hereunder; and 

(p) 
Acquirer will have at the Closing sufficient funds to pay the Purchase Price. 

9. Further
Assurances . The Parties hereto agree (a) to furnish upon request to each other such further information, (b) to execute and deliver
to each other such other documents, and (c) to do such other acts and things, all as the other Party to this Agreement may reasonably
request, for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement. 

4 

10. Survival .
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made in this Agreement shall survive any investigation made by any party hereto
and the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

11. Indemnification .
Acquirer and SPAC jointly and severally agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sponsor, its affiliates, and their respective successors,
officers, directors, employees and assigns, from and against any and all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, costs, liabilities,
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements) and damages (collectively, Losses arising
out of or in connection with any act or omission of Sponsor taken in good faith related to the formation of SPAC, the ownership of the
SPAC Securities, the search for a target for a business combination with the SPAC and the business operations of the SPAC, as well as
any services rendered in connection with the foregoing. This section does not apply to any Losses solely attributable to gross negligence
or intentional misconduct of Sponsor as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable order. 

12. Acknowledgements .
Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the transfer has not been registered under the Securities Act or under any state securities laws
and Acquirer represents that it: 

(a) 
is acquiring the SPAC Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act with no present intention to distribute
them to any person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. state securities laws; 

(b) 
will not sell or otherwise dispose of any of the SPAC Securities, except in compliance with the registration requirements or exemption
provisions of the Securities Act and any applicable U.S. state securities laws and in accordance with any limitations set forth in any
agreements described in the Prospectus dated August 4, 2021 relating to the initial public offering of the SPAC; 

(c) 
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and in investments of this type that it is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of the SPAC Securities and of making an informed investment decision, and has conducted a review of the business
and affairs of SPAC that it considers sufficient and reasonable for purposes of making the transfer; 

(d) 
is an accredited investor (as defined by Rule 501 of the Securities Act); 

(e) 
that the SPAC Securities (i) were not offered to Acquirer by any form of general solicitation or general advertising and (ii) are not
being offered in a manner involving a public offering under, or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities Act, or any state securities
laws. 

13. Severability .
In case any one or more of the provisions contained herein shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in
any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement
shall be construed as if such provision(s) had never been contained herein, provided that such provision(s) shall be curtailed, limited
or eliminated only to the extent necessary to remove the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability in the jurisdiction where such provisions
have been held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable. 

14. Titles
and Headings . The titles and section headings in this Agreement are included strictly for convenience purposes. 

15. No
Waiver . It is understood and agreed that no failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any right, power or privilege hereunder. 

16. Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules. Each Party (a) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware (collectively, the Courts ), for purposes of any action, suit or other
proceeding arising out of this Agreement; and (b) agrees not to raise any objection at any time to the laying or maintaining of the venue
of any such action, suit or proceeding in any of the Courts, irrevocably waives any claim that such action, suit or other proceeding
has been brought in an inconvenient forum and further irrevocably waives the right to object, with respect to such action, suit or other
proceeding, that such Court does not have any jurisdiction over such Party. Any Party may serve any process required by such Courts by
way of notice. 

5 

17. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL
BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT
SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER
PARTIES HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

18. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes any previous understandings, commitments
or agreements, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. No modification of this Agreement or waiver of the terms and
conditions hereof shall be binding upon either Party, unless mutually approved in writing. 

19. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (delivered by email or other means of electronic transmission), each of which shall be
deemed an original and which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same document. 

20. Notices .
All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered (i) in person, (ii) by email or other electronic means, with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one business day after
being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) three (3) business days after being mailed,
if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each case to the applicable Party at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice. 

If to Acquirer : 
 Darkpulse, Inc. 

815 Walker
Street, Ste. 1155 

 Houston,
TX 77002 

 Attn: Dennis
O Leary, CEO 

 Email: doleary@darkpulse.com 

With a copy to: 
 The Basile Law Firm P.C. 

Attn: Mark R. Basile, Esq. 

 390 N. Broadway, Ste. 140 

 Jericho, New York 11753 

 Email: mark@thebasilelawfirm.com 

If to SPAC : 
 Gladstone Acquisition Corp. 

1521 Westbranch
Drive, Suite 100 

 McLean,
Virginia 22102 

 Attn: David Gladstone 

 Email: davidgladstone@gladstonecompanies.com 

With a copy to: 
 Cooley LLP 

1299 Pennsylvania
Ave. NW 

 Suite 700 

 Washington,
D.C. 20004 

 Attn: Dan Peale/Peter Byrne 

 Email: dpeale@cooley.com/pbyrne@cooley.com 

If to Sponsor : 
 Gladstone Sponsor, LLC 

1521 Westbranch
Drive, Suite 100 

 McLean,
Virginia 22102 

 Attn: David Gladstone 

 Email: davidgladstone@gladstonecompanies.com 

6 

With a copy to: 
 Cooley LLP 

1299 Pennsylvania
Ave. NW 

 Suite 700 

 Washington,
D.C. 20004 

 Attn: Dan Peale/Peter Byrne 

 Email: dpeale@cooley.com/pbyrne@cooley.com 

21. Binding
Effect; Assignment . This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise without
the prior written consent of the other Parties, and any assignment without such consent shall be null and void; provided that no such
assignment shall relieve the assigning Party of its obligations hereunder. 

22. Third
Parties . Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any instrument or document executed by any party in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby shall create any rights in or be deemed to have been executed for the benefit of, any person or entity that is not
a Party hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a Party. 

23. Specific
Performance . Each Party acknowledges that the rights of each Party to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby are unique,
recognizes and affirms that in the event of a breach of this Agreement by any Party, money damages may be inadequate and the non-breaching
Parties may have not adequate remedy at law, and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed by an applicable Party in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly,
each Party shall be entitled to seek an injunction or restraining order to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to seek to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the requirement to post any bond or other security or to prove that money damages
would be inadequate, this being in addition to any other right or remedy to which such Party may be entitled under this Agreement, at
law or in equity. 

[ Remainder
of Page intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows ] 

7 

In
Witness Whereof , the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered, all as of the Effective Date. 

ACQUIRER: 

Darkpulse, Inc. 

By: /s/ Dennis O Leary 

 Name: Dennis O Leary 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SPAC: 

GLADSTONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Michael
LiCalsi 

 Name: Michael LiCalsi 

 Title: Secretary 

SPONSOR: 

GLADSTONE SPONSOR, LLC 

By: /s/ Michael
LiCalsi 

 Name: Michael LiCalsi 

 Title: Secretary 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO PURCHASE
AGREEMENT] 

8 

EXHIBIT A 

SPAC BALANCE SHEET 

[See attached] 

9 

10 

11 

EXHIBIT B 

ELIGIBILITY REPRESENTATIONS OF DARKPULSE, INC. 

This Schedule must be completed by DarkPulse, Inc. and forms
a part of the Purchase Agreement to which it is attached. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Schedule have the meanings
given to them in the Purchase Agreement. DarkPulse, Inc. must check the applicable box in either Part A below and the applicable
box in Part B below. 

A. 
 
 ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
 (Please check the applicable box) 

DarkPulse, Inc. is an institutional accredited investor 
(within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) and has checked below the box(es) for the applicable provision under which
DarkPulse, Inc. qualifies as such: 

DarkPulse, Inc. is an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, a corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust, or partnership that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities of the SPAC being offered in this offering, with total assets in excess of 5,000,000. 

DarkPulse, Inc is a private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. 

DarkPulse, Inc is a bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

DarkPulse, Inc is a savings and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act, whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity. 

DarkPulse, Inc is a broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Exchange Act. 

DarkPulse, Inc is an insurance company as defined in Section 2(a)(13) of the Securities Act. 

DarkPulse, Inc is an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

DarkPulse, Inc is a business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

DarkPulse, Inc is a Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under either Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. 

DarkPulse, Inc is a plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, and such plan has total assets in excess of 5,000,000. 

DarkPulse, Inc is an employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such act, which is one of the following. 

A bank; 

A savings and loan association; 

A insurance company; or 

A registered investment adviser. 

12 

DarkPulse, Inc is an employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 with total assets in excess of 5,000,000. 

DarkPulse, Inc is an employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 that is a self-directed plan with investment decisions made solely by persons that are accredited investors. 

DarkPulse, Inc is a trust with total assets in excess of 5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered by the SPAC in this offering, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) under the Securities Act. 

AND 

B. 
 AFFILIATE 

(Please check the applicable box) 

DarkPulse, Inc: 

is: 

is not: 
 
 an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 under
the Securities Act) of the SPAC or acting on behalf of an affiliate of the SPAC. 

13 

</EX-10.63>

<EX-10.64>
 3
 darkpulse_ex1064.htm
 ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION, RELEASE AND WAIVER OF THE LETTER AGREEMENT DATED OCTOBER 12, 2022 WITH GLADSTONE SPONSOR, LLC AND GLADSTONE ACQUISITION CORP.

Exhibit 10.64 

ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION, RELEASE AND WAIVER OF
LETTER AGREEMENT 

This Assignment, Assumption, Release and Waiver
of the Letter Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of October 12, 2022 (the Effective Date ),
is made by and among Gladstone Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Gladstone Sponsor ),
DarkPulse, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Assignee ), the undersigned individuals, each of whom was a party
to the 2021 Letter Agreement (as defined below) and Gladstone Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ). 

Reference is made to that certain letter agreement
dated August 4, 2021 (the 2021 Letter Agreement ), by and among Gladstone Sponsor and certain individuals party
thereto, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Company, that was delivered to the Company in accordance with that certain Underwriting
Agreement, dated August 4, 2021 (the Underwriting Agreement ), entered into by and among the Company and EF
Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative (the Representative of the underwriters
on Schedule A thereto (the Underwriters ), relating to an underwritten initial public offering, of 11,500,000
of the Company s units (including up to 1,150,000 units that may be purchased by the Underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any),
each comprising one share of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 2021 Letter Agreement. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section
7 of the 2021 Letter Agreement, Gladstone Sponsor may not Transfer (a) any shares of the Company s Founder Shares (or shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Class B Common Stock) or (b) any Private Placement Warrants until the expiration of the applicable
Lock-Up Periods; 

WHEREAS, Gladstone Sponsor desires to sell and
transfer (a) 2,623,120 Founder Shares and (b) 4,298,496 Private Placement Warrants (the Sponsor Sale to the
Assignee, pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, by and among the Assignee, the Sponsor and the Company; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 13 of the 2021 Letter
Agreement, the 2021 Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived, except by written instrument executed by all parties
to the 2021 Letter Agreement; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 14 of the 2021 Letter
Agreement, Gladstone Sponsor may assign some or all of its rights, interests and obligations under the 2021 Letter Agreement to the Assignee
with the prior written consent of the other parties to the 2021 Letter Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the Sponsor Sale,
all the directors and officers of the Company prior to the effective time of the Sponsor Sale will resign from the Company. 

AGREEMENT 

In consideration of the foregoing and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Pursuant
to Section 13 of the 2021 Letter Agreement, each of the Gladstone Sponsor, the Assignee and the undersigned individuals, each of whom
was a party to the 2021 Letter Agreement, hereby agree to waive the restrictions on Transfers contained in Section 7 of the 2021 Letter
Agreement to permit the Sponsor Sale. 

2. Pursuant
to Section 14 of the 2021 Letter Agreement, each of the Gladstone Sponsor, the Assignee and the undersigned individuals, each of whom
was a party to the 2021 Letter Agreement, hereby agrees that all rights, interests and obligations of the Gladstone Sponsor under the
2021 Letter Agreement are hereby assigned to the Assignee and that the Gladstone Sponsor shall have no further rights, interests or obligations
under the 2021 Letter Agreement as modified by this Agreement, in each case, as of the Effective Date. 

3. The Assignee
hereby represents that the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 8 and 10 of the 2021 Letter Agreement are true, correct
and complete as of the date hereof. 

4. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided
that , as of the Effective Date, (i) only this Section 4 of this Agreement and for avoidance of doubt, no other section of this Agreement
or the 2021 Letter Agreement, shall be binding upon each of the undersigned on the signature page hereto under Gladstone Signatories 
(the Gladstone Signatories and (ii) each of the Gladstone Signatories will be released from their obligations
under the 2021 Letter Agreement as modified by this Agreement and each of the Gladstone Signatories shall have no further rights, interests
or obligations under the 2021 Letter Agreement as modified by this Agreement; provided further that , this Section 4 of this Amendment
may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error), expect by a written instrument executed
by all the Gladstone Signatories. 

5. Except
as expressly amended hereby, the 2021 Letter Agreement shall remain unchanged, and the 2021 Letter Agreement, as so amended, shall continue
in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive
laws of another jurisdiction. This Amendment may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

[ Signature page follows ] 

Sincerely, 

GLADSTONE SPONSOR, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Michael LiCalsi 

Name: Michael LiCalsi 

Title: General Counsel Secretary 

GLADSTONE SIGNATORIES 

By: 
 /s/ David Gladstone 

Name: David Gladstone 

By: 
 /s/ Michael J. Malesardi 

Name: Michael J. Malesardi 

By: 
 /s/ Terry L. Brubaker 

Name: Terry L. Brubaker 

By: 
 /s/ Michael LiCalsi 

Name: Michael LiCalsi 

By: 
 /s/ Bill Frisbie 

Name: Bill Frisbie 

By: 
 /s/ Bill Reiman 

Name: Bill Reiman 

By: 
 /s/ Paul W. Adelgren 

Name: Paul W. Adelgren 

By: 
 /s/ Michela D, English 

Name: Michela D, English 

By: 
 /s/ Caren D. Merrick 

Name: Caren D. Merrick 

By: 
 /s/ John H. Outland 

Name: John H. Outland 

By: 
 /s/ Anthony W. Parker 

Name: Anthony W. Parker 

By: 
 /s/ Walter H. Wilkinson Jr. 

Name: Walter H. Wilkinson Jr. 

[Signature Page to Assignment of Letter Agreement] 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Dennis O Leary 

Name: Dennis O Leary 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

GLADSTONE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Michael LiCalsi 

Name: Michael LiCalsi 

Title: General Counsel Secretary 

[Signature Page to Assignment of Letter Agreement] 

</EX-10.64>

<EX-10.65>
 4
 darkpulse_ex1065.htm
 JOINDER TO THE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT DATED OCTOBER 12, 2022 WITH GLADSTONE ACQUISITION CORP.

Exhibit 10.65 

JOINDER TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

October 12, 2022 

Reference is made to that
certain Registration Rights Agreement (as may be further amended and/or restated from time to time, the Registration Rights
Agreement ), dated as of August 4, 2021, by and among Gladstone Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
Gladstone Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor and the undersigned parties listed
under Holders on the signature page thereto. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
to such terms in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby agrees
to and does become party to the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder thereunder. Pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Registration Rights
Agreement, the undersigned further agrees to be bound by the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period and Private Placement Lock-Up Period applicable
to the Registrable Securities transferred to it by Sponsor. This Joinder shall serve as a counterpart signature page to the Registration
Rights Agreement and by executing below the undersigned is deemed to have executed the Registration Rights Agreement with the same force
and effect as if originally named a party thereto. 

This Joinder may be executed
in multiple counterparts, including by means of facsimile or electronic signature, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute the same instrument. 

[ Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has duly executed this Joinder as of the date first set forth above. 

HOLDER 

DARKPULSE, INC. 

a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Dennis O Leary 

Name: 
 Dennis O Leary 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO BY: 

GLOBAL SYSTEM DYNAMICS INC. 

a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ J. Richard Iler 

Name: 
 J. Richard Iler 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-10.65>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 darkpulse_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dennis M. O Leary, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of DarkPulse, Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such disclosure control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting got be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 23, 2023 

By: /s/ Dennis M. O Leary 

 Dennis M. O Leary 

 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, 

 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and 

 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 darkpulse_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of DarkPulse, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Dennis M. O Leary, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By: /s/ Dennis M. O Leary 

 Dennis M. O Leary 

 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, 

 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and 

 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: June 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dpls-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dpls-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dpls-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dpls-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

