<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230421_10-K_edgar_data_1691077_0001493152-23-013262.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6449288</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169078</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1058938</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2221399</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1335754</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1487677</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-013262.hdr.sgml : 20230421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230421170236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-013262
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVmo, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001691077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				813028414
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39132
		FILM NUMBER:		23837108

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 NORTH CAMDEN DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310 926 2643

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 NORTH CAMDEN DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rideshare Rental, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YayYo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-013262.txt : 20230421

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

. , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

+1- - 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.000001 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of March 30, 2023, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 
based on the closing price as reported on the OTC. 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were shares of common stock, 0.000001 par value per share, outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item
 Number and Caption 
 
 Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 ii 

PART I 

1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 8 

1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 8 

2. 
 Properties 
 
 8 

3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 8 

4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 8 

PART II 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 9 

6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 9 

7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 9 

7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 14 

8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 14 

9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 15 

9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 15 

9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 16 

PART III 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 17 

11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 22 

12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 23 

13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 26 

14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 26 

PART IV 

15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 27 

16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 27 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions, and on information
currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results
of operations set forth under the headings Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements also include statements in which words such as expect, 
 anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate, consider 
or similar expressions are used. 

Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our future results may differ
materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. 

All
brand names or trademarks appearing in this Report are the property of their respective holders. Unless the context requires otherwise,
references in this Report to EVmo, the Company, we, us, and our 
refer to EVmo, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Corporate
History 

EVmo
was initially formed on June 21, 2016 as a Delaware limited liability company under the name YayYo, LLC. The Company was
subsequently converted into a Delaware corporation pursuant to Section 265 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ).
The Company now operates as a C corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

We
became a reporting company when, on March 17, 2017, an offering circular on Form 1-A relating to a best-efforts offering of our common
stock, par value 0.000001 per share (the Common Stock pursuant to Regulation A+ of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), was qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
Then, on November 15, 2019, we completed an initial public offering of 2,625,000 shares of Common Stock, at 4.00 per share, for gross
proceeds, before underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses, of 10.5 million and our Common Stock was listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market Nasdaq under the ticker symbol YAYO. 

On
February 10, 2020, after being advised by Nasdaq that it believed we no longer met the conditions for continued listing, the Company
announced its intent to voluntarily delist its Common Stock. Since delisting from Nasdaq, our Common Stock has been quoted and traded
on the Pink Open Market, which is operated by OTC Markets Group, under the same ticker symbol. The delisting was effective on March 1,
2020. 

In
September 2020, we changed our name from YayYo, Inc. to Rideshare Rental, Inc., in order for our corporate brand to better reflect our
principal businesses, ridesharing and vehicle rentals. In February 2021, we again changed our name to EVmo, Inc., to underscore our commitment
to making a full transition to electric vehicles by the end of 2024. 

Our
address is 3201 N. Sepulveda Blvd. Manhattan Beach, CA 90266. Our telephone number is (310) 926-2643 and our website may be accessed
at www.evmo.com. 

1 

Overview
of the Company 

EVmo,
Inc. is a holding company operating principally through two wholly-owned subsidiaries: (i) Rideshare Car Rentals LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company Rideshare ), and (ii) Distinct Cars, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Distinct Cars ).
Rideshare offers an online bookings platform (the Rideshare Platform while Distinct Cars maintains a fleet of passenger
vehicles and transit vans for use in the last-mile logistical space for rent to our customers who are drivers in the ridesharing and
delivery gig industries, while also providing them with insurance coverage and issuing them insurance cards in their own names. This
enables such drivers to meet the vehicle suitability and other requirements of rideshare and delivery gig companies such as Uber, Lyft,
DoorDash and Grubhub. Through Rideshare and Distinct Cars, we seek to become a leading provider of rental vehicles to drivers in the
ridesharing and delivery gig spaces, and an industry leader in supplying transit vans for last-mile logistics. Gig generally
refers to a labor market characterized by the prevalence of short-term contracts or freelance work as opposed to permanent jobs. 

Drivers
can rent their vehicles using the Rideshare Platform, which enables them to check inventory and performance and review vehicle data.
Drivers have the ability to book vehicles online by the day, week or month, at their option, make payments, check insurance, or extend
their rental with a minimum of inconvenience, while at the same time incurring no maintenance expenses. Depending on the make and model
of the requested vehicle, rental prices begin at 39 per day or 795 per month before insurance. The Rideshare Platform is available
on desktop, iOS and Android devices. We initially launched the Rideshare Platform in Los Angeles, CA and have since expanded it in the
following markets: Oakland, CA; Las Vegas, NV; Chicago, IL; Newark, NJ. 

In
March 2021, we formed another wholly owned subsidiary, EV Vehicles LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which we intend to utilize
as the corporate platform to implement our strategy to transition our entire fleet of rental vehicles from standard vehicles with internal
combustion engines to electric by 2026. 

We
generate the vast majority of our revenues through the rental of our fleet vehicles. We also receive an immaterial amount of revenue
in the form of fees assessed through the Rideshare Platform, such as late fees in the event that a vehicle rental expires without being
extended by the driver and the vehicle has not yet been returned, or when the Rideshare Platform is used in a vehicle not owned by us. 

Our
Market 

We
service drivers in the ridesharing and delivery gig industries by providing them with qualifying vehicles and insurance, enabling them
to work for Transportation Network Companies TNCs such as Uber and Lyft. We strongly believe this is a vibrant and growing
market, as the advent of ridesharing and food delivery gigs over the last decade has permanently changed the transportation industry.
The U.S. Department of Labor-Bureau of Labor Statistics in its April 2021 report stated that consumer expenditures on transportation
were approximately 1.1 trillion in 2019. Further, according to such statistics, transportation (including vehicle purchases and expenditures
for gasoline and motor oil) was the second largest household expenditure after housing and the aggregate consumer spending on transportation
was almost twice as large as that of healthcare and three times as large as entertainment. The use of rideshare and food delivery gig
applications on smart phones has been transformative, allowing Uber, for example, to announce in mid-2016 that it had completed its two
billionth ride only six months after it marked its first one billion rides. 

One
of the challenges the ridesharing and delivery gig industries faces is ensuring that driver growth keeps pace with the massive demand.
Lyft recently reported an increase in active riders by over 940,000 in the first quarter of 2021 than in the fourth quarter of 2020,
and that by the end of February 2021 rider growth had exceeded driver growth. Uber had 3.5 million active drivers on its platform during
the first three months of the year but is also reporting a shortage. In April 2021, it announced a 250 million stimulus to entice both
former and new drivers to work for them. 

2 

Accordingly,
the TNCs have actively taken steps to satisfy their driver demand by setting up programs designed to get eligible drivers into qualified
cars. Uber has entered into multiple partnerships with car rental companies, and Lyft Express Driver is partnered with Hertz. We believe
EVmo can be a major independent player in this space, since we also supply TNC drivers with qualifying vehicles, which we expect will
eventually be electric vehicles, and provide them access to the Rideshare Platform, which is a driver-friendly mechanism to manage their
vehicle rental and allowing them to generate income. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Our
current growth strategy, which we formulated in early 2021, centers around our goal to transition our entire vehicle fleet to electric
vehicles. We initiated this strategy for several reasons. First, we believe that industry trends are clear that electric vehicles will
become the mainstay of the automobile market over the next 10 years. According to Forbes, EV sales in the United States in the second
quarter of 2022 accounted for 5.6 of the total auto market, up from 2.7 in the second quarter of 2021. Further, per a report by Automotive
News that relied on data collected by Experian, EV registrations in the U.S. were 60 higher in the first quarter of 2022 even as new
car registrations overall dropped by 18 . California, our principal market, has the most EV sales over the last 10 years of any state in the U.S, per tracking
done by Veloz, with a total of 1,304,581 sold out of 3,057,859 nationwide. We expect these trends will only accelerate as
EV charging stations become more prevalent and major automobile manufacturers continue to gradually shift away from internal combustion
engine vehicles to EVs. In January 2023, Goldman Sachs Research issued a report that predicts that EVs will constitute 16 of all global
automobile sales by 2025, 33 by 2030, and greater than 50 soon after 2035, respectively. 

Second,
we believe that both drivers and riders will be increasingly drawn to electric vehicles for their environmental benefits, especially
as they become comparable to combustion cars in terms of pricing, mileage and the number of available options to choose from. The demand
for clean energy products is undeniable, and electric vehicles should be no exception as consumers continue to seek out eco-friendly
alternatives. 

Finally,
we have concluded that governmental policies and mandates will ultimately force the hand of both the automobile industry and consumers.
The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 provides a tax credit of 7,500 for qualifying EV purchases and the Biden Administration has set
a goal of 50 EV sales in the U.S. by 2030. The governor of California has announced that by 2035 the state will
require all new vehicles sold to be EVs or plug-in hybrid electrics. In Oregon, residents can receive a rebate of up to 2,500 on the
purchase or lease of a qualifying electric vehicle. 

While
we will incur a considerable short-term operating expense in turning over our fleet, we firmly believe that the reputational and brand
benefits we will realize from being known as a TNC vehicle provider with an entirely electric fleet will quickly allow us to differentiate
ourselves and significantly grow our business. The trends we describe above will directly impact the ridesharing and delivery gig industries,
as we believe that both TNC drivers and riders will increasingly express a preference for electric vehicles. As an early industry leader
in this area, we believe that we will be well-positioned to market ourselves successfully and become profitable, using our current business
model of vehicle rentals to TNC drivers. Currently, approximately 35 of our fleet is electric or plug-in hybrid. By the end of 2023,
we expect over 50 of our fleet to be electric or plug-in hybrid vehicles with continue effort to be 100 electric or plug-in hybrid
by the end of 2025. 

Impact
of COVID-19 on our Business 

On
January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency
of International Concern, and on March 11, 2020, it characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. In response, numerous
states and cities ordered their residents to cease traveling to non-essential jobs and to curtail all unnecessary travel, and similar
restrictions were recommended by the federal government. Beginning in the first quarter of 2020, which saw the initial rapid spread of
COVID-19, rideshare companies were severely and negatively impacted, as demand plummeted. Consequently, the Company experienced a decline
in revenue during the first half of 2020, which had a negative impact on our cash flows, but we then saw a positive upward movement in
revenue during the second half of 2020, which continued through fiscal 2021. Currently, through fiscal 2022, the demand for Rideshare
remains high with little impact remaining from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Given
the current prevalence of FDA-approved eligible vaccines across most age groups, the marked decrease in the number of COVID-19 infections,
hospitalizations and deaths in 2022, and the resulting easement of pandemic restrictions in our active markets, we are optimistic that
COVID-19 will not have a material impact on our operations in the current fiscal year. However, certain factors- including, for example,
a new, more aggressive and deadly variant that is resistant to the vaccines could alter our prediction. 

3 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller Reporting Company 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the JOBS
Act ). As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements
that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include, but are not limited to: 

requiring
 only two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with a correspondingly
 reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our
 periodic filings made under the Securities Act; 

reduced
 disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; 

no
 non-binding shareholder advisory votes on our executive compensation, including any golden parachute arrangements; and 

exemption
 from compliance with the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant
 to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ). 

We
may take advantage of these exemptions for up to five years or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We
will continue to remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of the following: (i) the last day of the fiscal year following
the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our initial public offering; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which our
total annual gross revenue is equal to or more than 1.07 billion; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible
debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the
SEC. 

We
are also a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), and have elected to take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies.
To the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, certain
of the exemptions available to us as an emerging growth company may continue to be available to us as a smaller reporting company, including
exemption from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements pursuant to SOX and reduced disclosure about our executive compensation
arrangements. We will continue to be a smaller reporting company until we have 250 million or more in public float (based
on the price of our Common Stock) measured as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or, in the
event we have no public float or a public float that is less than 700 million, annual revenues of 100 million or more during the most
recently completed fiscal year. 

We
may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of these exemptions. We have taken advantage of reduced reporting requirements in
this Report. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different from the information you receive from other public companies
in which you hold stock. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, delaying the adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply
to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial
accounting standards. As a result of the accounting standards election, we will not be subject to the same implementation timing for
new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies which may make comparison of our
financials to those of other public companies more difficult. 

4 

Our
Business Model and Our Future Opportunities 

We
have developed what we believe is an innovative and effective business model in which we not only provide ridesharing and delivery gig
drivers with the necessary technology to operate, through the Rideshare Platform, but also the vehicles themselves, via Distinct Cars,
should the driver either not have a qualified vehicle to use or prefers to not use a personal vehicle for this type of work. Our two
principal operating subsidiaries have a rare corporate synergy that enables us to both diversify and create complementary revenue streams.
Further, as we continue our transition to electric vehicles, we believe we are in the vanguard of a new era in commercial transportation
and that our early presence in this industry will further distinguish us from a competitive standpoint. 

Prior
to 2020, we only supplied vehicles to drivers in the ridesharing space but we expanded our service in that year to the delivery gig space,
which has provided us with another form of service diversity, one with fewer barriers to entry. The requirements for vehicles operated
by delivery gig drivers are significantly less onerous than those operated by rideshare drivers, as delivery gig drivers are not transporting
people. 

We
currently have four priorities: diversifying our revenues by expanding into different markets in North America and continuing our transition
to electric vehicles; improving our operating efficiencies, particularly through training our sales force; meeting our customers 
expectations by continuing to provide TNC drivers with quality vehicles and reliable service via the Rideshare Platform; and disciplined
capital and fleet management, in which our management team allocates our resources effectively. 

Rideshare
Car Rentals, LLC 

In
October 2017, the Company created Rideshare in order to launch the Rideshare Platform, a booking platform developed, coded and wholly-owned
by us, and used primarily to rent our Distinct Car vehicles to TNC ridesharing and delivery gig drivers. The Rideshare Platform commercially
markets the Distinct Cars fleet (and to a lesser extent the vehicles of other fleet owners and selected individual car owners) to ridesharing
and delivery gig drivers. The Company initially launched the Rideshare Platform in Los Angeles, CA and has since expanded it to Oakland,
CA; Las Vegas, NV; Chicago, IL; Newark, NJ. 

The
Rideshare Platform s functionality provides drivers with access to certain data emitted from their respective Distinct Cars rental
vehicle(s) through a personal Rideshare dashboard. Vehicle owners can also access and manage data emitted from their personal vehicle(s)
under rental to a third-party from the Rideshare Platform inventory dashboard and can further manage the other aspects of the vehicle
rental transaction through the Rideshare Platform, including rental extension options. All transactional aspects of the rental vehicle(s)
(including, but not limited to, background checks, terms, deposits and insurance costs) are run securely through the Rideshare Platform.
In addition, our Rideshare website not only effectively monetizes the Distinct Cars vehicle fleet, but also generates revenue by charging
transactional fees to other vehicle owners and ridesharing and delivery gig drivers for all rental transactions consummated on the Rideshare
Platform. The Rideshare Platform is available on desktop, iOS and Android devices. 

Most
importantly, all passenger vehicles and transit vans made available on the Rideshare Platform not owned by us are fully qualified by
the Company and guaranteed to meet the necessary TNC qualification requirements. 

Distinct
Cars 

In
June 2017, the Company formed Distinct Cars for the purpose of developing a fleet management business to couple with the Rideshare Platform,
which was then under development. District Cars maintains a fleet of new standard and, increasingly and ultimately exclusively, electric
passenger vehicles and transit vans for the logistical space to be rented directly to drivers in the ridesharing and delivery gig economies
through the Rideshare Platform. The Company s fleet of vehicles, under lease contract and maintained by Distinct Cars, as well
as other third-party vehicles, have been made commercially available for rental bookings on the Rideshare Platform. Distinct Cars markets
and manages short and long-term vehicle rentals to ridesharing and delivery gig economy drivers. As of the date of this Report, approximately
half of these drivers are located in greater Los Angeles while the other half are located in the other six cities where we have operations. 

In
August 2017, we entered into a leasing arrangement for an initial group of twelve (12) vehicles, with the intent of testing our concept
within the ridesharing industry. Following the Company s proof of concept period, we expanded in December 2017 by adding an additional
135 vehicles to our fleet. As of January 3, 2022, Distinct Cars includes a fleet of approximately 1,000 vehicles- including standard internal
combustion engine and electric passenger vehicles as well as transit vans for the last-mile logistical space- under lease contract. Generally,
professional ridesharing and delivery gig economy drivers contract for vehicle rental periods ranging from less than three days to six
months. The rental vehicles made available to TNC drivers by the Company are configured and guaranteed to be compliant with the same
vehicle requirements promulgated by the largest private ridesharing TNCs, Uber and Lyft. 

The
Company believes that customers will rent vehicles offered by Distinct Cars in order to reduce the complexity and cost associated with
vehicle ownership, and to guarantee compliance with the TNC vehicle requirements. Depending on the make and model of the requested vehicle,
our rental prices begin at 39 per day or 795 per month. Under our full-service rental agreement, the Company provides and fully maintains
the vehicle; the services provided include preventive and regular maintenance, advanced diagnostics through our GPS solution software,
emergency road service, fleet services, and safety programs, through our Company-operated facilities. 

Commercial
Fleet Purchase Programs 

As
of December 31, 2022 our fleet consists of Tesla Model 3, Hyundai Elantra, Chevy Bolt, Hyundai Ionic, Kia Forte, Nissan Sentra and Nissan
Altimas. Through direct ordering from OEM Manufacturers and dealers, we are able to procure vehicles at or below MSRP pricing through
bulk purchases and developed relationship channels. 

5 

Vehicles
are financed through several developed capital lease financing partners: ACME Financing, Utica Leasing, Liberty Commercial and NFS Leasing. 

Additionally,
we have added an operating lease partner, Spring Free EV, to assist with additional electric vehicle procurement and financing. 

Neither
partnership is in the form of a supply or requirements contract. We submit, on an as-needed basis, purchase orders for vehicles and these
orders are fulfilled on the general terms established at the inception of the partnership program, including below-MSRP pricing. 

Vehicle
and Driver Requirements 

We
generally impose the same requirements on both drivers and vehicles as those of Uber and Lyft. Any driver who wishes to rent a car from
us or use the Rideshare Platform in their own vehicle is screened and evaluated to ensure that he or she: 

is
 at least 21 years of age; 

has
 had an in-state driver s license for at least one year; 

passes
 a background check, including a clean driving record; and 

has
 or will qualify for in-state auto insurance in their own name. 

As
noted, each of our Distinct Cars vehicles meets both Uber and Lyft vehicular requirements. If a driver does not rent a vehicle from our
fleet we obtain a motor vehicle report for his or her vehicle at the outset of their use of the Rideshare Platform, and renew it every
six months. The requirements any vehicle using the Rideshare Platform, whether from Distinct Cars or not, must meet are as follows: 

The
 vehicle must have four doors and be able to transport a minimum of four passengers; 

The
 vehicle model must be 15 years old or newer; 

The
 vehicle s title cannot be salvaged, reconstructed or rebuilt; and 

The
 vehicle must be in good physical condition with no cosmetic damage, including no missing pieces, commercial branding, or paint
 jobs. 

Also,
a vehicle used by a ridesharing driver must be able to pass an inspection test, which typically includes headlights, tail-lights, indicator
lights, stop lights, foot brakes, emergency/parking brake, steering mechanism, windshield, heat and air conditioning, front, rear and
side windows, front seat adjustment mechanism, door controls (open, close, lock), horn, speedometer, body condition/ damage, muffler
and exhaust system, condition or tires, interior and exterior rear-view mirrors and safety belts for driver and passengers. 

Insurance 

As
of the date of this Report, the Company, together with our managing general underwriter, American Business Insurance Services, Inc. (the
 MGU ), maintains an insurance policy on behalf of the Company. Under the policy the MGU handles all back-end insurance generation
and processing through an application programming interface (API) connection with the Company s databases. We believe that this
MGU insurance policy has made it possible for us to maintain our Rideshare Platform, which allows the Company to have other third-party
fleet owners supply vehicles to drivers through our platform and have them covered under the terms of our insurance policy. Our insurance
policy provides physical damage and liability coverage to all rideshare drivers under the Rideshare Platform. Under the terms of our
policy, both Rideshare Platform drivers acquiring vehicles through Distinct Cars as well as owners of their own vehicles are provided
with an insurance ID card that lists each party s name and the vehicle VIN number. Our Rideshare Platform customers pay daily (for
the duration of the rental period) to become designated as a supplemental insured party under the Company s insurance policy. Under
the terms of our policy, insurance coverage is valid from the date of commencement of the rental period up until the date that the vehicle
is returned. 

Further,
the Company s car liability and physical damage insurance policies cover both third-party vehicle owners as well as ridesharing
and delivery gig drivers under rental contract. These policies provide insurance on all listed vehicles, provided that the coverage is
suspended during periods when the ridesharing driver under rental contract with the Company is actively operating on either the Uber
or Lyft platform. 

In
September 2022, the Company added Premier Mobility Insurance Company to place additional physical damage insurance for our owned and
leased fleet. 

6 

Intellectual
Property 

As
of the date of this Report, we have two registered trademarks YayYo and the service mark for a stylized design representing
an automobile that is present in our web sites and our marketing materials. We have no applications for other trademarks at present.
We have no patents or copyrights. 

Human
Capital 

As
of the date of this Report, we had approximately 27 full-time employees, all of which are based at our offices. None of our employees
are subject to a collective bargaining agreement, and we believe that our relations with our employees generally are good. 

Regulation 

We
are subject to a number of U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business. These
laws and regulations may involve privacy, data protection, intellectual property, competition, consumer protection, export taxation or
other subjects. Many of the laws and regulations to which we are subject are still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted
in ways that could harm our business. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations often are uncertain,
particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate. Because laws and regulations have continued to develop and
evolve rapidly, it is possible that we may not be, or may not have been, compliant with each such applicable law or regulation. In addition
to the foregoing, we are also subject to the following: 

Governmental
 regulations affect almost every aspect of our business, including the classification of ridesharing and delivery gig economy drivers
 as either independent contractors or employees, the fair treatment of our employees, wage and hour issues, and our financing activities
 with customers. We could also be susceptible to claims or related actions if we fail to operate our business in accordance with applicable
 laws; 

Federal
 and state governments in our markets have increasingly placed restrictions and limitations on the vehicles sold in the market in
 an effort to combat perceived negative environmental effects. For example, in the U.S., vehicle manufacturers are subject to federally
 mandated corporate average fuel economy standards which will increase substantially through 2025. Furthermore, numerous states, including
 California, have adopted or are considering requiring the sale of specified numbers of zero-emission vehicles. Significant increases
 in fuel economy requirements and new federal or state restrictions on emissions on vehicles and automobile fuels in the U.S. could
 adversely affect prices of and demand for the new vehicles that we rent; 

We
 are subject to a wide range of environmental laws and regulations, including those governing: discharges into the air and water;
 the operation and removal of storage tanks; and the use, storage and disposal of hazardous substances. In the normal course of our
 operations we use, generate and dispose of materials covered by these laws and regulations. We face potentially significant costs
 relating to claims, penalties and remediation efforts in the event of non-compliance with existing and future laws and regulations;
 and 

The
 Financial Accounting Standards Board is currently evaluating several significant changes to generally accepted accounting standards
 in the U.S., including the rules governing the accounting for leases. Any such changes could significantly affect our reported financial
 position, earnings and cash flows. 

While
we are actively working to mitigate the impact of vehicle-related regulations through our strategy of transitioning our vehicle fleet
to electric, until such time as at least the majority of our fleet has switched, we will remain subject to such regulations. 

Changes
in the U.S. legal and regulatory environment that affect our operations, including laws and regulations relating to taxes, automobile
related liability, insurance rates, insurance products, consumer privacy, data security, employment matters, licensing and franchising,
automotive retail sales, cost and fee recovery and the banking and financing industry could disrupt our business, increase our expenses
or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. 

Competition 

The
market for providing vehicles to TNC drivers is competitive. We believe our principal competitors to be regional car rental companies
with capabilities to provide the rental of vehicles for use by drivers who work for ridesharing and delivery gig platforms, and Lyft
Express, which makes rental vehicles available to Lyft drivers. National car rental companies such as Hertz and Avis also have programs
directed at ridesharing and delivery drivers. These companies are all larger and better-resourced than we are at present and have superior
market presence and reputation. 

However,
we believe we enjoy a competitive advantage vis- -vis the above companies through our ability to directly rent cars to our customers
from our Distinct Cars fleet and the high functionality of the Rideshare Platform. We also believe that our transition to electric vehicles
over the coming years will enhance our brand and further distinguish us from our competitors. 

7 

Additional
Information 

Our
website address is www.evmo.com. This site includes a link to the Rideshare Platform site, located at www.ridesharerental.com.
 It also includes all of the press releases we have issued since our formation and an investor relations page. Our investor relations
page includes a link to all of our registration statements and periodic reports posted on the SEC s EDGAR site, including but not
limited to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These reports are available free of charge and may be accessed
via our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to,
the SEC. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Under
current SEC rules, as a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide risk factor disclosure in this Report or in any of
our periodic reports until such time as we no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company. However, we included a comprehensive set
of risk factors in a registration statement on Form S-1 that was declared effective by the SEC on December 23, 2021, and can be accessed
here: https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/0001691077/000149315221031270/forms-1a.htm . Most of these risk factors remain applicable
to our business and operations. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease and maintain our principal offices at 2301 N. Sepulveda Blvd. Manhattan Beach, CA 90266, which is where the majority of our operational
staff conducts its activities on a day-to-day basis. We do not currently own any real estate. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
have included a description of the pending legal proceedings or potential claims against us whose outcome may, either individually or
in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flows,
in Note 12 to the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 included elsewhere in this Report. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

8 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTC Markets, also known as the Pink Sheets. The ticker symbol remains YAYO, 
which is based on our original name. From the date of our initial public offering in November 2019 until February 10, 2020, the Common
Stock was traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, but we voluntarily delisted from that exchange as of that date. 

Holders 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were approximately 1,070 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

To
date, we have not paid any dividends to the holders of Common Stock and do not anticipate doing so for the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Pursuant
to outstanding SEC guidance, we have disclosed this information in Part III of this Report, under Item 12- SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT- Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

Stock
Performance Graph 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide a stock performance graph in this Report. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

There
were no unregistered sales of equity securities by the Company in fiscal 2022. The Company issued 100,000 shares of Common Stock to Mr.
Shawn Mesaros as consideration for services and support in connection with the Common Stock offering completed on January 6, 2022. 

Stock
Repurchases 

We
have not made any repurchases of the Common Stock since our initial public offering in November 2019. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

No
disclosure is required under this item at this time. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Our
Corporate History and Background 

EVmo
was initially formed on June 21, 2016 as a Delaware limited liability company under the name YayYo, LLC. The Company was
subsequently converted into a Delaware corporation pursuant to Section 265 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ).
The Company now operates as a C corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

We
became a reporting company when, on March 17, 2017, an offering circular on Form 1-A relating to a best-efforts offering of our Common
Stock pursuant to Regulation A+ of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), was qualified
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Then, on November 15, 2019, we completed an initial public offering
of 2,625,000 shares of Common Stock, at 4.00 per share, for gross proceeds, before underwriting discounts and expenses, of 10.5 million
and our Common Stock was listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the ticker symbol YAYO. 

On
February 10, 2020, after being advised by Nasdaq that it believed we no longer met the conditions for continued listing, the Company
announced its intent to voluntarily delist its Common Stock. Since delisting from Nasdaq, our Common Stock has been quoted and traded
on the Pink Open Market, which is operated by OTC Markets Group, under the same ticker symbol. The delisting was effective on March 1,
2020. 

In
September 2020, we changed our name from YayYo, Inc. to Rideshare Rental, Inc., in order for our corporate brand to better reflect our
principal businesses, ridesharing and vehicle rentals. In February 2021, we again changed our name to EVmo, Inc., to underscore our commitment
to making a full transition to electric vehicles by the end of 2024. In January 2022, we completed a follow-on offering of 27,400,000
shares of our Common Stock, at 0.50 per share, for gross proceeds, before underwriting discounts and expenses, of 13,700,000. 

9 

We
are a holding company operating principally through two wholly-owned subsidiaries: Rideshare and Distinct Cars. The Rideshare Platform
provides TNC drivers with an online booking platform, while Distinct Cars maintains a fleet of passenger vehicles and transit vans for
use in the last-mile logistical space for rent to our TNC driver customers, enabling such drivers to meet the vehicle suitability and
other requirements of rideshare and delivery gig companies such as Uber, Lyft, DoorDash and Grubhub. Through Rideshare and Distinct Cars,
we seek to become a leading provider of rental vehicles to drivers in the ridesharing and delivery gig spaces, and an industry leader
in supplying transit vans for last-mile logistics. 

Impact
of COVID-19 on our business 

On
January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency
of International Concern, and on March 11, 2020, it characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. In response, numerous
states and cities ordered their residents to cease traveling to non-essential jobs and to curtail all unnecessary travel, and similar
restrictions were recommended by the federal government. Beginning in the first quarter of 2020, which saw the initial rapid spread of
COVID-19, rideshare companies were severely and negatively impacted, as demand plummeted. Consequently, the Company experienced a decline
in revenue during the first half of 2020, which had a negative impact on our cash flows, but we then saw a positive upward movement in
revenue during the second half of 2020, which continued through fiscal 2021. Currently, through fiscal 2022, the demand for Rideshare
remains high with little impact remaining from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Given
the current prevalence of FDA-approved eligible vaccines across most age groups, the marked decrease in the number of COVID-19 infections,
hospitalizations and deaths in 2022, and the resulting easement of pandemic restrictions in our active markets, we are optimistic that
COVID-19 will not have a material impact on our operations in the current fiscal year. However, certain factors- including, for example,
a new, more aggressive and deadly variant that is resistant to the vaccines could alter our prediction. 

Principles
of consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Distinct Cars and
RideShare. (As of the date of this Report, our other wholly-owned subsidiary, EV Vehicles, has no material assets and generates no revenue,)
All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

Consolidated
Results of Operations Year ended December 31, 2022, Compared to Year ended December 31, 2021. 

Total
Revenues 

Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 12,558,427,
an increase of 2,322,797 or 22.69 compared to revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 10,235,630 The increase is attributed
to improved operating results stemming from, in part, drivers who regularly extend their vehicle rentals through Rideshare and an increase
in the size of Distinct Cars vehicle fleet. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022
were 10,068,469, an increase of 1,517,015 or 17.74 compared to cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 8,551,454.
Depreciation expense on the vehicles is included in cost of revenues. The increase is due to higher depreciation expenses due to an increase
in fleet size and higher repairs and maintenance, including body shop expenses to redeploy vehicles. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 our cost of revenue including vehicle depreciation was 19.8 and 22.0 of our revenue, respectively. The increase in the
cost of revenue is mainly attributed to an increase in body shop-related expenses, depreciation expense, auto maintenance expenses and
registration expenses due to the increase in fleet size in 2022. 

If we exclude vehicle depreciation, gross profit the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 5,465,531, an increase of 799,183 or 17.1 compared to gross profit for the year ended December 31,
2021 of 4,666,348. Excluding vehicle depreciation, gross margin the year ended December 31, 2022 was 43.5 , as compared to gross margin
for the year ending December 31, 2021 of 45.5 . 

Selling and Marketing Expenses 

Selling and marketing expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 348,277 representing an increase of 65,096 or 23.0 over the year ended December 31, 2021 of 283,181. The increase
is attributed to targeted marketing efforts to rent the additions to our fleet in each of our five operations locations. 

10 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 6,451,021, representing a decrease of 1,946,128 or 23.2 below the year ended December 31, 2021 of 8,397,149.
This decrease is attributable to spending efficiency, reduction of legal fees/settlements, and reduced professional fees. 

Total Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 were 7,042,287, representing a decrease of 1,837,796 or 20.7 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 of 8,880,083. The
decrease is due to the aggregate reasons described in the expense-related disclosure above. 

Interest Expense, Net 

Interest and financing expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 2,589,898 compared to 6,296,524 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest and financing
cost for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the completion of our capital raise in January 2022. 

Gain on Forgiveness of Debt 

Gain on forgiveness of debt for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 0 as compared to 8,000 for the same period in 2021, as, during the year ended December 31, 2021, a small balance remaining
on an Economic Impact Disaster Loan granted by the Small Business Administration Loan was forgiven. 

Net Loss 

The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022
was (7,142,227), representing an improvement of 7,842,651 or 52.3 compared to the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 of
 (14,984,878). The increase and improvement is due to the aggregate reasons described in the expense-related disclosure above. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Plan of Operations 

In November 2019, we completed
our initial public offering of Common Stock, and sold a total of 2,625,000 common shares at a price of 4.00 per share. Total gross proceeds
from the offering were 10,500,000, before deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses. 

In January 2021, we received 500,000 from one of
our stockholders in exchange for a convertible note. The note was convertible into shares of Common Stock at 0.50 per share and was converted
into 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock in February 2021. 

In April 2021, as part of a securities purchase agreement,
we issued and sold to an investor a 12.5 original issue discount convertible promissory note and a Common Stock purchase warrant. The
note had an original principal amount of 2,250,000, with an original issue discount of 250,000. It bore interest at a fixed rate of
ten percent (10 ), was convertible into shares of Common Stock at a price of 3.00 per share (subject to adjustment), and was to mature
on January 12, 2022. The warrant granted the investor the right to purchase 187,500 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 3.00,
subject to adjustment; it is exercisable at any time within five (5) years of the date of issuance and additional warrants, each for 93,750
shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of 3.00 per share, were to be issued by the Company to the investor each month that the
note remains outstanding. 

In July 2021, we entered into a term loan, guarantee
and security agreement we entered into with EICF Agent LLC, as agent for the lenders, and Energy Impact Credit Fund I, LP, as lender,
providing for a secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 15.0 million, consisting of a 7.5 million closing
date term loan facility and up to 7.5 million of borrowings under a delayed draw term loan facility. The initial loan was fully drawn
on the closing date. The term loan agreement will mature on July 9, 2026. 

In connection with the term
loan, we entered into an exchange agreement with the investor who we entered into the securities purchase agreement in April 2021. As
part of the exchange agreement, the investor agreed to exchange the note we issued to it in April 2021 for 230,375 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, and a warrant. The warrant granted the investor the right to purchase 93,750 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price
of 3.00, subject to adjustment. This warrant is exercisable in full at any time within five (5) years of the date of issuance. Additional
warrants on substantially identical terms were issued by the Company to the investor monthly until such time as the Preferred Stock was
redeemed or converted in full, after which a final warrant was issued. All of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock were converted by
their holder into shares of Common Stock, or redeemed by us, in the first quarter of 2022. 

In January 2022, we completed
a follow-on offering of 27,400,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 0.50 per share, for total gross proceeds of 13,700,000. 

11 

Current
Assets, Liabilities and Working Capital 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company s current assets totaled 2,625,891, current liabilities totaled 7,583,679, and working capital
was a deficit of 4,957,788. At December 31, 2021, the Company s current assets totaled 4,077,934, current liabilities totaled
 7,051,073, and working capital was a deficit of 2,973,139. 

Regarding
current liabilities, the amounts categorized as accounts payable and accrued expenses totaled 2,051,926 and 4,940,580 as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 2,888,654 or 58.5 . 

Since
inception, our principal sources of operating funds have been: (i) proceeds from equity financings, including two public offerings of
our Common Stock and the private sales of our Common Stock to certain investors in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities
Act; (ii) the term loan for 7.5 million described above; and (iii) revenues generated from our operations. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had 1,702,942 in cash and cash equivalents. As of the date of this Report, we do not believe that we have sufficient capital
to finance our operating expenses for the remainder of this fiscal year and the Company is actively seeking new sources of capital. 

Capital Expenditures 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had capital expenditures of 16,807,593 in leased vehicles. Most of the Company s vehicles are financed with leases. At December
31, 2022 the Company had 27,702,758 of rental vehicles, net of accumulated depreciation in the amount of 7,001,331, totaling 20,701,427
in net rental vehicles. At December 31, 2021 the Company had 13,514,619 of rental vehicles, net of accumulated depreciation in the amount
of 4,627,300, totaling 8,887,319 in net rental vehicles. Additionally, the Company purchased 132,000 in kiosks for the launch of the
Trek World project in Illinois. A contract is in place with Trek World to guarantee the costs of the kiosks through rental of the vehicles
and a revenue share potential on the point-of-sale device merchant fees. Should Trek World terminate the rental agreements. Payment in
full for the 132,000 is to be reimbursed at termination of the rentals from Trek World. The Company s rental vehicles and kiosks
are depreciated over their estimated useful life of five years. The lease terms for those rental vehicles that are leased are generally
for one to three years and the Company has the right to purchase the leased vehicle at the end of the lease terms. 

Statement
of Cash Flows 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Net
cash expended by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled (7,453,435), which was a increase of 5,999,241 from
the net cash generated from operating activities of (1,454,194) for the same period in 2021. The decrease is primarily due to the acquisition
of leased vehicles increasing the fleet size. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

Net
cash generated from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 7,434,449, which was an increase of 2,465,882
from the net cash expended in financing activities of 4,968,567 for the same period in 2021. The change is principally due to the capital
raise completed in January 2022. 

Current
Plan of Operations 

Our
plan of operations is currently focused on the growth and ongoing development of our operating businesses: (i) the Rideshare Platform,
offered through Rideshare, (ii) our vehicle fleet, which is commercially available through Distinct Cars, and (iii) our fleet management
initiatives. We expect to incur substantial expenditures in the foreseeable future for the continuing operations of our businesses. We
embarked on our EV strategy in 2021, in which we set a goal to replace our entire fleet of vehicles with all electric vehicles by 2026.
At this time, we cannot reliably estimate the timing or aggregate amount of all of the costs associated with these efforts and, as of
the date of this Report, we cannot continue to execute our EV strategy until such time as we have secured new sources of capital. 

We
continually reevaluate our plan of operations to determine how we can most effectively utilize our resources. The completion of any aspect
of our plan of operations is highly dependent upon the availability of cash to implement that aspect of the plan and other factors, several
of which are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our current capital resources will be adequate to continue to fund our
ongoing operations, nor can there be any assurance that, should we require additional capital, we will successfully obtain it on favorable
terms, or at all. The potential inadequacy of our existing capital or the inability to secure additional capital could have a material
adverse effect on us, including the possibility that we would have to sell or forego a portion or all of our assets or cease operations.
If we discontinue our operations, we may not have sufficient funds to pay any amounts to our stockholders. 

If
our operating businesses fail to achieve anticipated financial results, our existing capital will likely be depleted more quickly than
we anticipate and our ability to raise additional capital in the future to fund our operations would likely be seriously impaired. If
in the future we are not able to demonstrate favorable financial results or projections from our operating businesses, we may not be
able to raise the capital we need to continue operations. 

Our
working capital requirements depend upon numerous factors and there can be no assurance that our current cash resources will be sufficient
to fund our short-term operations. We have determined that our long-term operations will require new sources of capital, which we are
actively working to obtain at this time. 

12 

Contractual
Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 

The
Company periodically enters into a series of monthly vehicle leasing agreements with ACME Auto Leasing, Utica Leasing Company, NFS Financial
Services, Liberty Financial and Spring Free EV each with an approximate lease term of 12 to 60 months. As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the Company had total principal lease obligations before residuals and interest expense in the amount of 13,675,268 and 3,989,210,
respectively. The Company owes monthly payments under each lease agreement ranging from approximately 285 per month to 1,150 per month.
At the end of the term of most lease agreements, we have the right to purchase ownership and title of the subject vehicle for a nominal
payment. In addition, the lease agreements are subject to and secured by a grant of a purchase money security interest on each leased
vehicle. We expect the useful life of each vehicle to be approximately five years but also expect to cycle vehicles at three years. 

We
lease and maintain our principal offices at 2301 N. Sepulveda Blvd. Manhattan Beach, CA 90266 where the majority of our operational staff
conducts its activities on a day-to-day basis. We do not currently own any real estate. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we are impacted by increasing interest rates. Future financing of leased vehicles cost is accelerated
due the rising interest rates along with some of our vehicle leases adjust as the prime rates change. Additionally, our current note
payable with Energy Impact Partners monthly interest costs accelerate as prime rates are increases. 

Foreign
currency exchange rates, or that may otherwise arise from transactions in derivatives do not have an impact on our business. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S.
GAAP. Preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. In many instances, we could have reasonably used different accounting estimates and in
other instances changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. This applies in particular
to useful lives of non-current assets and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ significantly from
our estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement
presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed
below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving
our judgments and estimates. 

There
is one material deviation from GAAP related to ASC 842. The lease balances presented represent remaining principal balances of each lease
as of December 31, 2022. The disclosure identifies the future interest payments to represent the full lease payment obligations. The
current treatment is a material deviation from GAAP and ASC 842 but consistent with prior year treatment. An ASC 842 study is planned
for 2023 and the Company expects to modify and adjust to comply with ASC 842 by fiscal year end 2023. 

Equipment
and Rental Vehicles 

Equipment
and Rental Vehicles are stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions, renewals
and betterments are capitalized. When equipment is retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are
removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation of equipment and rental vehicles is
provided using the straight-line method for substantially all assets with estimated lives as follows: 

Computer
 equipment 
 5
 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 5
 years 

The
Company has not changed its estimate for the useful lives of its equipment and rental vehicles, but would expect that a decrease in the
estimated useful lives of equipment and rental vehicles of one year would result in an annual increase to depreciation expense of approximately
 675,000, and an increase in the estimated useful lives of equipment and rental vehicles of one year would result in an annual decrease
to depreciation expense of approximately 450,000. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset
and liability method of accounting for income taxes, whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences,
and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the
opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of, the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. The Company has not
changed its methodology for estimating the valuation allowance. A change in valuation allowance affect earnings in the period the adjustments
are made and could be significant due to the large valuation allowance currently established. 

13 

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that
is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue from renting its fleet of cars to ridesharing and delivery gig drivers. Revenue is recognized based on the
rental agreements which are generally on a weekly basis. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with FASB ASC 606, Revenue From
Contracts with Customers . 

We
consider a signed contract or other similar documentation reflecting the terms and conditions under which products will be provided to
be persuasive evidence of an arrangement. Collectability is assessed based on a number of factors, including payment history and the
creditworthiness of a customer. If it is determined that collection is not reasonably assured, revenue is not recognized until collection
becomes reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company records stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . FASB
ASC Topic 718 requires companies to measure compensation cost for stock-based employee compensation at fair value at the grant date and
recognize the expense over the employee s requisite service period. The Company recognizes in the statement of operations the grant-date
fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued to employees and non-employees. 

Contingencies 

Certain
conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will only
be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company s management, in consultation with its legal counsel
as appropriate, assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss
contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings,
the Company, in consultation with legal counsel, evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims, as well
as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates
it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability
would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates a potentially material loss contingency is
not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable, but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together
with an estimate of the range of possible loss, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote
are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements which appears on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

14 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A . CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures
are, without limitation, also intended to ensure that such information is gathered and communicated to management, including our chief
executive officer CEO and chief financial officer CFO ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to facilitate timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In
accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Report, an evaluation was carried
out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, to assess the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, at December
31, 2022, such disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. We elaborate on the basis for this conclusion in the discussion
contained in our Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting below. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during our most recently completed fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure
control system are met. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues, if any, within a company have been detected. Our CEO and CFO have concluded, based on their evaluation as of
the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of a control
issue described herein; however, it is possible that this evaluation failed to identify other control issues that would have reinforced
this conclusion, and for which we have not yet initiated any remedial action. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations for the implementation of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company; 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
 only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated
financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013 framework).
Based on those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting at December
31, 2022. 

15 

Our
management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting contains a material weakness. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We
do not have sufficient segregation of duties within our accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and
nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent
possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets, and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals.
Management weighed the impact of our failure to have a proper segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and
procedures and has concluded that the resulting control deficiency represented a material weakness. 

To
address this material weakness, management has implemented procedures to ensure that the financial statements balances included herein
fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. In
2021, the Company improved oversight relating to its accounting and finance functions, but has yet to hire a sufficient number of additional
accounting and finance staff to fully address the material weakness identified herein. Therefore, as of the date of this Report, this
material weakness still exists and is the basis for our conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures were, at December 31,
2022, and remain, not effective. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

16 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Stephen
 M. Sanchez 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director and Acting Board Chair 
 
 Ryan
 Saathoff 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Michael
 Harris 
 
 42 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Douglas
 M. Mox 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 John
 P. O Neill 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

Executive
Officers 

Stephen
M. Sanchez has been one of our directors since January 2020 and has served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer on a part-time
basis since February 2021. Mr. Sanchez has over 30 years of experience in the logistics industry, particularly in the design, implementation
and operation of last- mile delivery services. Since November 2019, Mr. Sanchez also serves as the CEO of PDQ Pickup LLC, a moving and
logistics company, or PDQ Pickup. From August 2019 until November 2019, Mr. Sanchez was the Chief Operating Officer of PDQ Pickup. From
January 2018 until August 2019, Mr. Sanchez was Senior Vice President of Operations and Business Development for Boxbot, Inc., a robotics
company focusing on the development and sale of autonomous last-mile delivery vehicles. From November 2015 until January 2018, Mr. Sanchez
was Senior Manager of Final Mile Process Engineering for Amazon, Inc. From September 2014 until November 2015, Mr. Sanchez served as
Vice President/Director of Supply Chain Hub and Network Planning, for LaserShip Inc., a regional provider of same-day and next-day
delivery services. Mr. Sanchez, who is a veteran of the U.S. Navy, also has held positions of increasing responsibility with affiliates
of DHL International GmbH, as well as with National Express Corporation and United Parcel Service. We believe that Mr. Sanchez is qualified
to serve as a director of our company as a result of his extensive leadership experience in logistics and business development. 

Ryan
Saathoff has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer on a part-time basis since April 2020. In addition, Mr. Saathoff
is the founder, CEO, and managing partner at RG Alliance, a privately-held full back office solutions company, with over 50 employees
and 10 of its business outside the U.S. He has served as CEO of RG Alliance since 2012, and is responsible for all strategic outcome
planning, financial strategy, process optimization, and leveraging business intelligence from key metrics. In that role, he has been
significantly involved in supporting his clients through multiple large public and private financial acquisitions and has guided several
client executive teams in taking their companies public. He also serves on the boards of several non-profit companies and is affiliated
with numerous professional and industry associations. Mr. Saathoff holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from California State University,
San Marcos. 

Michael
Harris has served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer since January 2022. Effective January 3, 2023, Michael Harris was
appointed Chief Operating Officer COO of the Company. Mr. Harris, who had previously served as the Company s Executive
Vice President, Operations and Engineering, succeeds Gregory Miller, who resigned as COO in August 2022. The Board approved and ratified
Mr. Harris s promotion to COO at a meeting held on November 29, 2022. Mr. Harris, 42, joined the Company in March 2021 as Vice
President of Engineering. Prior to then, he worked at OnTrac for over 5 years as senior manager of industrial engineering and for 12
years at FedEx Ground Shipping as an engineering manager. Mr. Harris holds a bachelor of science degree from West Virginia University
and a Master of Business Administration from Mount St. Mary s University. 

17 

Board
of Directors 

Departures: 

Terren
S. Peizer was appointed the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors in February 2021. Mr. Peizer resigned and Chairman of the
Board and from the Board of Directors on February 10, 2023. 

Harbant
S. Sidhu served as a director of the Company beginning in January 2020. Mr. Sidhu resigned as a member of the Board of Directors
on January 3, 2023. 

Current
Board of Directors: 

Douglas
M. Mox has been one of our directors since January 2020. Mr. Mox has extensive experience in financial management and strategic planning,
as well as logistics, engineering and operations. Since January 2013, Mr. Mox has been the Chief Operating Officer of Grace Thomas Investment,
a private equity firm. Prior thereto, Mr. Mox, who has a B.S. degree in aviation management/logistics, worked as a senior manager at
DHL Worldwide Express, an affiliate of DHL International GmbH, and as an industrial engineering manager for United Parcel Service. The
Company believes that Mr. Mox is qualified to serve as a director of the Company as a result of his financial expertise and his extensive
experience in the private equity and logistics industries. 

John
P. O Neill has been one of our directors since January 2020. Mr. O Neill is a 45-year veteran of the logistics industry
and has worked both in the U.S. and internationally over the course of his career. Since 1990, Mr. O Neill has been employed by
affiliates of DHL International GmbH in positions of increasing responsibility in the U.S. and throughout Asia. From March 2013 through
April 2020, Mr. O Neill was the Deputy Managing Director of DHL-Sinotrans International Air Courier, in Beijing. Mr. O Neill
returned to the U.S. and retired from DHL at the end of April 2020. Currently he provides consulting services in the logistics industry
and actively manages various investments. The Company believes that Mr. O Neill is qualified to serve as a director of the Company
as a result of his extensive leadership experience in the logistics industry. 

Stephen
M. Sanchez has been one of our directors since January 2020 and has served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer on a part-time
basis since February 2021. Mr. Sanchez has over 30 years of experience in the logistics industry, particularly in the design, implementation
and operation of last- mile delivery services. Since November 2019, Mr. Sanchez also serves as the CEO of PDQ Pickup LLC, a moving and
logistics company, or PDQ Pickup. From August 2019 until November 2019, Mr. Sanchez was the Chief Operating Officer of PDQ Pickup. From
January 2018 until August 2019, Mr. Sanchez was Senior Vice President of Operations and Business Development for Boxbot, Inc., a robotics
company focusing on the development and sale of autonomous last-mile delivery vehicles. From November 2015 until January 2018, Mr. Sanchez
was Senior Manager of Final Mile Process Engineering for Amazon, Inc. From September 2014 until November 2015, Mr. Sanchez served as
Vice President/Director of Supply Chain Hub and Network Planning, for LaserShip Inc., a regional provider of same-day and next-day
delivery services. Mr. Sanchez, who is a veteran of the U.S. Navy, also has held positions of increasing responsibility with affiliates
of DHL International GmbH, as well as with National Express Corporation and United Parcel Service. We believe that Mr. Sanchez is qualified
to serve as a director of our company as a result of his extensive leadership experience in logistics and business development. Mr. Sanchez
has been serving as the acting Board Chair since the resignation from the Board of Mr. Peizer on February 10, 2023. 

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Board
of Directors 

The
Board of Directors oversees our business affairs and monitors the performance of management. In accordance with our corporate governance
principles, the Board of Directors does not involve itself in day-to-day operations of the Company. The directors keep themselves informed
through discussions with the Chief Executive Officer, other senior executives and by reading the reports and other materials that we
send them, and by their participation in Board of Directors and committee meetings. 

Term
of Office 

Each
of our current directors, with the exception of our Executive Chairman Terren S. Peizer, was elected to the Board in January 2020 in
accordance with Section 3 of the Company s By-Laws. Mr. Peizer was appointed to the Board by a unanimous vote of the directors
in connection with an expansion of the Board that was authorized in February 2021. Since the current term of office for each director
is one year, and the Board has not yet scheduled an annual meeting of Company shareholders or arranged to take action by unanimous written
consent of a majority of Company shareholders, each director may, as of the date of this Report, be considered a holdover director. 

The
Board size was expanded in February 2021 from five to seven members, although the Board has yet to take action to fill the vacancies
in its membership. At such time as the Board has been fully constituted, it intends to take action to elect its membership either at
a meeting of Company shareholders or by unanimous written consent of a majority of Company shareholders. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors is comprised of a majority of independent directors as defined under Rule 803 of the NYSE American Company
Guide Rule 803 ). Although we are not currently listed on the NYSE American (or any other national securities exchange),
we are using Rule 803 s definition of independence to make this determination. Rule 803 provides that an independent
director is a person other than an executive officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship
which, in the opinion of the Company s Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Rule 803 further provides that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

the
 director is, or at any time during the past three (3) years was, an employee of the Company, not including interim employment that
 lasted less than one (1) year; 

the
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the Company in excess of 120,000 during any period of
 twelve (12) consecutive months within the three (3) years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exemptions,
 including, among other things, compensation for Board or Board committee service); 

the
 director who is a family member of a person who served as an executive officer of the Company at any time during the past three (3)
 years; 

18 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling shareholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to
 which the Company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exemptions); 

the
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
 (3) years, any of the executive officers of the Company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the
 past three (3) years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the Company s audit. 

Under
such definitions, our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director
concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board has determined that Douglas M. Mox and John P. O Neill
are all independent directors of the Company. However, our Common Stock is not currently quoted or listed on any national exchange or
interdealer quotation system with a requirement that a majority of our Board be independent and, therefore, the Company is not subject
to any director independence requirements. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

The
Board oversees our business and considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. The Board currently implements
its risk oversight function as a whole. Each of the Board committees, as set forth below, will also provide risk oversight in respect
of its areas of concentration and reports material risks to the board for further consideration. 

Board
of Directors Meetings and Attendance 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors held three (3) meetings. There was a quorum present at each meeting. 

Code
of Ethics 

Although
we are not required to do so, as our Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange in which an adopted Code of Ethics
would be a listing requirement, our Board plans at some point to adopt a written code of business conduct and ethics (a Code that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to post on our website a current copy of the Code
and all disclosures that are required by law in regard to any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board has established an audit committee and a compensation committee. The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees
of our Board is described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until as otherwise determined by our Board
of Directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee consisting of Douglas M. Mox and John P. O Neill (the Audit Committee ). The Audit
Committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the Board
 whether the audited financial statements should be included in our annual disclosure report; 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
 of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the
 services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

19 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and
 the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving
 reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

Consistent
with the requirements of Rule 803, the Audit Committee is composed exclusively of independent directors, at least one of whom has past
employment experience in finance or accounting, holds a professional certification in accounting, or has some other comparable experience
or background that results in the individual being financially sophisticated, including but not limited to being a CEO,
CFO or other senior officer with financial oversight. However, neither of Messrs. Mox or O Neill qualifies as an Audit Committee
financial expert, as that term is defined in current SEC regulations. The Board size has recently been expanded and we expect
that one if not more than one of our new directors to be added to the Board will so qualify. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee held one meeting. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the Board of Directors, which consists of Douglas Mox and Stephen M. Sanchez, the former
of whom is an independent director. Mr. Mox is also a non-employee director, as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act, or Rule 16b-3, and an outside director, as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, or Section
162(m). Mr. Sanchez is the chairman of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in
our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviews,
 approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding, the compensation of our executive officers; 

administers
 our equity compensation plans; 

reviews
 and approves, or makes recommendations to our board of directors, regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans;
 and 

establishes
 and reviews general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee held one meeting. 

Nominating
Committee 

We
do not currently have a nominating committee. Instead of having such a committee, our Board of Directors historically has searched for
and evaluated qualified individuals to become nominees for membership on our Board of Directors. The directors recommend candidates for
nomination for election or reelection and, as necessary, to fill vacancies and newly created directorships. 

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates which may be recommended by our stockholders, including the
minimum qualifications for director candidates, nor has our Board of Directors established a process for identifying and evaluating director
nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates by our stockholders,
including the procedures to be followed. In the event such a proposal is made, all members of our Board will participate in the consideration
of director nominees. 

20 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, none of our current directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
 prior to that time; 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
 or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
 any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be
 associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and- desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation
 prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Except
as set forth above and in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors
or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates
which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Shareholder
Communications 

Currently,
we do not have a process for shareholders to send communications to the Board of Directors. To date, no shareholders have made any recommendations
to us to adopt such a policy. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Based
solely upon a review of copies of such forms filed on Forms 3, 4, and 5, and amendments thereto furnished to us, we believe as of the
date of this Report that our current executive officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners have filed on a timely
basis all Section 16(a) reports required to be filed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

21 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table provides information regarding the compensation earned for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for (i) all individuals
serving as our principal executive officer or acting in a similar capacity during 2022 PEO ), and (ii) our two most highly
compensated executive officers other than the PEO who were serving as executive officers at the end of 2022: 

Name and principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Stephen M. Sanchez 
 2022 
 309,750 
 
 0 
 4,406 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 314,156 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2021 
 262,500 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 299,036 

Ryan Saathoff 
 2022 
 249,996 
 0 
 0 
 17,601 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 267,600 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 
 196,500 
 0 
 0 
 17,601 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 214,101 

Gregory Miller 
 2022 
 100,108 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 100,108 
 
 Chief Operating Officer (3) 
 2021 
 187,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 187,500 

Ramy El-Batrawi 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (4) 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Laurie DiGiovanni 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Former Chief Operating Officer (5) 
 2021 
 53,846 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 53,846 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Sanchez was appointed Chief Executive Officer in February 2021, Prior to then, he served as chairman of the Board, for which he was
 compensated 5,000 non-qualified stock options each fiscal quarter, which compensation he still receives as he remains on the Board
 as a non-independent director. That compensation is reflected in the Director Compensation table below. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Saathoff has served as Chief Financial Officer since April 2020. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Miller was appointed Chief Operating Officer in April 2021 and served until June 2022. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 El-Batrawi served as Chief Executive Officer from February 2020 until February 2021. He did not take any compensation for his service
 during this period. 

(5) 
 Ms.
 DiGiovanni served as Chief Operating Officer during the entirety of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. 

Bonuses 

No
bonuses were paid to any executive officers in 2022 or 2021. 

22 

Employment
Agreements 

No
current executive officer of the Company has, as of the date of this Report, entered into an employment agreement with the Company. Upon
the entry into any such employment agreement, the Company will file it with a future periodic report. 

Director
Compensation 

Directors
are currently compensated for their service on the Board through a quarterly grant of 5,000 non-qualified stock options, entitling the
director to receive one share of Common Stock for each option granted at a strike price of the closing price of the Common Stock as of
the grant date. Directors do not receive any additional compensation for their service on a Board committee, if any. 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees Earned or Paid 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non- Equity Incentive 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Stephen M. Sanchez 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 4,406 
 0 
 0 
 4,406 
 
 Acting Board Chair 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 

Douglas M. Mox 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 4,406 
 0 
 0 
 4,406 

2021 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 

John P. O Neill 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 4,406 
 0 
 0 
 4,406 

2021 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 

Harbant S. Sidhu 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 4,406 
 0 
 0 
 4,406 

2021 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 
 0 
 0 
 36,536 

Terren S. Peizer 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

-
Mr. Peizer joined the Board as its Executive Chairman in February 2021. He did not take any compensation for his service as a director.
Mr. Peizer resigned from the board of directors and as Executive Chairman on February 10, 2023 

-Mr.
Sidhu resigned from the Board of Directors on January 3, 2023. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table shows the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock (our only outstanding calls of voting securities) as of December 31,
2022, of (i) each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of at least five percent (5 of our outstanding Common Stock; (ii) each
director; (iii) each executive officer; and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and generally includes voting power and/or investment power with respect
to the securities held. Shares of Common Stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days as
of December 31, 2022, are deemed outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding such options or warrants for purposes of computing
the number of shares and percentage beneficially owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage
beneficially owned by any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, the persons or entities named have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

23 

The
percentages in the table below are based on an aggregate of 69,802,649 outstanding shares of Common Stock. Unless otherwise indicated,
the principal mailing address of each of the persons below is c/o EVmo, Inc., 3201 N. Sepulveda Blvd. Manhattan Beach, CA 90266. The
Company s executive office is also located at 2301 N. Sepulveda Blvd. Manhattan Beach, CA 90266. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Title 
 Amount Beneficially Owned 
 Total Percentage 
 
 Officers and Directors (1) 

Terren S. Peizer (2) 
 Executive Chairman 
 12,616,819 
 18.07 
 
 Ryan Saathoff 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 275,000 (3) 

Gregory Miller 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 0 

Stephen M. Sanchez 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 130,556 (4) 

Douglas M. Mox 
 Director 
 50,000 (5) 

John P. O Neill 
 Director 
 398,987 (6) 

Harbant S. Sidhu 
 Director 
 105,000 (7) 

All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 
 13,576,362 
 19.45 

Greater than 5 Stockholders 

Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC (8) 
 
 12,616,819 
 18.07 
 
 Ault Alliance, Inc. (9) 
 
 10,000,000 
 14.33 
 
 Cavalry Fund I Management, LP (10) 
 
 4,962,502 
 7.11 

- less than 1.0 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the principal address of the named directors and officers of the Company is c/o YayYo, Inc., 2301 N. Sepulveda
 Blvd. Manhattan Beach, CA 90266. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr.
 Peizer is the sole member of Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC. He has sole voting and investment power over these shares. 
 
 (3) 
 This
 total includes non-qualified stock options to purchase up to an aggregate of 62,500 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 (4) 
 This
 total includes non-qualified stock options to purchase up to an aggregate of 50,000 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr.
 Mox s entire beneficial ownership at present consists of non-qualified stock options. 
 
 (6) 
 This
 total includes non-qualified stock options to purchase up to an aggregate of 50,000 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 (7) 
 This
 total includes non-qualified stock options to purchase up to an aggregate of 50,000 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 (8) 
 Please
 see footnote (2) above. 
 
 (9) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2023, the address of Ault Alliance, Inc (formerly BitNile Holdings Inc.). is 11411 Southern
 Highlands Parkway, Suite 240, Las Vegas, NV 89141. The signatories of the Schedule 13G filed by Ault Alliance, Inc. are its executive
 chairman, Milton C. Ault, III and David J. Katzoff. To the best of the Company s knowledge, Messrs. Ault and Katzoff may be
 deemed to share voting and investment power over these shares. 
 
 (10) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2023, Cavalry Fund I Management, LLC is identified as the general partner of Cavalry Fund
 I LP., both of which report ownership of 4,962,502 shares of Common Stock. Thomas Walsh is identified therein as the manager of Cavalry
 Fund I Management, LLC and, to the best of the Company s knowledge, may be deemed to have voting and investment power over
 these shares. The address of Mr. Walsh and these affiliated entities is stated in the Schedule 13G/A as 82 E. Allendale Rd., Ste.
 5B, Saddle River, NJ 07458. 

24 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

On
November 30, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan that governs
equity awards to our employees, directors, officers, consultants and other eligible participants. Under the 2016 Plan there are 10,000,000
shares of common stock reserved for issuance. 

The
types of awards permitted under the 2016 Plan include qualified incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options. Each option
shall be exercisable at such times and subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify. 

The
Board of Directors has the power to amend, suspend or terminate the 2016 Plan without stockholder approval or ratification at any time
or from time to time. No change may be made that increases the total number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance pursuant
to incentive awards or reduces the minimum exercise price for options or exchange of options for other incentive awards, unless such
change is authorized by our stockholders within one year. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth all unexercised options and unvested restricted stock that have been awarded to our named executives by the
Company and were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Name
 and principal Position 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable (#) 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable (#) 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option
 exercise price ) 
 Option
 expiration date 
 Number
 of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) 
 Market
 value of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ) 
 
 Ryan
 Saathoff 
 62,500 
 0 
 0 
 0.22 
 7/25/2025 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Stephen
 M. 
 5,000 

0.22 
 7/8/2025 

Sanchez 
 5,000 

0.21 
 10/8/2025 

5,000 

0.53 
 1/6/2026 

5,000 

3.80 
 4/6/2026 

5,000 

2.12 
 7/6/2026 

5,000 

0.94 
 10/6/2026 

5,000 

0.55 
 1/6/2027 

5,000 

0.39 
 4/7/2027 

5,000 

0.36 
 7/7/2027 

5,000 
 0 
 0 
 0.30 
 9/7/2027 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Douglas 
 5,000 

0.22 
 7/8/2025 

M.
 Mox 
 5,000 

0.21 
 10/8/2025 

5,000 

0.53 
 1/6/2026 

5,000 

3.80 
 4/6/2026 

5,000 

2.12 
 7/6/2026 

5,000 

0.94 
 10/6/2026 

5,000 

0.55 
 1/6/2027 

5,000 

0.39 
 4/7/2027 

5,000 

0.36 
 7/7/2027 

5,000 
 0 
 0 
 0.30 
 9/7/2027 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

John
 P. 
 5,000 

0.22 
 7/8/2025 

O Neill 
 5,000 

0.21 
 10/8/2025 

5,000 

0.53 
 1/6/2026 

5,000 

3.80 
 4/6/2026 

5,000 

2.12 
 7/6/2026 

5,000 

0.94 
 10/6/2026 

5,000 

0.55 
 1/6/2027 

5,000 

0.39 
 4/7/2027 

5,000 

0.36 
 7/7/2027 

5,000 
 0 
 0 
 0.30 
 9/7/2027 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Harbant
 S. 
 5,000 

0.22 
 7/8/2025 

Sidhu 
 5,000 

0.21 
 10/8/2025 

5,000 

0.53 
 1/6/2026 

5,000 

3.80 
 4/6/2026 

5,000 

2.12 
 7/6/2026 

5,000 

0.94 
 10/6/2026 

5,000 

0.55 
 1/6/2027 

5,000 

0.39 
 4/7/2027 

5,000 

0.36 
 7/7/2027 

5,000 
 0 
 0 
 0.30 
 9/7/2027 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

25 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

We
have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against specified liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to contribute
to payments the underwriters may be required to make in respect thereof. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

As
of the date of this Report, there is only one transaction in which: 

we
 have been or are to be a participant; 

the
 amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of our total assets at the end of our last two completed
 fiscal years; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member
 of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s Executive Chairman, Terren S. Peizer, extended a short-term note payable
to the Company in an amount totaling 600,000. Further, that note was exchanged on February 10, 2023 for a long-term note payable of
 1,600,000. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Gries
and Associates Gries served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. 

AJ
Robbins CPA, LLC AJ Robbins served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

On
January 13, 2022, AJ Robbins submitted a letter of resignation to the Board and the Audit Committee. The resignation, which was effective
immediately, resulted from the retirement of the managing member of AJ Robbins and the related unwinding of the business. On January
20, 2022, the Board appointed Gries as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Aggregate
fees billed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm over the last two fiscal years are set forth below: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees and quarterly reviews (1) 
 131,000 
 131,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 

Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees (2) 
 3,000 
 65,250 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees include fees for audit or review services in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, such as statutory audits
 and services rendered for compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 (2) 
 Other
 fees include services performed in connection with financing activities during fiscal year, paid to AJ Robbins for final review of
 the capital raise details completed in January 2022. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

Our
Audit Committee has not adopted policies and procedures for pre-approval of audit or non-audit services to be performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm The Audit Committee pre-approved the engagements for all services performed by the independent registered
public accounting firm referred to above. 

26 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial
Statement Schedules 

Our
consolidated financial statements are listed on the Index to Financial Statements on this annual report on Form 10-K beginning on page
F-1. 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements
or notes thereto. 

Exhibits 

Most
of the documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Report have been incorporated by reference to this Report, in each case as indicated
therein (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 

Certain
of the agreements filed or incorporated as exhibits to this Report contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements
that have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which
 disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may
 apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were
 made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties
were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

27 

EVmo,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Contents 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Certified
 Public Accountants 
 501
 S. Cherry Street Ste 1100 
 80246 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
EVmo, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of EVmo, Inc. (the Company), which comprise the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of Operations, Changes in Stockholder s Equity, and Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes to the financial statements. In our opinion, except for the effects on the financial statements of not properly accounting
for ASC 842, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the period then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

In
our opinion, the entity has not properly accounted for the accounting standard 842, Leases , for the year ended December 31, 2022.
The current impact on the financial statements is unable to be determined at the date of this report, but the impact would likely have
an effect on the fixed assets, notes payable, interest accruals, and profit and loss statement. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United Sates) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we were required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. According we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluation of the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis
of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The
Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions
continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical
area in which the Company plans to operate. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Denver,
 Colorado 

April
 21, 2023 

PCAOB
 #6778 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

501
S. Cherry Street Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado 80246 

 (O)720-464-2875
(M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 

F- 2 

EVmo,
Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Rental vehicles, net 

Right of use asset 
 - 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable (including and to related party) 

Credit Cards 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Notes payables, current (net of discount of and 

Customer deposit - related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 Finance lease obligations, current 

Operating lease obligations, current 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Advance from related parties, non-current 

Note payable, net of current portion (net of discount of and 

Finance lease obligations, net of current portion 

Operating lease obligations, net of current portion 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Series B Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; nil and shares issued
 and outstanding 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; nil shares issued and
 outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares
 issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

EVmo,
Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

includes vehicle depreciation 
 80.17 
 83.55 
 
 Gross profit 

19.83 
 16.45 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing expenses 

Product development 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest and financing costs 

Other income 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding : 

Basic 

Diluted 

Loss per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

EVmo,
Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, Dec 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Issuance of common stock for cash 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of convertible debt 

Issuance of common stock for financing cost 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Stock option expense 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

- 
 
 Issuance of common stock for exercise of stock options 

Stock option expense 

Net Loss 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of stock options 

Stock option expense 

Net Loss 

Balance, September 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of stock options 
 
 - 

Stock Option expense 

Net Loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock for cash 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for cashless exercise of stock options 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock for settlement of litigation 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of convertible debt 

- 

Issuance of common stock for settlement agreement 

- 

Issuance of common stock for financing cost 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature associated with convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock option expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, March 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of stock options 

Beneficial conversion feature associated with convertible debt 

Value of warrants issued with convertible debt 

Fair value of warrants issued for financing costs 

Stock option expense 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock for cashless exercise of stock options 

- 
 
 Issuance of common stock for settlement of litigation 

Value of warrants issued with note payable 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued for financing costs 
 - 

Stock option expense 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

EVmo,
Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock option expense 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Common stock issued for financing costs 

Preferred stock issued for financing costs 
 - 

Common stock issued for settlement agreement 
 - 

Common stock issued for litigation settlement 
 - 

Gain on Forgiveness of Debt 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued for financing costs 

Operating lease expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Vehicle Deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Credit Cards 
 
 - 
 
 Customer deposit - related party 
 - 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from advance from related parties 

Repayment of advance from related parties 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible note payable 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable, net 
 - 

Repayment of notes payable 

Redemption of Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of finance lease obligations 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

CASH PAID FOR: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payment of accounts payable/accrued expenses with common stock 
 - 

Finance lease obligations 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

EVmo,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

under the laws of the state of originally as a limited liability
company and subsequently converted to a Delaware C corporation. The Company was originally incorporated under the name of YayYo, Inc.
and changed its name to Rideshare Rental, Inc. on September 11, 2020. On March 1, 2021, the Company changed its name from Rideshare Rental,
Inc. to EVmo, Inc. The accompanying financial statements are retroactively restated to present the Company as a C corporation from June
21, 2016. The Company primarily rents vehicles to drivers for ridesharing Transportation Network Companies TNCs such
as Uber and Lyft, as well as drivers in the delivery gig-economy. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(GAAP) with one exception. The lease balances are remaining principal balances of each leasing as of December 31, 2022. The disclosure
above identifies the future interest payments to represent the full lease payment obligations. The current treatment is a material deviation
from GAAP and ASC 842 but consistent with prior year treatment. An ASC 842 study is planned for 2023 and the Company expects to modify
and adjust to comply with ASC 842 by fiscal year end 2023. 

Risk
and Uncertainties 

On
January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency
of International Concern, and on March 11, 2020, it characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. In response, numerous
states and cities ordered their residents to cease traveling to non-essential jobs and to curtail all unnecessary travel, and similar
restrictions were recommended by the federal government. Beginning in the first quarter of 2020, which saw the initial rapid spread of
COVID-19, rideshare companies were severely and negatively impacted, as demand plummeted. Consequently, the Company experienced a decline
in revenue during the first half of 2020, which had a negative impact on our cash flows, but we then saw a positive upward movement in
revenue during the second half of 2020, which continued through fiscal 2021. Currently, through fiscal 2022, the demand for Rideshare
remains high with little impact remaining from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Given
the current prevalence of FDA-approved eligible vaccines across most age groups, the marked decrease in the number of COVID-19 infections,
hospitalizations and deaths in 2022, and the resulting easement of pandemic restrictions in our active markets, we are optimistic that
COVID-19 will not have a material impact on our operations in the current fiscal year. However, certain factors- including, for example,
a new, more aggressive and deadly variant that is resistant to the vaccines could alter our prediction. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we are impacted by increasing interest rates. Future financing of leased vehicles cost is accelerated
due the rising interest rates along with some of our vehicle leases adjust as the prime rates change. Additionally, our current note
payable with Energy Impact Partners monthly interest costs accelerate as prime rates are increases. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

years 
 
 Officer
 furniture 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 

Vehicles 
 
 years 

. The adoption had no effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

warrants
and options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and warrants and options outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

(the Common Stock at the average market price during the
period. Due to the net loss incurred potentially dilutive instruments would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted loss per share is
the same as basic loss for all periods presented. There were and potentially dilutive options and warrants outstanding
at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Office furniture 

Leasehold improvement 

Property and Equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Rental vehicles, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Rental vehicles, net 

The
Company s rental vehicles are depreciated over their estimated useful life of . Depreciation expense for leased assets
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. A majority of the rental vehicles are leased
with terms are generally for to months and the Company has the right to purchase the vehicles at the end of the lease terms. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

per annum; ; due from dates ranging from to ; unsecured. Paid in Full July 2021. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Note Payable Terren Peizer. Interest. Secured by Warrants issued. 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable to a finance company, interest at LIBOR plus 
 per annum; monthly principal payments of 
 of principal balance beginning August 1, 2022, with unpaid principal due on July 9, 2026 (A) 

Total notes payable 

Unamortized debt discount 

Notes payable, net discount 

Less current portion 

Long-term portion 

(A) 
 million
 (collectively, the Term Loans ), consisting of a million closing date term loan facility (the Closing Date
 Term Loan and up to million of borrowings under a delayed draw term loan facility (the Delayed Draw Term Loan
 Facility ). The Closing Date Term Loan was fully drawn on the Closing Date, while the Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility is available
 upon the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent specified in the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Agreement matures on . Borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement bear interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), plus
 a margin of . As a condition precedent to the Agent and the Lender entering into the Term Loan Agreement, the Company issued
 to the Lender a common stock purchase warrant, dated as of the Closing Date (the Warrant ), which grants the Lender
 the right to purchase up to million shares of the common stock of the Company, par value (the Common Stock ),
 at an exercise price of , subject to adjustment as set forth in the Warrant. The Warrant is subject to vesting, with 
 shares of Common Stock exercisable as of the Closing Date and the remainder exercisable only in the event that the Company borrows
 under the Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility or fails to consummate a qualifying equity transaction on or before October 7, 2021. The
 Warrant has no expiration date. In addition, in October 2021, the Company was required to issue to Lender a warrant for shares
 of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share as a penalty since the Company was unable to raise equity capital within
 90 days of the date of this agreement. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

In
connection with the issuance of this note payable, the Company also issued a warrant to purchase shares of its Common Stock at
an exercise price of per shares. The aggregate relative fair value of these warrants was and was recorded as a discount
on the note payable and as additional paid in capital. In addition, the Company incurred of cost related to this note payable.
The total discount of is being amortized over the term of the notes payable. In addition, after the public offering and conversion
of most of the Series B Preferred Stock, the two warrants issued to Energy Impact Credit Fund I, LP in 2021 for shares and 
shares of Common Stock, respectively, were subject to adjustment according to their terms. The warrant for shares has been adjusted
to one for shares at an exercise price of and the warrant for shares has been adjusted to one for at
an exercise price of per share. 

Issued for cash 

Lease obligation converted to note payable 

Forgiveness of note payable 

Repayments 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Notes payable, December 31, 2020 

Issued for cash 

Payment of cost associated with issuance of note payable 

Debt discount related to notes payable 

Forgiveness of note payable 

Repayments 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Notes payable, December 31, 2021 

Issued for cash 

Repayments 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Notes payable, December 31, 2022 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Notes payable 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

convertible notes as of December 31, 2022 

Less current portion 

Long-term portion 

New lease obligations 

Disposal of leased vehicles 

Lease obligation converted to note payable 

Payments on lease obligations 

Lease obligations, December 31, 2020 

New lease obligations 

Payments on lease obligations 

Lease obligations, December 31, 2021 

New lease obligations 

Payments on lease obligations 

Lease obligations, December 31, 2022 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total payments 

Amount representing interest 

Lease obligation, net 

The
lease balances are remaining principal balances of each leasing as of December 31, 2022. The disclosure above identifies the future interest
payments to represent the full lease payment obligations. The current treatment is a material deviation from GAAP and ASC 842 but consistent
with prior year treatment. An ASC 842 study is planned for 2023 and the Company expects to modify and adjust to comply with ASC 842 by
fiscal year end 2023. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2024 

Total payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total obligation 

Less: current portion 
 (0 
 
 Non-current capital leases obligations 
 0 

The
lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 was . The cash paid under operating leases for the years ended December 31,
2022 was . 

shares of capital stock, which consists of shares of Common Stock, par value
per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

There
is outstanding Series B Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022. 

In
January 2022, EVMO issued shares of Common Stock for the conversion of shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The remaining
 outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock were redeemed by the Company. 

Common
Stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company: 

Issued
 shares of Common Stock in a registered public offering for gross proceeds of . 

Issued
 shares of Common Stock for the conversion of shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The remaining outstanding
 shares of Series B Preferred Stock were redeemed by the Company. 

Issued
 shares of Common Stock for services and support rendered during the Capital Raise
 completed on January 6, 2022 to Shawn Mesaros. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Stock
Options 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

For
options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 where the exercise price equaled the stock price at the date of the grant, the
weighted-average fair value of such options was and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was . No options were
granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 where the exercise price was less than the stock price at the date of grant or the exercise
price was greater than the stock price at the date of grant. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
fair value of the stock options is being amortized to stock option expense over the vesting period. The Company recorded stock option
expenses of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized
stock option expense was . 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected life of the options 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Warrants 

- 
 
 Granted 

Forfeited 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Outstanding September 30, 2022 

Exercisable, September 30,
 2022 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

owned by Ryan Saathoff, CFO. Total professional fees expensed in 2022 for
RGA is 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company agreed to a Note Payable with its then-Executive Chairman, Terren Peizer, of to assist with
collateral required to add Premier Mobility Insurance Company and enhance the Company s physical damage insurance program.9 

In
fiscal year 2022, the Company rented Transit Vans to PDQ Pickup LLC PDQ ). PDQ is owned by Terren Peizer and its CEO is
Steve Sanchez, also the Company s CEO. The total revenue generated from the van rentals in 2022 was . 

State income taxes 

Permanent differences 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Effective rate 

- 

Accrued expenses 

Total deferred income tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred income tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The
valuation allowance increased by and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as a result of the Company generating additional
net operating losses. 

The
Company has recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 a valuation allowance of and , respectively, as it believes
that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in future years. Management has based its assessment
on the Company s lack of profitable operating history. 

The
Company conducts an analysis of its tax positions and has concluded that it has no uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

The
Company has net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately . Such amounts are subject to IRS code section 382 limitations
and expire in . The 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022 tax year is still subject to audit. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in lawsuits and other legal proceedings that arise in the course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and it is not possible to predict the outcome of litigation with total confidence. The Company
is currently not aware of any litigation or asserted potential litigation against it whose outcome would be likely, individually or in
the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flows,
other than those described below. 

Anthony
Davis v. YayYo, Inc., and Ramy El-Batrawi: No 20STCV09143 

 Robert
Vanech v. YayYo, Inc., and Ramy El-Batrawi, No. 21STCV45724 

These
two cases Anthony Davis v. YayYo, Inc., and Ramy El-Batrawi: No 20STCV09143 (Davis) and Robert Vanech v. YayYo, Inc., and Ramy El-Batrawi,
No. 21STCV45724 (Vanech) raise similar claims against the Company by two former executives who worked briefly for the Company in 2016-17.
 The Davis complaint was filed on March 5, 2020, in the Los Angeles Superior Court by plaintiff Anthony Davis, who like Vanech was
hired by the Company as its CEO (Davis) or CFO (Vanech) and as directors on or about December 2016. Both Vanech s and Davis s
employment with the Company ended after several months. As part of their compensation, Davis/Vanech allege that they expected to receive
stock options in the Company. In their respective pleadings, both Davis and Vanech admit that each person resigned from their executive
officer and director positions but assert that they did not receive certain compensation in the form of stock options. The Company denies
liability and has asserted that it has paid Davis and/or Vanech all amounts due to them under their respective employment agreements/settlement
agreements, while also asserting that both Davis and Vanech failed to exercise their respective stock options before they expired on
December 31, 2018. The Company filed a demurrer to each plaintiff s amended complaint, which the Superior Court granted in part
and denied in part. Plaintiff Davis has since filed a second amended complaint on October 8, 2021, to which the Company has filed an
answer. The Company s position is that the lawsuits entirely lack merit, and the Company intends to defend each case vigorously.
Plaintiffs have now filed a motion to consolidate the two actions-based similarity of the facts (and defenses) and that motion is pending.
The cases, whether consolidated or not, are expected to go to trial later in 2023 and will be decided in two bench trials or pursuant
to summary judgement. 

The
Company s position as to both lawsuits is that Davis and Vanech s claims entirely lack merit, and the Company intends
to defend against the lawsuits vigorously. 

Zada
v. EVMO, Inc and Rami El-Batrawi, Los Angeles Superior Court No. 21STCV43510 

On
November 29, 2021, a complaint was filed by Norman Zada, a Company shareholder, against EVmo and El-Batrawi alleging breach of contract
and fraud in connection with the plaintiff s purchase of shares of Common Stock in February 2018 that the plaintiff claims
he did not receive for over three years. By the time the plaintiff was able to acquire the shares, the value of the stock had
dropped to per share. By virtue of the allegedly late delivery of shares, the plaintiff alleges damages of approximately .
Other allegations of wrongdoing on Mr. El-Batrawi s behalf are included in the complaint but add nothing of a material nature to
the legal dispute. Both El-Batrawi and EVmo presently intend to file demurrers to the Complaint and if necessary vigorously defendant
the lawsuit on the merits. 

Bellridge
Capital, LP, v. EVmo, Inc., 1:21-cv-07091-PGG (Filed in Southern District of New York) 

In
the first half of 2021, a warrant holder, Bellridge Capital, LP Bellridge ), sought to exercise a warrant for 
shares, with a stated exercise price of per share, for a nominal amount, claiming that an anti-dilution adjustment had been triggered
in 2020, which had reduced the exercise price to such amount. The Company rejected the exercise, on the basis that the warrant had previously
been amended to remove that anti-dilution adjustment. In September 2021, the warrant holder brought suit for damages in the Southern
District of New York. In March 2023, the parties to this litigation entered into a settlement agreement. Please see Note 14- Subsequent
Events below. 

million paid out in equal installments every three months over the course of 2022. These payments have been
and will continue to be timely made. Executive Chairman Terren Peizer provided his personal guarantee for the whole amount due to the
plaintiffs. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

On
July 12, 2022, the district court presiding over In re YayYo Securities Litigation signed an order and final judgment with respect
to the settlement described herein. The plaintiffs in the State Cases were bound by this settlement and therefore the State Cases were
subject to dismissal by operation of law. On October 19, 2022, the court presiding over the State Cases signed the order of dismissal. 

Konop
v. El-Batrawi, et al., 1:20-cv-1379- MN (Filed in Del. District Court) 

On
October 12, 2020, a complaint was filed in Delaware District Court, which complaint was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District
Court for the Central District of California and assigned as a related case to the judge in In re YayYo Securities Litigation .
This case was a purported shareholder derivative action, in which the Company was a nominal defendant, alleging that the Company s
executive officers and directors at the time of its IPO made false and misleading statements relating to the Company s business,
operations, and future prospects and that the directors breached their fiduciary duties in doing so. Upon the settlement and dismissal
of In re YayYo Securities Litigation , this case was also subject to a motion to dismissal, which the district court granted and
the action was terminated on September 19, 2022. 

. As consideration for Mr. Peizer s action, the Company
 issued to Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC, a California limited liability company and the personal
 investment vehicle of Mr. Peizer Acuitas ), a secured promissory note in the
 principal amount of (the Note ), which was then exchanged for an
 earlier promissory note in the principal amount of , issued by the Company to Mr.
 Peizer on September 30, 2022, which earlier note was then cancelled. The Note is convertible
 into shares of Common Stock, at the option of Mr. Peizer, at a conversion price of 
 per share. In addition, the Company issued to Acuitas a Common Stock purchase warrant for
 common shares, which is exercisable at a price of (the Warrant ).
 The Note and the Warrant were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration pursuant
 to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act; 

On
 February 16, 2023, the Company received correspondence from EICF constituting a notice of
 events of default and reservation of rights (the Notice of Default under the
 Term Loan Agreement. The Notice of Default purports that certain events of default under
 the Term Loan Agreement have occurred and are continuing, including a failure by the Company
 to: (i) timely deliver a required financial report, (ii) timely deliver a required liquidity
 certificate, (iii) maintain the maximum net leverage ratio required under a financial covenant,
 and (iv) maintain the minimum liquidity required under a financial covenant. EICF has informed
 the Company in the Notice of Default that EICF and the lenders are now entitled to exercise
 any and all default-related rights and remedies, that any delay in doing so should not be
 construed as a consent to or waiver of any of the purported events of default, and that any
 outstanding amounts under the Term Loan Agreement, including the principal of million
 and any accrued but unpaid interest, may become due or payable. Further, EICF may realize
 the collateral pledged under the Term Loan Agreement, which consists of substantially all
 of the property and assets of the Company; and 

On
 March 16, 2023, the Company and Bellridge entered into a settlement agreement relating to
 the litigation between them described in Note 12- Contingencies above (the
 Settlement Agreement ). The Settlement Agreement provides for the immediate
 issuance by the Company to Bellridge of shares of Common Stock and an aggregate
 cash payment by the Company to Bellridge of over a 36-month period, subject to
 downward adjustment if the market price of the Common Stock exceeds certain thresholds set forth in the Settlement Agreement. Upon execution of the Settlement Agreement by the
 parties, and contingent upon the obligations of the Company as set forth therein being fulfilled,
 the complaint brought by Bellridge was dismissed with prejudice. 

F- 19 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of YayYo, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 contained in the Company s
 Form 1-A filed on December 15, 2016). 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated By-laws of YayYo, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 contained in the Company s Form S-1/A filed on
 June 7, 2018). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 contained
 in the Company s Form 1-A filed on December 15, 2016). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 contained
 in the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2021). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction for the Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.2 contained in the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

4.2 
 
 Warrant,
 dated March 8, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 contained in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed on
 filed on March 31, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Warrant issued to Energy Impact Credit Fund I, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 contained in the Company s
 current report on Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of Warrant issued to bridge lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 contained in the Company s current report on
 Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2021). 

10.1+ 
 
 2016
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 contained in the Company s Form S-1/A filed on June 7, 2018). 

10.2 
 
 Term
 Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement with EICF Agent LLC and Energy Impact Credit Fund I, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 contained in the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2021). 

28 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed
 on March 31, 2021) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed or furnished herewith. 

+
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement in which directors or executive officers participate. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 3 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
April 21, 2023 

EVmo,
 Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Stephen M. Sanchez 

Stephen
 M. Sanchez 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Saathoff 

Ryan
 Saathoff 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Stephen M. Sanchez 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and 
 
 April
 21, 2023 
 
 Stephen
 M. Sanchez 
 
 Director
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Ryan Saathoff 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April
 21, 2023 
 
 Ryan
 Saathoff 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Douglas M. Mox 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 21, 2023 
 
 Douglas
 M. Mox 

/s/
 John P. O Neill 
 
 Director 

John
 P. O Neill 

April
 21, 2023 

30 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following description of our securities is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual terms and provisions
of the capital stock contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws. 

General 

EVmo,
Inc. (the Company, we, our, and us is authorized to issue two classes of stock.
The total number of shares of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is 100,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 90,000,000
shares of common stock, 0.000001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.000001 par value per share. 

Common
Stock 

The
holders of our common stock are entitled to the following rights: 

Voting
Rights 

Each
share of our common stock entitles its holder to one vote per share on all matters to be voted or consented upon by the stockholders.
Holders of our common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to limitations under Delaware law and preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock that we may decide to issue in the
future, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends or other distributions, if any, as may be declared
by our Board out of funds legally available therefor. 

Liquidation
Rights 

In
the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our business, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably
in the assets available for distribution after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the prior rights of
the holders of our preferred stock. 

Other
Matters 

The
holders of our common stock have no subscription, redemption or conversion privileges. Our common stock does not entitle its holders
to preemptive rights. All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The rights, preferences and
privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock which
we may issue in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
authorized preferred stock consists of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.000001 per share. As of the date of this annual
report on Form 10-K, 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock have been designated as Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock, none
of which have been issued, and 230,550 shares have been designated as Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock, of which 230,375
shares were issued in 2021. However, all such shares have either been converted into common stock or redeemed by us by the date of this
annual report on Form 10-K. Our Board has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more classes or series and to fix the designations,
powers, preferences, and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof including dividend rights, dividend rates,
conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting
any class or series, without further vote or action by the stockholders. 

While
we do not currently have any plans for the further issuance of any preferred stock, the issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect
the rights of the holders of common stock and, therefore, reduce the value of the common stock. It is not possible to state the actual
effect of the issuance of any shares of preferred stock on the rights of holders of the common stock until the Board of Directors determines
the specific rights of the holders of the preferred stock; however, these effects may include: 

Restricting
 dividends on the common stock; 

Diluting
 the voting power of the common stock; 

Impairing
 the liquidation rights of the common stock; or 

Delaying
 or preventing a change-in-control of the Company without further action by the stockholders. 

Warrants 

On
March 8, 2018, the Company issued a warrant to purchase a total of 1,500,000 shares of Company common stock at the exercise price of
 4.00 per share. The shares of Company common stock underlying this warrant were registered as part of our initial public offering. 

In
November 2019, the Company issued two warrants, one each to the underwriters of our initial public offering of common stock. Each warrant
was for 65,625 common shares at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. 

In
April 2021, in connection with a financing transaction, the Company issued a warrant for 187,500 common shares at an exercise price of
 3.00 per share. The terms of the financing required us to issue additional warrants each month until such time as there were no securities
outstanding other than the warrants. The Company issued eight warrants, each for 93,750 common shares, at an exercise price of 3.00. 

On
July 8, 2021, as part of a financing transaction, the Company issued a warrant to purchase a total of 450,000 shares of common stock
at the exercise price of 2.10 per share. On October 7, 2021, the Company issued an additional warrant to the same holder, this time
for 900,000 common shares at an exercise price of 0.93. After our common stock offering and the conversion of our Series B preferred
stock into common stock in January 2022, these warrants were adjusted according to their terms as follows: the warrant for 450,000 shares
was adjusted to 711,656 shares at an exercise price of 1.33 and the warrant for 900,000 shares was adjusted to 1,174,311 shares at an
exercise price of 0.71. 

Options 

2016
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
November 30, 2016, we adopted our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to reward and provide incentives to our officers,
directors, employees, consultants and other eligible participants. We set aside options to purchase up to 10,000,000 shares of common
stock for issuance under the Plan, which may be granted in the form of either incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options.
Our Board of Directors administers the Plan and has the authority: (i) to select the Plan recipients, the time or times at which awards
may be granted, the number of shares to be subject to each option awarded, the vesting schedule of the options, and the price at which
the options may be exercised, and (ii) to amend the Plan. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Stephen M. Sanchez, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EVmo, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 April 21, 2023 

/s/
 Stephen M. Sanchez 

Stephen
 M. Sanchez 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Ryan Saathoff, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EVmo, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 April 21, 2023 

/s/
 Ryan Saathoff 

Ryan
 Saathoff 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, for the purposes of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his capacity as an officer of EVmo, Inc. EVmo ), that to his knowledge: 

1.
This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of EVmo for the period covered by this Report. 

This
certification is executed as of April 21, 2023. 

/s/
 Stephen M. Sanchez 

Stephen
 M. Sanchez 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, for the purposes of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his capacity as an officer of EVmo, Inc. EVmo ), that to his knowledge: 

1.
This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of EVmo for the period covered by this Report. 

This
certification is executed as of April 21, 2023. 

/s/
 Ryan Saathoff 

Ryan
 Saathoff 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 yayo-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 yayo-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 yayo-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 yayo-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

