<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230630_10-K_edgar_data_1740797_0001740797-23-000046.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>685731</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>188347</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>124997</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>335062</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001740797-23-000046.hdr.sgml : 20230630
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230630092732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001740797-23-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001740797
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				384053064
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-225433
		FILM NUMBER:		231059801

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5348 VEGAS DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-5091747

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5348 VEGAS DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FREECOOK
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180515

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001740797-23-000046.txt : 20230630

10-K
 1
 tren_10k2023.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-K 

[ X ] Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended March 31 , 2023 

[ ] Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number: 333-225433 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC. 
 
 (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter) 

NV 
 7370 
 38-4053064 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Number) 

(IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

c/o Eastbiz.com,
Inc 5348 Vegas
Drive , Las
Vegas , NV ,
 89108 

 (Address of principal executive
offices and Zip Code) 

(866) 533-0065 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

headoffice@free-cook.com 

 (Registrant s email) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value 
 
 TREN 
 
 OTC Markets 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X]
No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 
 Non-accelerated Filer 
 [X] 
 Smaller reporting company 
 [ X ] 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Emerging growth company 
 [ X ] 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. [
] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

As of September 30, 2022, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately 38,547,169 which is computed
based upon the closing price on that date of the Common Stock of the registrant on the OTC QB maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc. of
 1.73. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of 5 or
more of its Common Stock are deemed affiliates of the registrant. 

State the number of shares outstanding of each of
the issuer's classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 64,503,811 common shares issued and outstanding as of June
29, 2023. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

2 | Page 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business. 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 15 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties. 
 15 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal proceedings. 
 15 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 15 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 17 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 17 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 24 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 24 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 41 
 
 Item 9A (T). 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 42 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 42 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company. 
 42 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 45 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 46 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 46 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 47 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 47 

Signatures 
 48 

3 | Page 

STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

In this annual report, references to TREND ,
 TREN , or the Company, or we, or us, and our refer to TREND INNOVATIONS
HOLDING INC. Except for the historical information contained herein, some of the statements in this report contain forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are found in the sections entitled Business, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk. They include statements concerning: our business strategy; expectations of market and customer response; liquidity
and capital expenditures; future sources of revenues; expansion of our proposed product line; and trends in industry activity generally.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as may, will, should, 
 expect, plan, could, anticipate, intend, believe, 
 estimate, predict, potential, goal, or continue or similar terminology.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, but not limited
to, the risks outlined under Risk Factors, that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. For example, assumptions that could cause actual results to vary materially from future
results include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully develop and market our products to customers; our ability to generate
customer demand for our products in our target markets; the development of our target markets and market opportunities; our ability to
manufacture suitable products at a competitive cost; market pricing for our products and for competing products; the extent of increasing
competition; technological developments in our target markets and the development of alternate, competing technologies in them; and sales
of shares by existing shareholders. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Unless we are required to do so under U.S. federal
securities laws or other applicable laws, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements. 

Below
is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address
all of the risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor summary,
as well as other risks and uncertainties that we face, can be found under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The below summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties.
You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K as part of your evaluation of an investment in our securities. 

We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. 

The COVID-19 outbreak caused disruptions in our development operations, which have resulted in delays in existing projects and may have additional negative impacts on our operations. 

Our results of operations have not resulted in profitability and we may not be able to achieve profitability going forward. 

We have not generated positive cash flow from operations and our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. If we are unable to generate positive cash flow or obtain sufficient capital when needed, our business and future prospects will be adversely affected and we could be forced to suspend or discontinue operations. 

We will require additional capital to support business growth and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

We depend upon key personnel and need additional personnel. 

Our business requires substantial capital and if we are unable to maintain adequate cash flows from operations our profitability and financial condition will suffer and jeopardize our ability to continue operations. 

4 | Page 

There is currently a limited public market for our common stock. Failure to further develop or maintain a trading market could negatively affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your stock. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our stock. 

Because we are quoted on the OTC QB marketplace instead of a national securities exchange, our investors may experience significant volatility in the market price of our stock and have difficulty selling their shares. 

Our stock price and trading volume may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

We have not paid dividends in the past and have no immediate plans to pay cash dividends. 

Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market for our Common Stock. 

You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. 

Our charter documents and Nevada law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. 

There are limitations on director/officer liability. 

Penny stock regulations may impose certain restrictions on marketability of our securities. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

PART I 

 Item 1. Description of Business 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING
INC. is a technology company specializing in acquiring, creating, and developing innovative and advanced technologies utilizing artificial
intelligence (AI) as well as providing a host of Information Technology consulting services. The Company consider itself native expert
in the field of information technology based on artificial intelligence. Recently, the Company acquired Avant! AI and InstantFAME ,
two technologies operating in multi-billion-dollar industries. 

Until said acquisitions,
the Company's Thy News application was one of the Company's key projects. Thy News is a worldwide application used for processing
news from multiple sources. Thy News was created for users who value their time but want to keep up with the latest in world news. The
app offers the user the opportunity to create their own news feeds solely from those sources that are of interest to them, as well as
creating additional news feeds segmented by topic 

In summer 2018, the Company started operations with
development of a trading platform for users who cook at home and want to sell their food on the Internet and home-cooked food lovers. 

On June 28, 2019, the Company acquired Thy News LLC,
an owner of a news application with feed from various sources that users can choose and customize. It is available for free download in
Apple AppStore and Google Play Market. Users also will be able to subscribe for additional paid features that extend the functionality
of the original app. At the moment of the first release, the app s news database consisted of 24,000 processed news sources, and
as of December 31, 2019 this amount increased for more 75,000 processed sources to a total of 99,000 processed sources. From January 1,
2020 to March 31, 2023 the Company acquired additional 50,000 processed sources. As of March 31, 2023, the users of the app have an opportunity
to choose interesting and relevant news feeds from 149,000 processed sources. 

5 | Page 

On March 30, 2020, the Company acquired Itnia Co.
LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company, an owner of MB Lemalike Innovations. The company provides services in the field of IT consulting
using artificial intelligence technologies. Itnia Co. LLC, on behalf of Lemalike Innovations, provides IT consulting services including:
i) Project Management and Software Administration; ii) Financial and Asset Management for IT; iii) Service Management for IT; iv) Event
Management for IT. 

On March 6,
2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock from 255,000,000 to 520,000,000 shares (the
 Charter Amendment of which 500,000,000 shall be common stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 20,000,000 shall be blank
check preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share. The term blank check refers to preferred stock, the creation and issuance
of which is authorized in advance by the stockholders and the terms, rights and features of which are determined by the Board upon issuance.
The authorization of such blank check preferred stock would permit the Board to authorize and issue preferred stock from time to time
in one or more series. 

On March 27, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Convertible Promissory
Note (the DL Convertible Note in the aggregate principal amount of 125,100 for a purchase price of 104,250. The DL Convertible
Note has a maturity date of June 27, 2024 and the Company has agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Convertible
Note at the rate of eight percent (8.0 per annum from the date on which the DL Convertible Note is issued until the same becomes due
and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL
Convertible Note, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to DL as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. 

The outstanding principal amount of the DL Convertible
Note may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the date the DL Convertible Note is issued.
Following the 180 th day, DL may convert the DL Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period
preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default (as defined in the
DL Convertible Note), the DL Convertible Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a
conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed
4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

The issuances of the DL Note and the DL Convertible
Note was made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ),
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. 

Acquiring Avant! AI Assets 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA along with GBT Tokenize Corp. Seller ), which Seller developed and
owns a proprietary system and method named Avant-Ai, which is a text-generation, deep learning self-training model that is working based
on an innovative, unique concept which learns on its own and constantly enhances its information database with the advantage of unsupervised
learning capabilities (the System ). 

 At closing, in consideration of acquiring
the System, the Company shall issue to the Seller 26,000,000 common shares of the Company (the Shares ). The Shares will
be restricted per Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Seller agreed
to a lock-up period of nine (9) months following closing (the Lock Up Term ). In the event the Company is unable to up-list
to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, the Seller may request within
three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions contemplated by the APA be unwound. 

In addition, the Company and Seller
entered into a license agreement regarding the System, granting the Seller a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license
for using the System enabling everyday users to have the experience of trading nft/crypto and become famous according to their artwork
creations, without actually performing an actual trade while monetizing on their artwork creations. 

Acquiring Instant Fame Assets 

6 | Page 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, entered into an
Asset Purchase Agreement Treasure APA with Treasure Drive Ltd. TD pursuant to which the Company agreed
to acquire a technology portfolio including certain source codes and pending patent applications which have applications in a variety
of areas including creating systems and methods of facilitating digital rating and secured sales of digital works as well as core virtual
reality platforms known as digital auction systems, rating and secure sales via open bid auctions Instant Fame Assets ). 

At closing, in consideration of the
Instant Fame Assets, the Company shall issue to TD 5,000 convertible preferred shares of the Company with a stated valued at 5,000 per
share each (the Preferred Shares Series A ). The Preferred Shares Series A may be converted at the option of TD into the
Company shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a 5 discount to the weighted average closing price during the five (5)
days prior of such conversion, and will include a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation. The Preferred Shares Series A will have voting
rights on an as converted and will be entitled to a payment equal to the stated value of the Preferred Shares Series A in the event of
the Company liquidation only. In the event the Company is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior
to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, TD may request within three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions
contemplated by the Treasure APA be unwound. 

 basis 

 In addition, the Company and Elentina Group,
LLC Elentina entered into a Service Agreements in which Elentina, was engaged to provide certain capital markets services
for a flat quarterly fee of 75,000 paid in shares of common stock (the Eletina Common Stock ). The Elentina Common Stock
to be issued within five days of the first day of quarter during the term (ie January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1). The Eletina Common
Stock shall be fully earned upon issuance. The number of shares of Eletina Common Stock to be issued will be determined by dividing the
quarterly fee of 75,000 by the Company s ten (10) day VWAP, which shall at no point be less than 0.10 per share. 

The offer, sale and issuance of the
above securities was made to an accredited investor and the Company relied upon the exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated there under with regard to the sale. No advertising or general solicitation
was employed in offering the securities. The offer and sales were made to an accredited investor and transfer of the common stock will
be restricted by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 As disclosed above, on April 3, 2023,
the Company, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement Treasure APA with Treasure Drive Ltd. TD pursuant
to which the Company acquired a technology portfolio including certain source codes and pending patent applications which have applications
in a variety of areas including creating systems and methods of facilitating digital rating and secured sales of digital works as well
as core virtual reality platforms known as digital auction systems, rating and secure sales via open bid auctions Instant Fame
Assets ). 

At closing, in consideration of the
Instant Fame Assets, the Company shall issue to TD 5,000 convertible preferred shares of the Company with a stated valued at 5,000 per
share each (the Preferred Shares Series A ). The Preferred Shares Series A may be converted at the option of TD into the
Company shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a 5 discount to the weighted average closing price during the five (5)
days prior of such conversion, and will include a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation. The Preferred Shares Series A will have voting
rights on an as converted and will be entitled to a payment equal to the stated value of the Preferred Shares Series A in the event of
the Company liquidation only. In the event the Company is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior
to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, TD may request within three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions
contemplated by the Treasure APA be unwound. 

In
connection with the offering, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation to its Articles of Incorporation designating 5,000 shares
of its Preferred Stock of Series A. 

On
April 18, 2023, Vladimir Hanin resigned from the positions of the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. 

On April 20, 2023, the Company and
Kenneth L. Waggoner entered into an Executive Compensation Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Waggoner was retained as Chief Executive
Officer CEO ). 

7 | Page 

In consideration for serving as
CEO, Mr. Waggoner will receive an annual base salary of 720,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the CEO Shares ),
which shall be increased to 1,440,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The CEO Shares will be paid on a quarterly
basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of CEO Shares will be issued on a quarterly basis and
shall be determined by dividing 180,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the Company s 20-day VWAP. On
April 26, 2023, the parties enter into Amendment No. 1 to Executive Compensation Agreement adding to the consideration of Mr. Waggoner
for serving as CEO, that If Mr. Waggoner raises sufficient equity financing or other working capital, Mr. Waggoner shall be entitled to
an additional bonus to be determine by the Company s Board of Directors which in any event will not be less than 200,000 payable
to the Executive within 30 days of such financing or infusion of capital. 

 Mr. Waggoner has 45 years of experience
in management, business, operations, and law. Mr. Waggoner started his career as an attorney in private practice. From 1986 to 2003, he
was senior partner with Brobeck, Phleger and Harrison. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Waggoner served as the Vice President and General Counsel
of Chevron s global downstream operations. Mr. Waggoner served as the Chief Executive Officer, President and General Counsel of
PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. between 2013 and 2022. During that time, he was also the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Waggoner received his Juris
Doctorate with honors in 1973 from Loyola University School of Law in Los Angeles. 

 Natalija Tunevic resigned as CEO and Director
of the Company but will continue to serve as a Secretary of the Company. Mr. Racius was reassigned from the position of Chief Operating
Officer to the position of Chief Financial Officer. 

 The above offers and sales of the CEO
Shares were made to Mr. Waggoner, an accredited investor, and the Company relied upon the exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), with regards to the sales. No advertising or general solicitation was
employed in offerings the securities. The offer and sale were made to an accredited investor and transfer of the securities was restricted
by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the 1933 Act. 

On April 27, 2023, the Company and Paul
Averill entered into an Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Averill was retained as Chief Operating Officer COO ). 

 In consideration for serving as COO,
Mr. Averill will receive an annual base salary of 600,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the COO Shares ),
which shall be increased to 1,200,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The COO Shares will be paid on a quarterly
basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of COO Shares to be issued on a quarterly basis shall
be determined by dividing 150,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the Company s 20-day VWAP. Mr. Averill shall
be paid a one-time 150,000 cash payment no later than thirty (30) days after the Company raises sufficient equity financing or other
working capital. 

 Mr. Averill is an accomplished technology
and operational entrepreneur who excels at developing and executing growth strategies for venture and private equity-backed companies.
He has extensive experience in building and managing high performance teams that tackle market challenges in creative and innovative ways.
From August 2022 to present, Mr. Averill served as the acting CEO of Wired4Tech, Inc., an information
technology services and software development company providing a range of technology services including application development, public/private
cloud development, outsourcing, performance testing and tuning. Parallel to Wired4Tech, Inc Mr. Averill is acting President
and COO of SOS Technologies, LLC, a crisis notification and response-time mitigation, threat surveillance and workplace safety platform.
From 2011 to 2022, Mr. Averill was the founder of Wired4Health Inc., a full-service healthcare technology services company focused on
data integration, any-to-any data transformation, technology risk assessment, due diligence, data-driven customer product implementations
and software development. Wired4Health has implemented data-driven applications for over 3,000+ healthcare organizations and maintains
in excess of 25,000 data feeds supporting 123 million unique patients. 

 The above offers and sales of the COO
Shares were made to Mr. Averill, an accredited investor, and the Company relied upon the exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), with regards to the sales. No advertising or general solicitation was
employed in offerings the securities. The offer and sale were made to an accredited investors and transfer of the securities was restricted
by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the 1933 Act. 

On May 8, 2023, the Company and Percy
Kwong PK entered into a Technology Advisor Compensation Agreement pursuant to which PK agreed to provide certain technical
consulting services similar in nature to the services a Chief Technology Officer at a Nasdaq listed technology company of the same size
as the Company would provide. 

8 | Page 

In consideration for providing the services, PK will
receive a quarterly base compensation of 150,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the PK Shares ). The
PK Shares will be paid on a quarterly basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of PK Shares to
be issued on a quarterly basis shall be determined by dividing 150,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by 85 of the Company s
VWAP prior to issuance, which shall at no point be less than 0.10 per share. once the Company s Stock is listed on Nasdaq or any
other National Stock Exchange, retroactive to April 15, 2023, the Company shall pay the Advisor a quarterly fee of 250,000 during the
Term and any Additional Term. 

Effective May 24, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State which changed the Company s name from Trend Innovations
Holding Inc to Avant Technologies Inc. Said name changed was not approved by FINRA as of the date of this report. Effective December 5,
2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State which changed the
Company s name from FreeCook to Trend Innovations Holding Inc. On May 23, 2023, the Company filed an application with the Financial
Industry Regulation Authority (FINRA) in order to change the name and trading symbol of the Company. The Company is seeking to change
the name of the Company from Trend Innovations Holding Inc. to Avant Technologies Inc. to better reflect the current business of the Company. 

Employees Identification of Certain Significant
Employees. 

The Company s Board Members
include: Natalija Tunevic, Secretary, CEO; Ivan Lunegov, President; Vitalis Racius, Director, Treasurer Principal Accounting
and Financial Officer, and Paul Averill, COO. Please refer to Item 11 for more details. 

Offices 

The Company rents a virtual office at c/o Eastbiz.com,
Inc 5348 Vegas Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89108. 

Clients and Customers 

We are dependent on three customers for the majority
of our Total Sales Revenue. 

Our primary customers are responsible for generating
69 of our Total Sales Revenue. The loss of these three customers or the reduction in current business operations would have a material
adverse effect on us as we would not have sufficient capital to continue operations for an extended period of time. We may be unsuccessful
in our continuous efforts to acquire new customers to further diversify the sources of our revenue. 

Government Regulation 

We will be required to comply with all regulations,
rules, and directives of governmental authorities including the US Securities and Exchange Commission and agencies applicable to our business
in any jurisdiction with which we would conduct activities. We do not believe that governmental regulations will have a material impact
on the way we conduct our business. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, the Company
is not required to include the disclosure under this Item 1A. Risk Factors. Despite the fact that we are not required to provide risk
factors, we consider the following factors to be risks to our continued growth and development: 

WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY IN AN EVOLVING
INDUSTRY, WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE PROSPECTS AND MAY INCREASE THE RISK THAT WE WILL NOT BE SUCCESSFUL. 

We have a limited operating history in an evolving
industry that may not develop as expected. Assessing our business and future prospects is challenging in light of the risks and difficulties
we may encounter. These risks and difficulties include our ability to: 

accurately forecast our revenues and plan our operating expenses; 

successfully expand our business; 

9 | Page 

assimilate our acquisitions; 

adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways consumers and businesses interact with technology; 

avoid interruptions or disruptions in the offering of our products and our services; 

develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment of new features and products; 

hire, integrate and retain talented sales, customer service, technology and other personnel; and 

effectively manage rapid growth in personnel and operations; and 

global COVID-19 pandemic 

If the demand for our services and/or platforms/products
offered or our products under development are not finalized, our business will be harmed. We may not be able to successfully address these
risks and difficulties, which could harm our business and results of operations. 

OUR LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY MAKES IT DIFFICULT
FOR US TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE BUSINESS PROSPECTS AND MAKE DECISIONS BASED ON THOSE ESTIMATES OF OUR FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

We have a limited operating history and, as a
consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Reliance on the historical
results may not be representative of the results we will achieve. Because of the uncertainties related to our limited historical operations,
we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses. If we make poor budgetary
decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or continue to incur losses. 

THE COVID-19 OUTBREAK HAS CAUSED DISRUPTIONS IN
OUR DEVELOPMENT OPERATIONS, WHICH HAVE RESULTED IN DELAYS ON EXISTING PROJECTS AND MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL NEGATIVE IMPACTS ON OUR OPERATIONS 

The Company operates in a high-tech marketplace and
relies on professionals and partnerships all over the world, which is impacted by the global pandemic, causing the Company s resources
to be affected. Our business operations have been and may continue to be materially and adversely affected by the coronavirus disease
COVID-19. 

An outbreak of respiratory illness caused by COVID-19
emerged in Wuhan city, Hubei province, PRC, in late 2019 and expanded globally. COVID-19 is considered to be highly contagious and poses
a serious public health threat. 

Since then, other measures have been imposed in other
countries and major cities in the USA, including Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and throughout the world in an effort to contain the COVID-19
outbreak. The World Health Organization (the WHO is closely monitoring and evaluating the situation. On March 11, 2020,
the WHO declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic, expanding its assessment of the threat beyond the global health emergency it had
announced in January. Any outbreak of such epidemic illness or other adverse public health developments in the USA or elsewhere in the
world may materially and adversely affect the global economy, our markets and our business. The stay-at-home order was lifted in California
on January 25, 2021, and as such we were able to relocate our virtual offices space and resume normal operations. 

In the first quarter of 2020,
the COVID-19 outbreak caused disruptions in our development operations, which resulted in delays on exiting projects. The entire country,
the economy in general has begun to slowly re-open following the introduction of the COVID-19 vaccine. During the fourth quarter of 2021,
the omicron variants surfaced and has significantly impacted the United States and globally. However, in the event COVID-19, the omicron
variant or other variant is to worsen or again surface any further unforeseen delay in our operations of the development, delivery and
assembly process within any of our activities could continue to result in, increased costs and reduced revenue. 

10 | Page 

We cannot foresee whether
the outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants will continue to be effectively contained. If the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively and
timely controlled, our business operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected as a result of the deteriorating
market outlook for sales, the slowdown in regional and national economic growth, weakened liquidity and financial condition of our customers
and vendors or other factors that we cannot foresee. Any of these factors and other factors beyond our control could have an adverse effect
on the overall business environment, cause uncertainties, cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot predict and materially and
adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAVE NOT RESULTED IN
PROFITABILITY AND WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACHIEVE PROFITABILITY GOING FORWARD 

The Company does not accrue or capitalize development
costs (or any costs to this effect) and expense it to its profit and loss statements as required by US GAAP. As such, the Company incurred
a net loss of 348,933 for the year ended March 31, 2023 and net loss of 126,521 for the year ended March 31, 2022. If we incur additional
significant operating losses, our stock price, may decline, perhaps significantly. Our management is developing plans to alleviate the
negative trends and conditions described above. Our business plan is speculative and unproven. There is no assurance that we will be successful
in executing our business plan or that even if we successfully implement our business plan, that we will be able to curtail our losses
now or in the future. Further, as we are an emerging enterprise, we expect that net losses will continue, and our working capital deficiency
will increase. 

WE HAVE NOT GENERATED POSITIVE CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS,
AND OUR ABILITY TO GENERATE POSITIVE CASH FLOW IS UNCERTAIN. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO GENERATE POSITIVE CASH FLOW OR OBTAIN SUFFICIENT CAPITAL
WHEN NEEDED, OUR BUSINESS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED AND WE COULD BE FORCED TO SUSPEND OR DISCONTINUE OPERATIONS. 

Our operations have not generated positive cash flow
for any period since our inception, and we have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of common stock and short-term and
long-term debt and convertible debt. Our limited operating history makes an evaluation of our future prospects difficult. The actual amount
of funds that we will need to meet our operating needs will be determined by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
These factors include the timing and volume of sales transactions, the success of our marketing strategy, market acceptance of our products,
the success of our manufacturing and research and development efforts (including any unanticipated delays), our manufacturing and labor
costs, the costs associated with obtaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, regulatory changes, competition, technological
developments in the market, evolving industry standards and the amount of working capital investments we are required to make. 

Our ability to continue to operate until we are able
to generate sufficient our cash flow from operations will depend on our ability to generate sufficient positive cash flow from our operations.
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from our operations, our business and future prospects will be adversely affected and
we could be forced to suspend or discontinue operations. 

The Company had a, stockholders deficit of
 608,159 and an accumulated deficit of 822,880 at March 31, 2023. 

WE WILL REQUIRE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL TO SUPPORT BUSINESS
GROWTH, AND THIS CAPITAL MIGHT NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS, IF AT ALL. 

We intend to continue to make investments to support
our business growth and we will require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features
and products or enhance our existing products, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies.
Further, we need additional capital to continue operations. Accordingly, we need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional
funds. We expect that we have sufficient capital to maintain operations through the year of 2023/4. In order to fully implement our business
plan, we will need to raise about 10,000,000 If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities,
our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and
privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive
covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for
us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional
financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us
when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be impaired, and
our business may be harmed. 

11 | Page 

WE DEPEND UPON KEY PERSONNEL AND NEED ADDITIONAL
PERSONNEL 

Our success depends on our inability to attract and
retain key personnel including our existing personal, and our inability to do so may materially and adversely affect our business operations. The
loss of qualified personnel could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. Additionally, the success of the Company s
operations will largely depend upon its ability to successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified key management personnel.
As with any company with limited resources, there can be no guaranty that the Company will be able to attract such individuals or that
the presence of such individuals will necessarily translate into profitability for the Company. 

OUR BUSINESS REQUIRES SUBSTANTIAL CAPITAL, AND
IF WE ARE UNABLE TO MAINTAIN ADEQUATE CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATIONS OUR PROFITABILITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION WILL SUFFER AND JEOPARDIZE
OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE OPERATIONS 

We require substantial capital to support our operations.
If we are unable to generate adequate cash flows from our operations, maintain adequate financing or other sources of capital are not
available, we could be forced to suspend, curtail or reduce our operations, which could harm our revenues, profitability, financial condition
and business prospects. 

THERE IS CURRENTLY A LIMITED PUBLIC MARKET FOR
OUR COMMON STOCK. FAILURE TO FURTHER DEVELOP OR MAINTAIN A TRADING MARKET COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT THE VALUE OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND MAKE
IT DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO SELL YOUR STOCK. 

There is a limited public market for our Common Stock,
which is traded on the OTC QB under the symbol TREN. We cannot give any assurances that there will ever be a mature, developed market
for our common stock. Failure to further develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our shares
and make it difficult for you to sell your shares or recover any part of your investment in us. Even if a market for our common stock
does develop in a material way, the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile. In addition to the uncertainties relating
to our future operating performance and the profitability of our operations, factors such as variations in our interim financial results,
or various, as yet unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our
common stock. 

IF WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN
AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACCURATELY REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS OR PREVENT FRAUD. AS A RESULT,
CURRENT AND POTENTIAL STOCKHOLDERS COULD LOSE CONFIDENCE IN OUR FINANCIAL REPORTING, WHICH WOULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND THE TRADING PRICE
OF OUR STOCK. 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports
or prevent fraud, our brand and operating results could be harmed. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas
of our internal controls that need improvement. For example, for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we reported that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the lack of resources and the reliance on outside consultants. We intend to increase
management s review of our financials. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate
controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties
encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior
internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect
on the trading price of our stock. 

Additional Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Because we are quoted on the OTC QB marketplace
instead of a national securities exchange, our investors may experience significant volatility in the market price of our stock and have
difficulty selling their shares. 

12 | Page 

Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTC Market
Group s OTC QB marketplace under the ticker symbol TREN . The OTC is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time
quotes and last sale prices in over-the-counter securities. Trading in shares quoted on the OTC QB is often thin and characterized by
volatility. This volatility may be caused by a variety of factors, including the lack of readily available price quotations, the absence
of consistent administrative supervision of bid and ask quotations, lower trading volume and market conditions. As a result, there may
be wide fluctuations in the market price of the shares of our Common Stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance, and this volatility,
when it occurs, may have a negative effect on the market price for our securities. Moreover, the OTC QB is not a stock exchange, and trading
of securities on this platform is more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a national quotation system or stock exchange.
Accordingly, our stockholders may not be able to realize a fair price from their shares when they determine to sell them or may have to
hold them for a substantial period of time until the market for our Common Stock improves. 

Our stock price and trading volume may be volatile,
which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

The equity trading markets may experience periods
of volatility, which could result in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of equity securities. The market price of our Common Stock
could change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, our industry or our operating performance and financial condition.
In addition, the trading volume in our Common Stock has been low and may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. We
have experienced significant volatility in the price of our stock. In addition, the stock markets in general can experience considerable
price and volume fluctuations. 

We have not paid dividends in the past and have
no immediate plans to pay cash dividends. 

We plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the extent
we have earnings, to develop and deliver our products and cover operating costs and to otherwise become and remain competitive. We do
not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we would, at any
time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available for distribution to the holders of our Common Stock as a dividend. Therefore,
you should not expect to receive cash dividends on our Common Stock. 

Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect
the market for our Common Stock. 

Of the 64,503,811 shares of our Common Stock outstanding
as of the date of this Annual Report, approximately 40,070,847 are restricted and 24,432,964 shares are freely tradable without restriction
pursuant to Rule 144. Any substantial sale of our Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale prospectus may have a material
adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

You may experience future dilution as a result
of future equity offerings. 

To raise additional capital, we may in the future
offer additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock at prices that may
not be the same as the price per share in this offering. We may sell shares or other securities in any future offering at a price per
share that is lower than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, which would result in those newly issued shares being
dilutive. In addition, investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders,
which could impair the value of your shares. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our Common Stock, or securities
convertible or exchangeable into shares of our Common Stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid
by investors in this offering. 

Our charter documents and Nevada law may inhibit
a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and
bylaws and applicable provisions of Nevada law may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control
or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions
that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. The provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

limit who may call stockholder meetings; 

do not provide for cumulative voting rights; and 

provide that all vacancies may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. 

13 | Page 

There are limitations on director/officer liability. 

As permitted by Nevada law, our certificate of incorporation
limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of a director s fiduciary duty except for liability in certain
instances. As a result of our charter provision and Nevada law, shareholders may have limited rights to recover against directors for
breach of fiduciary duty. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that we shall indemnify our directors and officers to
the fullest extent permitted by law. 

Penny stock regulations may impose certain restrictions on marketability
of our securities. 

The SEC adopted regulations which generally define
a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5 per share or an exercise price of less than
 5 per share, subject to certain exceptions. A security listed on a national securities exchange is exempt from the definition of a penny
stock. Our Common Stock is not currently listed on a national security exchange. Our Common Stock is therefore subject to rules that impose
additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouse).
For transactions covered by such rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. 

Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny
stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also disclose the commission payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative,
current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker dealer must disclose this fact and
the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must wait two business days
after providing buyers with disclosure materials regarding a security before effecting a transaction in such security. Consequently, the
 penny stock rules restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and affect the ability of investors to sell
our securities in the secondary market and the price at which such purchasers can sell any such securities, thereby affecting the liquidity
of the market for our Common Stock. 

Stockholders should also be aware that, according
to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

control of the market for the security by one or more broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

boiler room practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; 

excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (referred
to as FINRA) has rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high
probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are
applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers
buy our Common Stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect
on the market for and price of our common stock. 

14 | Page 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, the Company is not
required to include the disclosure under this Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. At this time, there are no unresolved staff comments. 

Item 2. Description of Property 

We do not own any real estate or other properties.
 The Company rents a virtual office at c/o Eastbiz.com, Inc 5348 Vegas Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89108 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company may be involved in
various litigation matters, which arise in the ordinary course of business. There is currently no litigation that management believes
will have a material impact on the financial position of the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

Market Information 

The common shares of the Company are traded on OTC
QB Markets under the ticker symbol of TREN. 

Number of Holders 

The number of holders of record for our common stock
as of March 31, 2023 was 112. 

Dividends 

No cash dividends were paid on our shares of common
stock during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

We presently do not have equity compensation plans authorized. 

Transfer agent change 

The Company transfer agent is ClearTrust LLC with
a business address at 16540 Pointe Village Drive Suite 205 
Lutz, Florida 3355850; ClearTrust LLC s website is https://www.cleartrustonline.com, and their phone number is (813) 235-4490 

Penny Stock 

Our common stock is considered penny stock 
under the rules of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection
with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5, other than securities registered
on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: 

contains a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; 

15 | Page 

contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 

contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 

defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 

contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. 

The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting
any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: 

bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; 

the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 

the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the marker for such stock; and 

monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In addition, the penny stock rules that require that
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgement of the receipt
of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably
statement. 

These disclosure requirements may have the effect
of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On August 16, 2022 the Company issued Mr. Bukshpan
915,000 common shares for cancelation of 91,500 debt. In addition, on August 16, 2022 the Company issued Mr. Bukshpan 5,000,000 common
shares in exchange for the Company s debt. 

In March 2023, the Company issued 6,272,728 common
shares for cancelation of 71,900 payroll debt. 

Issuance with connection of Acquiring Avant! AI Assets 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA along with GBT Tokenize Corp. At closing, in consideration of acquiring the System,
the Company shall issue to the Seller 26,000,000 common shares of the Company (the Shares ). The Shares will be restricted
per Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Seller agreed to a lock-up period
of nine (9) months following closing (the Lock Up Term 

 Issuance with connection of Acquiring Instant Fame
Assets 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, entered into an
Asset Purchase Agreement Treasure APA with Treasure Drive Ltd. TD 

 At closing, in consideration of the
Instant Fame Assets, the Company shall issue to TD 5,000 convertible preferred shares of the Company with a stated valued at 5,000 per
share each (the Preferred Shares Series A ). The Preferred Shares Series A may be converted at the option of TD into the
Company shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a 5 discount to the weighted average closing price during the five (5)
days prior of such conversion, and will include a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation. The Preferred Shares Series A will have voting
rights on an as converted basis and will be entitled to a payment equal to the stated value of the Preferred Shares in the event of the
Company liquidation only. In the event the Company is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior
to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, TD may request within three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions
contemplated by the Treasure APA be unwound. 

16 | Page 

Purchase of our Equity Securities by Officers
and Directors 

On December 27, 2017, the Company offered and sold
2,000,000 restricted shares of common stock to our president and director, Natalija Tunevic, for a purchase price of 0.001 per share,
for aggregate offering proceeds of 2,000 and on January 16, 2018, the Company offered and sold 2,000,000 restricted shares of common
stock to our president and director, Natalija Tunevic, for a purchase price of 0.001 per share, for aggregate offering proceeds of 2,000,
pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 as she is a sophisticated investor and is in possession of all material information
relating to us. Further, no commissions were paid to anyone in connection with the sale of these shares and general solicitation was not
made to anyone. On July 22, 2019, the Board of Directors resolved to perform a cancellation procedure of 3,950,000 restricted shares of
the Company. As a result of the cancellation, the number of restricted shares of the Company shall be adjusted from 4,000,000 shares to
50,000 shares (fifty thousand shares). The Board of Directors, along with the majority shareholder of the Company, resolved on July 22,
2019 to increase the number of authorized shares from 75,000,000 to 255,000,000 shares, 5,000,000 of which shall be designated as Preferred
Shares. On July 22, 2019, the Board of Directors, along with the majority stockholder, resolved that the 5,000,000 Preferred Shares shall
have 5 voting rights and shall be issued to Natalija Tunevic in exchange for the cancelled 3,950,000 restricted shares that Ms. Tunevic
owned previously; each one share of Preferred Shares shall have the voting rights of five outstanding common shares. 

Other Stockholder Matters 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies . 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, this discussion
includes forward-looking information that involves risks and assumptions, which could cause actual results to differ materially from management s
expectations. See Forward-Looking Statements included in this report. 

Forward-looking statements 

Statements made in this Form 10-K that are not historical
or current facts are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 (the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements often can be identified by
the use of terms such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, 
 approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to
the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future.
However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual
results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected.
We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Financial information contained in this report and
in our financial statements is stated in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements
and corresponding notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current
expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Actual results and the
timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors,
including those set forth under the Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this report. We use words such
as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, 
 expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, could, 
 target , forecast and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. 

17 | Page 

General Overview 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING
INC. is a technology company specializing in acquiring, creating, and developing innovative and advanced technologies utilizing artificial
intelligence (AI) as well as providing a host of Information Technology consulting services. The Company consider itself native expert
in the field of information technology based on artificial intelligence. Recently, the Company acquired Avant! AI and InstantFAME ,
two technologies operating in multi-billion-dollar industries. 

Until said acquisitions,
the Company's Thy News application was one of the Company's key projects. Thy News is a worldwide application used for processing
news from multiple sources. Thy News was created for users who value their time but want to keep up with the latest in world news. The
app offers the user the opportunity to create their own news feeds solely from those sources that are of interest to them, as well as
creating additional news feeds segmented by topic 

Recent Developments 

Acquiring Avant! AI Assets 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA along with GBT Tokenize Corp. Seller ), which Seller developed and
owns a proprietary system and method named Avant-Ai, which is a text-generation, deep learning self-training model that is working based
on an innovative, unique concept which learns on its own and constantly enhances its information database with the advantage of unsupervised
learning capabilities (the System ). 

 At closing, in consideration of acquiring
the System, the Company shall issue to the Seller 26,000,000 common shares of the Company (the Shares ). The Shares will
be restricted per Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Seller agreed
to a lock-up period of nine (9) months following closing (the Lock Up Term ). In the event the Company is unable to up-list
to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, the Seller may request within
three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions contemplated by the APA be unwound. 

In addition, the Company and Seller
entered into a license agreement regarding the System, granting the Seller a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license
for using the System enabling everyday users to have the experience of trading nft/crypto and become famous according to their artwork
creations, without actually performing an actual trade while monetizing on their artwork creations. 

Acquiring Instant Fame Assets 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, entered into an
Asset Purchase Agreement Treasure APA with Treasure Drive Ltd. TD pursuant to which the Company agreed
to acquire a technology portfolio including certain source codes and pending patent applications which have applications in a variety
of areas including creating systems and methods of facilitating digital rating and secured sales of digital works as well as core virtual
reality platforms known as digital auction systems, rating and secure sales via open bid auctions Instant Fame Assets ). 

At closing, in consideration of the
Instant Fame Assets, the Company shall issue to TD 5,000 convertible preferred shares of the Company with a stated valued at 5,000 per
share each (the Preferred Shares Series A ). The Preferred Shares Series A may be converted at the option of TD into the
Company shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a 5 discount to the weighted average closing price during the five (5)
days prior of such conversion, and will include a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation. The Preferred Shares Series A will have voting
rights on an as converted and will be entitled to a payment equal to the stated value of the Preferred Shares Series A in the event of
the Company liquidation only. In the event the Company is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior
to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, TD may request within three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions
contemplated by the Treasure APA be unwound. 

In addition, the Company and Elentina Group,
LLC Elentina entered into a Service Agreements in which Elentina, was engaged to provide certain capital markets services
for a flat quarterly fee of 75,000 paid in shares of common stock (the Eletina Common Stock ). The Elentina Common Stock
to be issued within five days of the first day of quarter during the term (ie January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1). The Eletina Common
Stock shall be fully earned upon issuance. The number of shares of Eletina Common Stock to be issued will be determined by dividing the
quarterly fee of 75,000 by the Company s ten (10) day VWAP, which shall at no point be less than 0.10 per share. 

 18 | Page 

The offer, sale and issuance of the
above securities was made to an accredited investor and the Company relied upon the exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated there under with regard to the sale. No advertising or general solicitation
was employed in offering the securities. The offer and sales were made to an accredited investor and transfer of the common stock will
be restricted by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 As disclosed above, on April 3, 2023,
the Company, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement Treasure APA with Treasure Drive Ltd. TD pursuant
to which the Company acquired a technology portfolio including certain source codes and pending patent applications which have applications
in a variety of areas including creating systems and methods of facilitating digital rating and secured sales of digital works as well
as core virtual reality platforms known as digital auction systems, rating and secure sales via open bid auctions Instant Fame
Assets ). 

At closing, in consideration of the
Instant Fame Assets, the Company shall issue to TD 5,000 convertible preferred shares of the Company with a stated valued at 5,000 per
share each (the Preferred Shares Series A ). The Preferred Shares Series A may be converted at the option of TD into the
Company shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a 5 discount to the weighted average closing price during the five (5)
days prior of such conversion, and will include a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation. The Preferred Shares Series A will have voting
rights on an as converted and will be entitled to a payment equal to the stated value of the Preferred Shares Series A in the event of
the Company liquidation only. In the event the Company is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior
to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, TD may request within three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions
contemplated by the Treasure APA be unwound. 

In
connection with the offering, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation to its Articles of Incorporation designating 5,000 shares
of its Preferred Stock of Series A. 

On April
18, 2023, Vladimir Hanin resigned from the positions of the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. 

On April 20, 2023, the Company and Kenneth
L. Waggoner entered into an Executive Compensation Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Waggoner was retained as Chief Executive Officer. 

 In consideration for serving as
CEO, Mr. Waggoner will receive an annual base salary of 720,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the CEO Shares ),
which shall be increased to 1,440,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The CEO Shares will be paid on a quarterly
basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of CEO Shares will be issued on a quarterly basis and
shall be determined by dividing 180,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the Company s 20-day VWAP. On
April 26, 2023, the parties enter into Amendment No. 1 to Executive Compensation Agreement adding to the consideration of Mr. Waggoner
for serving as CEO, that If Mr. Waggoner raises sufficient equity financing or other working capital, Mr. Waggoner shall be entitled to
an additional bonus to be determine by the Company s Board of Directors which in any event will not be less than 200,000 payable
to the Executive within 30 days of such financing or infusion of capital. 

 Natalija Tunevic resigned as CEO and Director
of the Company but will continue to serve as a Secretary of the Company. Mr. Racius was reassigned from the position of Chief Operating
Officer to the position of Chief Financial Officer. 

 On
June 27, 2023, Natalija Tunevic, the Company s Secretary, accepted the resignation of Kenneth Waggoner, which was
submitted by Mr. Waggoner through a third party. Mr. Waggoner's resignation was due to a perceived disagreement over the company's
operations as dictated by the board of directors. Effectively immediately, Mr. Waggoner no longer represents the company or its
employees or consultants in any way. Ms. Tunevic will fill the vacancy as interim CEO until the board appoints a new one. 

 On April 27, 2023, the Company and Paul
Averill entered into an Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Averill was retained as Chief Operating Officer COO ). 

 In consideration for serving as COO,
Mr. Averill will receive an annual base salary of 600,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the COO Shares ),
which shall be increased to 1,200,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The COO Shares will be paid on a quarterly
basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of COO Shares to be issued on a quarterly basis shall
be determined by dividing 150,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the Company s 20-day VWAP. Mr. Averill shall
be paid a one-time 150,000 cash payment no later than thirty (30) days after the Company raises sufficient equity financing or other
working capital. 

 19 | Page 

On May 8, 2023, the Company and Percy
Kwong PK entered into a Technology Advisor Compensation Agreement pursuant to which PK agreed to provide certain technical
consulting services similar in nature to the services a Chief Technology Officer at a Nasdaq listed technology company of the same size
as the Company would provide. 

 In consideration for providing the services, PK will
receive a quarterly base compensation of 150,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the PK Shares ). The
PK Shares will be paid on a quarterly basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of PK Shares to
be issued on a quarterly basis shall be determined by dividing 150,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by 85 of the Company s
VWAP prior to issuance, which shall at no point be less than 0.10 per share. once the Company s Stock is listed on Nasdaq or any
other National Stock Exchange, retroactive to April 15, 2023, the Company shall pay the Advisor a quarterly fee of 250,000 during the
Term and any Additional Term. 

On March 27, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Convertible Promissory
Note (the DL Convertible Note in the aggregate principal amount of 125,100 for a purchase price of 104,250. The DL Convertible
Note has a maturity date of June 27, 2024 and the Company has agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Convertible
Note at the rate of eight percent (8.0 per annum from the date on which the DL Convertible Note is issued until the same becomes due
and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL
Convertible Note, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to DL as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. 

The outstanding principal amount of the DL Convertible
Note may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the date the DL Convertible Note is issued.
Following the 180 th day, DL may convert the DL Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period
preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default (as defined in the
DL Convertible Note), the DL Convertible Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a
conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed
4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

COVID-19 Pandemic 

Our company may be subject to the risks arising from
COVID-19's impacts on the IT industry. Our management believes that these impacts, which include but are not limited to the following,
may have a negative effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows: (i) prohibitions or limitations on in-person
activities associated with meetings; (ii) lack of consumer desire for incurring additional expenses during these times; and (iii) deteriorating
economic conditions, such as increased unemployment rates. In addition, we have considered the impacts and uncertainties of COVID-19 in
our use of estimates in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These estimates include, but are not limited to, likelihood
of achieving performance conditions under performance-based equity awards, net realizable value of inventory, and the fair value of reporting
units and goodwill for impairment. 

In Spring of 2020, a lot of governments around the
world issued lockdown orders prohibiting their respective citizens from working in the offices and arranging face-to-face meetings. There
also were instances of reducing number of hours available to each employee. These actions were taken in response to the economic impact
of COVID-19 on business areas resulted in a reduction of productivity for the year 2020. Due to the online nature of the company s
operations, our regular course of business did not incur significant changes. However, the company s clients and third parties had
to adjust their operations which resulted in a decreased number of agreements. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently evaluating
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a
negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

20 | Page 

In February 2022, the Russian
Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including
the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and
related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

Consideration of Inflation
Reduction Act Excise Tax 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S.
federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries
of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value
of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

We have incurred recurring losses to date. Our
financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments
relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable
to continue in operation. 

We expect we will require additional capital
to meet our long-term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or
debt securities. 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH
31, 2022 

Revenue 

During fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and
2022 the Company generated total revenue of 276,324 and 921,306, respectively. 

Operating expenses 

Total operating expenses for the year ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 were 323,131 and 553,920. The operating expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023 included 23,416 in depreciation
expenses; 248,951 in general and administrative expenses; 49,554 in professional fees; 1,210 in rent expense. The operating expenses
for the year ended March 31, 2022 included 47,767 in depreciation expenses; 449,361 in general and administrative expenses; 55,599
in professional fees; 1,193 in rent expense. 

Net Loss/Income 

Our net losses for the fiscal years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 were 348,933 and 126,521. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES AND CASH REQUIREMENTS 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 and 2022 

As of March 31, 2023, our total assets were 241,460
comprised of 107,575 in current assets, 125 in fixed assets; 133,760 in intangible assets and our total liabilities were 874,719. 

As of March 31, 2022, our total assets were 454,664
comprised of 330,872 in current assets, 425 in fixed assets; 123,367 in intangible assets and our total liabilities were 860,224. 

Stockholders deficit increased from
 (405,561) as of March 31, 2022 to (633,259) as of March 31, 2023. 

21 | Page 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, net cash
flows used in operating activities was (54,457). For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities
was (535,008). 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, net cash
flows used in investing activities was (33,510). For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, net cash flows used in investing activities
was 33,719. 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

 As of March 31, 2023, net cash from financing
activities was 162,150 consisting of capital stock issued, loan from related parties, loan payable. For the fiscal year ended March 31,
2022, net cash from financing activities was 474,214 consisting of loan from related parties. 

There is no assurance that
our company will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued working capital requirements. 

Going Concern - There is
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as the continuation of our business is dependent upon public
offering and achieving a profitable level of operations. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant
dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will
increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. 

Due to the uncertainty of
our ability to meet our current operating and capital expenses, in their report on our audited consolidated financial statements, our
independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our
financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our
assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Limited operating history;
need for additional capital 

There is no historical financial
information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in a start-up stage of operations and have generated
limited revenues since inception. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to
risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to
price and cost increases in services and products. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company's financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Investments in
website 

In February 2021 the Company launched the first version
of the chatbot advisor with Al, the function of chat-bot provides an easy way to find the requested information within the scope of the
company s activities. 
The company believes that by enabling intuitive communication with users based on advanced artificial intelligence, it has become an indispensable
component in business development. The company intends to continue to improve the dialogue base and the user experience, giving the impression
that they are speaking with a real person. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of our financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts and classification of revenues and expenses during the periods
presented, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and
material changes in these estimates or assumptions could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are recorded on the period in which
they become known. 

22 | Page 

We base our estimates on historical experience and
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at that time, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily-apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ materially from these estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 

We believe that the accounting policies described
below are critical to understanding our business, results of operations, and financial condition because they involve significant judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. An accounting is deemed to be critical if it requires a judgment or
accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain, and if different estimates that could have
been used, or if changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact our financial
statements. Other significant accounting policies, primarily those with lower levels of uncertainty than those discussed below, are also
critical to understanding our financial statements. The notes to our financial statements contain additional information related to our
accounting policies and should be read in conjunction with this discussion. 

Presentation of Financial Statements 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Revenue Recognition 

Accounting Standards Update ASU No.
2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ), became effective for the Company on
January 1, 2018. The Company s revenue recognition disclosure reflects its updated accounting policies that are affected by this
new standard. The Company applied the modified retrospective transition method for open contracts for the implementation
of Topic 606. The Company had no significant post-delivery obligations, this new standard did not result in a
material recognition of revenue on the Company s accompanying CFS for the cumulative impact of applying this new standard. The Company
made no adjustments to its previously-reported total revenues, as those periods continue to be presented in accordance with its historical
accounting practices under Topic 605, Revenue Recognition . 

Revenue is recognized under Topic 606 as
follows: 

executed contracts with the Company s customers that it believes are legally enforceable; 

identification of performance obligations in the respective contract; 

determination of the transaction price for each performance obligation in the respective contract; 

allocation the transaction price to each performance obligation; and 

recognition of revenue only when the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

These five elements, as applied to each of the Company s revenue
category. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

For certain of the Company s financial instruments,
including cash, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and short-term debt, the carrying amounts approximate their FV due to their short
maturities. 

FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures , requires disclosure of the FV of financial instruments held by the Company. FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments ,
defines FV, and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of FV measurement that enhances disclosure requirements
for FV measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify
as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their FV because of the short period of time between the origination of such
instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined
as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in inactive markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

23 | Page 

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology us one or more unobservable inputs which are significant to the FV measurement. 

The Company analyzes all financial instruments with
features of both liabilities and equity under FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , and FASB ASC Topic 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging . 

For certain financial instruments, the carrying amounts
reported in the balance sheets for cash and current liabilities, including convertible notes payable, each qualify as a financial instrument,
and are a reasonable estimate of their FV because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected
realization and their current market rate of interest. 

The Company uses Level 2 inputs for its valuation
methodology for derivative liabilities as their FV were determined by using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model based on various assumptions.
The Company s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect FV at each period end, with any increase or decrease in the FV being
recorded in results of operations as adjustments to FV of derivatives. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes,
whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable
temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax
bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some
portion, or all of, the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects
of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Under ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit
only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized
on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. The Company has
no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented and its current on all its tax filings federal and state. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

24 | Page 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31,
2022 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 26 

Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 
 27 

Statements of Operations for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 28 

Statement of Stockholders Equity as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 29 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 30 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 31 

25 | Page 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders
and the Board of Directors 

 Trend Innovations
Holding Inc. (Formerly FreeCook) 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Trend Innovations Holding Inc. (Formerly FreeCook). (the Company as of
March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), for each
of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023 ,and cash flows for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes and
schedules (collectively referred to as the Financial Statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The Company's
financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 
847,920 and a negative cash flow from operations amounting to 351,900 for the year ended March 31, 2023. These factors as discussed in
Note 2 of the financial statements raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of these uncertainties 

Basis of Opinion 

These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Concentration of risk 

We identified
the Company s concentration risk in its sales revenue from a major customer as a critical audit matter. As discussed in Note10 to
the financial statements, The Company is potentially subject to concentration risk in its sales revenue from a major customer that accounted
for approximately 31 and 85,269 of sales for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

 . 

 The Company
expects to maintain this relationship with the customer. 

The procedures
performed to address the matter included; 

Testing of
sales invoices and collections of revenue during the year, confirming the accounts receivable at year end, examining subsequent cash collections
and inquiry of the Company s risk management. 

Related party loans 

We also noted
the significant related party loans as a critical matter. 

We performed
the following procedures to address the matter such as, confirmation of those related party loans, risk assessment of the nature of the
related party transactions, review of the recent minutes of meetings of stockholders, directors, and committees, review of the presence
of any significant journal entries and other adjustments and Inquiry with management of any undisclosed related party contract. 

Dylan
Floyd Accounting Consulting ID 6235 

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

Newhall,
California June 30, 2023 

26 | Page 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 107,472 

33,289 
 
 Prepaid Expenses 
 
 - 

126,162 
 
 Loan Receivable 
 
 - 

167,558 
 
 Account Receivable 
 
 - 

3,765 
 
 Prepaid Rent 
 
 103 

98 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 
 107,575 

330,872 
 
 Fixed Assets 

Accumulated depreciation 
 
 (1,375) 

(1,075) 
 
 Furniture and Equipment 
 
 1,500 

1,500 
 
 Total Fixed Assets 
 
 125 

425 
 
 Intangible Assets 

Accumulated depreciation 
 
 (154,511) 

(131,394) 
 
 App Development Cost 
 
 126,850 

97,400 
 
 Chatbot Development 
 
 4,060 

- 
 
 RSS Database 
 
 149,000 

149,000 
 
 Website Development 
 
 8,361 

8,361 
 
 Total Intangible Assets 
 
 133,760 

123,367 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 241,460 

454,664 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued Liabilities 
 
 - 

2,816 
 
 Accrued Payroll 
 
 192,600 

191,000 
 
 Accounts Payable 
 
 44,301 

1,986 
 
 Loan from Related Parties (note 6) 
 
 244,218 

154,938 
 
 Convertible Notes Payable (note 7) 
 
 294,600 

169,500 
 
 Loan Payable 
 
 - 

176,432 
 
 Notes payable - Related Party 
 
 99,000 

99,000 
 
 Retainers from Customers 
 
 - 

64,553 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 
 874,719 

860,225 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 
 874,719 

860,225 
 
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized; 
 5,000,000 and 5,000,000 common shares issued and
 outstanding respectively 

3,950 

3,950 

Common stock, 0.001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized; 
 38,503,811 and 26,316,083 common shares issued and outstanding
 respectively 
 
 38,504 

26,316 
 
 Additional paid in capital 
 
 172,207 

60,193 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 

(169) 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 
 (847,920) 

(495,851) 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 (633,259) 

(405,561) 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 
 241,460 

454,664 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

27 | Page 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year ended 
 March 31, 2023 

Year ended 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 ORDINARY INCOME/EXPENSE 

Income 

Sales 

276,324 

921,306 
 
 TOTAL INCOME 

276,324 

921,306 
 
 COGS 

316,778 

710,512 
 
 GROSS PROFIT 

(40,453) 

210,794 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Depreciation Expense 

23,416 

47,767 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 

248,951 

449,361 
 
 Professional Fees 

49,554 

55,599 
 
 Rent Expenses 

1,210 

1,193 
 
 TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

323,131 

553,920 

OTHER (EXPENSES) INCOME 

14,651 

216,605 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

(348,933) 

(126,521) 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

- 

- 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

(348,933) 

(126,521) 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(2,967) 

(11,561) 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

(351,900) 

(130,082) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: 
 BASIC AND DILUTED 

38,503,811 

26,316,083 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

28 | Page 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC. 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 

 As of March 31, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance, March 31, 2021 
 
 26,281,600 
 26,282 
 5,000,000 
 3,950 
 293 
 11,392 
 (369,330) 
 (327,413) 

Conversion of Notes Payable into Common Shares 
 34,483 
 34 
 - 
 - 
 59,966 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (66) 
 (11,561) 
 - 
 (11,627) 
 
 Net income (loss) for the year ended March 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (126,521) 
 (126,521) 

Balance, March 31, 2022 
 
 26,316,083 
 26,316 
 5,000,000 
 3,950 
 60,193 
 (169) 
 (495,851) 
 (405,561) 

Conversion of Notes Payable into Common Shares 
 12,187,728 
 12,188 
 - 
 - 
 151,212 
 - 
 - 
 163,400 
 
 Disposal of Subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (39,198) 
 - 
 - 
 (39,198) 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 169 
 (3,136) 
 (2,967) 
 
 Net income (loss) for the year ended March 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (348,933) 
 (348,933) 

Balance, March 31, 2023 
 
 38,503,811 
 38,504 
 5,000,000 
 3,950 
 172,207 
 - 
 (847,920) 
 (633,259) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

 29 | Page 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC. 

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

Year ended 
 March 31, 2023 

Year ended 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Income 
 
 (348,933) 

(126,521) 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 (2,967) 

(11,561) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile Net Income 

to net cash used in operations: 

Accumulated depreciation 
 
 23,417 

36,527 
 
 Accounts Payable 
 
 42,315 

(268,936) 
 
 Accounts Receivables 
 
 3,765 

59,864 
 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 
 (2,816) 

(972) 
 
 Accrued Payroll 
 
 1,600 

121,000 
 
 Deferred Expenses 
 
 - 

1,938 
 
 Loan Receivable 
 
 167,558 

(114,378) 
 
 Retainers from Customers 
 
 (64,553) 

(310,646) 
 
 Prepaid Expenses 
 
 126,162 

77,466 
 
 Prepaid Taxes 
 
 - 

1,309 
 
 Prepaid Rent 
 
 (5) 

(98) 
 
 Net cash used in Operating Activities 
 
 (54,457) 

(535,008) 
 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Chatbot Development 
 
 (4,060) 

- 
 
 Mobile App Update 
 
 (29,450) 

- 
 
 Vehicles acquisition cost 
 
 - 

33,719 
 
 Net cash provided by Investing Activities 
 
 (33,510) 

33,719 
 
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Additional paid in capital 
 
 112,014 

- 
 
 Capital Stock 
 
 12,188 

- 
 
 Convertible Notes Payable 
 
 125,100 

- 
 
 Loan from Related Parties 
 
 89,280 

92,372 
 
 Loan Payable 
 
 (176,432) 

381,842 
 
 Net cash provided by Financing Activities 
 
 162,150 

474,214 
 
 Net cash increase for period 
 
 74,183 

(27,075) 
 
 Cash at beginning of period 
 
 33,289 

60,364 
 
 Cash at end of period 
 
 107,472 

33,289 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange
 for lease obligations 
 
 - 

- 

` 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

30 | Page 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 As of March 31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Note 1 ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS 

TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING
INC. is a technology company specializing in acquiring, creating, and developing innovative and advanced technologies utilizing artificial
intelligence (AI) as well as providing a host of Information Technology consulting services. The Company consider itself native expert
in the field of information technology based on artificial intelligence. Recently, the Company acquired Avant! AI and InstantFAME ,
two technologies operating in multi-billion-dollar industries. 

Until said acquisitions,
the Company's Thy News application was one of the Company's key projects. Thy News is a worldwide application used for processing
news from multiple sources. Thy News was created for users who value their time but want to keep up with the latest in world news. The
app offers the user the opportunity to create their own news feeds solely from those sources that are of interest to them, as well as
creating additional news feeds segmented by topic 

Effective May 24, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State which changed the Company s name from Trend Innovations
Holding Inc to Avant Technologies Inc. Said name changed was not approved by FINRA as of the date of this report. Effective December 5,
2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State which changed the
Company s name from FreeCook to Trend Innovations Holding Inc. On May 23, 2023, the Company filed an application with the Financial
Industry Regulation Authority (FINRA) in order to change the name and trading symbol of the Company. The Company is seeking to change
the name of the Company from Trend Innovations Holding Inc. to Avant Technologies Inc. to better reflect the current business of the Company. 

Our virtual principal office address is located at c/o Eastbiz.com, Inc 5348
Vegas Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89108 

Sale and Purchase of Ownership Interest Agreement 

On June 28, 2019 Trend Innovations Holding Inc. (formerly
FreeCook) a Nevada corporation Buyer , Company ), entered into a Sale and Purchase of Ownership Interest Agreement
with ThyNews Tech LLC, a Wyoming corporation, Thynews Tech or the Seller ), wherein Trend Innovations Holding
Inc. (formerly FreeCook) purchased 100 of the ownership of Thynews Tech. Upon completion of the Agreement, Trend Innovations Holding
Inc. (formerly FreeCook) agreed to deliver to Thynews Tech s owners a cumulative total of one hundred thousand (100,000) restricted
shares of Trend Innovations Holding Inc. treasury valued at One Dollar 1.00) per share. The shares were to be delivered to Thynews Tech
within 60 days following the execution of the agreement. Additionally, Trend Innovations Holding Inc. provided to Thynews Tech s
owners, as consideration, a Promissory Note in the amount of One Hundred Thousand United States Dollars 100,000 US). Trend Innovations
Holding Inc. acquired 100 of the ownership of duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable ownership interest of ThyNews Tech
LLC, including ThyNews Application. Prior to the transaction, Trend Innovations Holding Inc. had 5,014,080 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. Upon the transaction, the additional 100,000 of Trend Innovations Holding Inc. common stock were issued and outstanding.
Upon the issuance of shares to Thynews, there were 5,014,080 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

On March 30, 2020 Trend Innovations Holding Inc (formerly
FreeCook)., being represented by its President and Director, Natalija Tunevic, entered into Sale and Purchase of Ownership Interest Of
100 of Itnia Co. LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company which owns 100 of MB Lemalike Innovations, a Lithuanian IT consulting company
with Mikhail Bukshpan. Upon completion of the Agreement, Trend Innovations Holding Inc. agreed to deliver to Itnia Co. LLC s owners
a cumulative total of one hundred fifty thousand (150,000) restricted shares of Trend Innovations Holding Inc. treasury valued at
One Dollar 1.00) per share. The shares were to be delivered to Mr. Bukshpan within the mutually agreed upon time frame following the
execution of the agreement. Additionally, Trend Innovations Holding Inc. were to provide to Mr. Bukshpan, as consideration, a Promissory
Note in the amount of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand United States Dollars 150,000 US). 

31 | Page 

MB Lemalike Innovations 

MB Lemalike Innovations , formerly known
as MB Repia , was incorporated in Lithuania on October 9, 2017. The company was originally engaged in providing business
and other consulting services for the companies intending to seek for new markets outside Lithuania. Recently the company has also been
developing in the IT direction. In providing consultations, Lemalike Innovations helps enterprises in the Baltic countries looking for
export opportunities. Lemalike Innovations is currently working to enter the area of implementing and consulting on the matter of Artificial
Intelligence technologies. 

On January 31, 2020, Mr. Mikhail Bukshpan became the
director of the entity. On March 10, 2020, he merged Lemalike Innovations into his limited liability company, Itnia Co. LLC. Upon that,
on March 30, 2020, Itnia Co. LLC merged into Trend Innovations Holding Inc. and became a part of the holding. 

On January 9, 2023, the Company transferred to Mikhail
Bukshpan all rights, title and interest of one hundred percent (100 of our wholly owned subsidiary, Itnia Co. LLC, which owns 100 of
MB Lemalike Innovations, a Lithuanian IT company, in exchange for return for cancellation of his 5,000,000 common shares of the Company. 

The company s registered office is located
at Sv. Stepono g. 27D-2, LT-01315 Vilnius, Lithuania, and its virtual US office is 

 located at c/o Eastbiz.com, Inc 5348 Vegas
Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89108. 

Note 2 GOING CONCERN 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), which contemplate continuation
of the Company as a going concern. However, the Company had limited revenues and recurring losses as of March 31, 2023. The Company has
not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenue sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time.
Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management anticipates that the
Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends to position
itself so that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are
no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going
concern. 

Note 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES 

Basis of presentation 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The Company s yearend is March 31. 

Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Application Development Costs 

 The Company follows the provisions of ASC 985, Software,
which requires that all costs relating to the purchase or internal development and production of software products to be sold, leased
or otherwise marketed, be expensed in the period incurred unless the requirements for technological feasibility have been established.
The Company capitalizes all eligible software costs incurred once technological feasibility is established. The Company amortizes these
costs using the straight-line method over a period of three years, which is the remaining estimated economic life of the costs. At the
end of each reporting period, the Company writes down any excess of the unamortized balance over the net realizable value. 

Depreciation, Amortization, and Capitalization

The Company records depreciation and amortization
when appropriate using straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets. We estimate that the useful life of equipment
is 5 years and website development is 1 year. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Additions,
major renewals and replacements that increase the property's useful life are capitalized. Property sold or retired, together with the
related accumulated depreciation is removed from the appropriate accounts and the resultant gain or loss is included in net income. 

32 | Page 

Cash 
and Cash E q ui v a lents 

 T h e
C o m p a ny c o nsi d ers
all h i gh ly li qu i d
 inves t m e n ts
wit h ori g i n a l
 m atu ritie s o f
 thre e m on t hs
or les s to be ca s h
 e q u i v a le n t s.
The Company had 107,472 of cash as of March 31, 2023. 

Prepaid Expenses 

 Prepaid expenses are amounts paid to secure the use
of assets or the receipt of services at a future date or continuously over one or more future periods. When the prepaid expenses are eventually
consumed, they are charged to expense. Prepaid Expenses are recorded at fair market value. 

The Company had 0 in prepaid expenses as of March
31, 2023 (March 31, 2022 126,162). Prepaid expenses consist of prepaid services. 

Lease 

 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease
at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, other current liabilities, and
operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, other current liabilities,
and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying
asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease
ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most
of the leases do not provide an implicit rate, The Company generally use the incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of
interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date. The operating lease ROU asset also
includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. 

Website Development Costs 

 The Company amortizes these costs using the straight-line
method over a period of one years, which is the remaining estimated economic life of the costs. At the end of each reporting period, the
Company writes down any excess of the unamortized balance over the net realizable value. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

 The Company considers the U.S. dollar to be its functional
currency as it is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the Company operates. All assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date.
All exchange gains and losses are included in operations. 

For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, foreign
currency transaction gain (loss) was (2,967) and (11,561), respectively. 

Income Taxes 

 Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability
method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between
the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation
allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized. 

Revenue Recognition 

 The Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606. ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, establishes principles for reporting information about the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from the entity s contracts to provide goods or services to customers.
The core principle requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration that it expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services recognized as performance
obligations are satisfied. 

The Company has assessed the impact of the guidance
by performing the following five steps analysis: 

Step 1: Identify the contract 

 Step 2: Identify the performance obligations 

 Step 3: Determine the transaction price 

 Step 4: Allocate the transaction price 

 Step 5: Recognize revenue 

33 | Page 

Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration
received or receivable, net of discounts and taxes applicable to the revenue. 

Revenue from supplies of consulting services is recognized
when title and risk of loss are transferred and there are no continuing obligations to the customer. Title and the risks and rewards of
ownership transfer to and accepted by the customer when the services are collected by the customer at the Company s office. Revenue
is recorded net of sales discounts, returns, allowances, and other adjustments that are based upon management s best estimates and
historical experience and are provided for in the same period as the related revenues are recorded. Based on limited operating history,
management estimates that there was no sales return for the period reported. 

The Company derives its revenue from direct sales
to individuals and business companies. Generally, the Company recognizes revenue when services are sold and accepted by the customers
and there are no continuing obligations to the customer. 

Basic Income (Loss) Per Share 

 The Company computes income (loss) per share in accordance
with FASB ASC 260 Earnings per Share . Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share gives effect
to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive loss per share excludes all potential common shares if
their effect is anti-dilutive. For the period from November 6, 2017 (inception) through March 31, 2023, there were no potentially dilutive
debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 Comprehensive income is defined as all changes in
stockholders equity (deficit), exclusive of transactions with owners, such as capital investments. Comprehensive income includes
net income or loss, changes in certain assets and liabilities that are reported directly in equity such as translation adjustments on
investments in foreign subsidiaries and unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities. For the year ended March 31, 2023,
our net income (loss) was 348,933) and comprehensive loss was 351,900). 

COVID-19 Risks, Impacts and Uncertainties 

 Our company may be subject to the risks arising from
COVID-19's impacts on the IT industry. Our management believes that these impacts, which include but are not limited to the following,
may have a negative effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows: (i) prohibitions or limitations on in-person
activities associated with meetings; (ii) lack of consumer desire for incurring additional expenses during these times; and (iii) deteriorating
economic conditions, such as increased unemployment rates. In addition, we have considered the impacts and uncertainties of COVID-19 in
our use of estimates in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These estimates include, but are not limited to, likelihood
of achieving performance conditions under performance-based equity awards, net realizable value of inventory, and the fair value of reporting
units and goodwill for impairment. 

In Spring of 2020, a lot of governments around the
world issued lockdown orders prohibiting their respective citizens from working in the offices and arranging face-to-face meetings. There
also were instances of reducing number of hours available to each employee. These actions were taken in response to the economic impact
of COVID-19 on business areas resulted in a reduction of productivity for the year 2020. Due to the online nature of the company s
operations, our regular course of business did not incur significant changes. However, the company s clients and third parties had
to adjust their operations which resulted in a decreased number of agreements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 We have reviewed all the recently issued, but not
yet effective, accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company. 

Note 4 FIXED ASSETS 

As of March 31, 2023, our fixed assets comprised of
 1,500 in equipment. Depreciation expense of equipment was 1,375 as of March 31, 2023. 

Note 5 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

As of March 31, 2023, the total amount of website
development was 8,361 . Depreciation expense of website development was 8,361 as of March 31, 2023. 

34 | Page 

As of March 31, 2023, the unamortized balance of the
costs related to the purchase or internal development and production of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed was 97,400,
which is deemed to be equal to the net realizable value, and is included within Application Development Costs in the balance sheet. Depreciation
expense of application development was 97,400 as of March 31, 2023. 

In December 2019 and March 2020, the Company purchased
an RSS Database. As of March 31, 2023, the total amount of RSS Database was 149,000. Depreciation expense of RSS Database was 48,750
as of March 31, 2023. 

Note 6 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

During the period from November 6, 2017 (inception)
through March 31, 2023, our secretary, Natalija Tunevic, has loaned to the Company 114,327. This loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing
and due on demand. 

The Company s subsidiary Thynews Tech LLC received
 124,590 as advances from related parties as of March 31, 2023. The advances are interest-free and due on demand. 

As of March 31, 2023, our former Treasurer, COO and
Director, Mikhail Bukshpan, has loaned to the Company 5,217. The advances are interest-free and due on demand. 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company has an outstanding
debt to Mikhail Bukshpan. The amount of such debt is 99,000. 

Note 7 THIRD PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Since January 2021, Natalija Tunevic, assigned her
accrued loans that she provided the Company with to third parties for the total amount of 229,500 been assigned. A conversion clause
into common was added to the Notes. Other than one note for 60,000 that can be converted into common at conversion price shall be at
market share price on the day of conversion subject to a 40 discount, all remaining assigned notes can be converted into common Stock
at a fixed conversion price of 0.01 per share. 

On March 27, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Convertible Promissory
Note (the DL Convertible Note in the aggregate principal amount of 125,100 for a purchase price of 104,250. The DL Convertible
Note has a maturity date of June 27, 2024 and the Company has agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Convertible
Note at the rate of eight percent (8.0 per annum from the date on which the DL Convertible Note is issued until the same becomes due
and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL
Convertible Note, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to DL as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. 

The outstanding principal amount of the DL Convertible
Note may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the date the DL Convertible Note is issued.
Following the 180 th day, DL may convert the DL Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period
preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default (as defined in the
DL Convertible Note), the DL Convertible Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a
conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed
4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

The issuances of the DL Note and the DL Convertible
Note was made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ),
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. 

Note 8 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

On March 6, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to increase the number of
authorized shares of the Company s common stock from 255,000,000 to 520,000,000 shares (the Charter Amendment of
which 500,000,000 shall be common stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 20,000,000 shall be blank check preferred stock, 0.001 par value
per share. The term blank check refers to preferred stock, the creation and issuance of which is authorized in advance by
the stockholders and the terms, rights and features of which are determined by the Board upon issuance. The authorization of such blank
check preferred stock would permit the Board to authorize and issue preferred stock from time to time in one or more series. 

35 | Page 

Preferred Stock 

The Company has 20,000,000, 0.001 par value shares
of preferred stock authorized as of March 31, 2023. 

There were 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock issued
and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. The issued preferred stock has a voting right of five to one, voting as 25,000,000 common shares. 

Common Stock 

The Company has 500,000,000, 0.001 par value shares
of common stock as of March 31, 2023. 

The Board of Directors and Majority Stockholder resolved
on July 12, 2021 that 34,483 Common Shares shall be issued to Mr. Oleg Sapojnicov in exchange for Convertible Note in the amount of 60,000. 

On August 16, 2022 the Company issued Mr. Bukshpan
915,000 common shares for cancelation of 91,500 debt. In addition, on August 16, 2022 the Company issued Mr. Bukshpan 5,000,000 common
shares in exchange for the Company s debt. 

In March 2023, the Company issued 6,272,728 common
shares for cancelation of 71,900 payroll debt. 

There were 38,503,811 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Warrants 

No warrants were issued or outstanding as of March
31, 2023. 

Stock Options 

The Company has never adopted a stock option plan
and has never issued any stock options. 

Note 9 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

The Company rents an office at 44A Gedimino avenue, Vilnius, 01110,
Lithuania, and operate in the USA via a virtual office located at 5348 Vegas Drive Las Vegas, NV 89108 

Note 10 - CONCENTRATION RISK 

The Company is potentially
subject to concentration risk in its sales revenue. 

Major Customer 

 The Company had one major customer that accounted for approximately 31 
and 85,269 of sales for the year ended March 31, 2023. The Company had three major customers that accounted for approximately 69 and
 640,182 of sales for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Note 11 INCOME TAXES 

The Company adopted
the provisions of uncertain tax positions as addressed in ASC 740 Income Taxes ASC
740 ). As a result of the implementation of ASC 740, the Company recognized no increase in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits.
As of March 31, 2023, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 847,920 that may be available to reduce future
years taxable income in varying amounts through 2039. Future tax benefits which may arise
as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur
and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. 

The valuation allowance at March 31, 2023, was approximately
 178,063. The net change in valuation allowance during the year ended March 31, 2023, was (73,935). In assessing the realizability
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets
will not be realized. 

36 | Page 

The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management
considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined that enough uncertainty exists relative to the
realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a full valuation allowance as of March 31, 2023. All
tax years since inception remain open for examination by taxing authorities. 

 The provision for Federal income tax consists of the
following: 

For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the provision for Federal
income tax consists of the following: 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 

Non-current deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carry forward 
 
 (847,920) 

(495,851) 

Total deferred tax assets 
 
 (178,063) 

(104,128) 

Valuation allowance 
 
 178,063 

104,128 

Net deferred tax assets 
 
 - 

- 

The actual tax benefit at the expected rate of 21 
differs from the expected tax benefit for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, as follows: 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 

Computed expected tax expense (benefit) 
 
 (847,920) 

(495,851) 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 (73,935) 

(37,966) 

Actual tax expense (benefit) 
 
 - 

- 

The related deferred tax benefit on the above unutilized
tax losses has a full valuation allowance not recognized against it as there is no certainty of its realization. Management has evaluated
tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 and has not identified any significant tax positions, other than those disclosed. 

Note 12 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

In accordance with ASC 855, Subsequent Events ,
the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to March 31, 2023, through the date these financial statements were issued, and has
determined that the followings represents material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements: 

Acquiring Avant! AI Assets 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA along with GBT Tokenize Corp. Seller ), which Seller developed and
owns a proprietary system and method named Avant-Ai, which is a text-generation, deep learning self-training model that is working based
on an innovative, unique concept which learns on its own and constantly enhances its information database with the advantage of unsupervised
learning capabilities (the System ). 

 At closing, in consideration of acquiring
the System, the Company shall issue to the Seller 26,000,000 common shares of the Company (the Shares ). The Shares will
be restricted per Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Seller agreed
to a lock-up period of nine (9) months following closing (the Lock Up Term ). In the event the Company is unable to up-list
to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, the Seller may request within
three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions contemplated by the APA be unwound. 

In addition, the Company and Seller
entered into a license agreement regarding the System, granting the Seller a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license
for using the System enabling everyday users to have the experience of trading nft/crypto and become famous according to their artwork
creations, without actually performing an actual trade while monetizing on their artwork creations. 

37 | Page 

Acquiring Instant Fame Assets 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, entered into an
Asset Purchase Agreement Treasure APA with Treasure Drive Ltd. TD pursuant to which the Company agreed
to acquire a technology portfolio including certain source codes and pending patent applications which have applications in a variety
of areas including creating systems and methods of facilitating digital rating and secured sales of digital works as well as core virtual
reality platforms known as digital auction systems, rating and secure sales via open bid auctions Instant Fame Assets ). 

At closing,
in consideration of the Instant Fame Assets, the Company shall issue to TD 5,000 convertible preferred shares of the Company with a stated
valued at 5,000 per share each (the Preferred Shares Series A ). The Preferred Shares Series A may be converted at the option
of TD into the Company shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a 5 discount to the weighted average closing price during
the five (5) days prior of such conversion, and will include a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation. The Preferred Shares Series A will
have voting rights on an as converted and will be entitled to a payment equal to the stated value of the Preferred Shares Series A in
the event of the Company liquidation only. In the event the Company is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a business combination
or otherwise prior to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, TD may request within three (3) business days of the expiration of the
Lock-Up Term, that all transactions contemplated by the Treasure APA be unwound. 

In addition, the Company and Elentina Group,
LLC Elentina entered into a Service Agreements in which Elentina, was engaged to provide certain capital markets services
for a flat quarterly fee of 75,000 paid in shares of common stock (the Eletina Common Stock ). The Elentina Common Stock
to be issued within five days of the first day of quarter during the term (ie January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1). The Eletina Common
Stock shall be fully earned upon issuance. The number of shares of Eletina Common Stock to be issued will be determined by dividing the
quarterly fee of 75,000 by the Company s ten (10) day VWAP, which shall at no point be less than 0.10 per share. 

The offer, sale and issuance of the
above securities was made to an accredited investor and the Company relied upon the exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated there under with regard to the sale. No advertising or general solicitation
was employed in offering the securities. The offer and sales were made to an accredited investor and transfer of the common stock will
be restricted by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 As disclosed above, on April 3, 2023,
the Company, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement Treasure APA with Treasure Drive Ltd. TD pursuant
to which the Company acquired a technology portfolio including certain source codes and pending patent applications which have applications
in a variety of areas including creating systems and methods of facilitating digital rating and secured sales of digital works as well
as core virtual reality platforms known as digital auction systems, rating and secure sales via open bid auctions Instant Fame
Assets ). 

At closing, in consideration of the
Instant Fame Assets, the Company shall issue to TD 5,000 convertible preferred shares of the Company with a stated valued at 5,000 per
share each (the Preferred Shares Series A ). The Preferred Shares Series A may be converted at the option of TD into the
Company shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a 5 discount to the weighted average closing price during the five (5)
days prior of such conversion, and will include a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation. The Preferred Shares Series A will have voting
rights on an as converted and will be entitled to a payment equal to the stated value of the Preferred Shares Series A in the event of
the Company liquidation only. In the event the Company is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a business combination or otherwise prior
to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, TD may request within three (3) business days of the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions
contemplated by the Treasure APA be unwound. 

In
connection with the offering, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation to its Articles of Incorporation designating 5,000 shares
of its Preferred Stock of Series A. 

On April
18, 2023, Vladimir Hanin resigned from the positions of the Chied Financial Officer and Secretary. 

On April 20, 2023, the Company and Kenneth
L. Waggoner entered into an Executive Compensation Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Waggoner was retained as Chief Executive Officer. 

 38 | Page 

In consideration for serving as
CEO, Mr. Waggoner will receive an annual base salary of 720,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the CEO Shares ),
which shall be increased to 1,440,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The CEO Shares will be paid on a quarterly
basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of CEO Shares will be issued on a quarterly basis and
shall be determined by dividing 180,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the Company s 20-day VWAP. On
April 26, 2023, the parties enter into Amendment No. 1 to Executive Compensation Agreement adding to the consideration of Mr. Waggoner
for serving as CEO, that If Mr. Waggoner raises sufficient equity financing or other working capital, Mr. Waggoner shall be entitled to
an additional bonus to be determine by the Company s Board of Directors which in any event will not be less than 200,000 payable
to the Executive within 30 days of such financing or infusion of capital. 

 Mr. Waggoner has 45 years of experience
in management, business, operations, and law. Mr. Waggoner started his career as an attorney in private practice. From 1986 to 2003, he
was senior partner with Brobeck, Phleger and Harrison. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Waggoner served as the Vice President and General Counsel
of Chevron s global downstream operations. Mr. Waggoner served as the Chief Executive Officer, President and General Counsel of
PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. between 2013 and 2022. During that time, he was also the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Waggoner received his Juris
Doctorate with honors in 1973 from Loyola University School of Law in Los Angeles. 

 Natalija Tunevic resigned as CEO and Director
of the Company but will continue to serve as a Secretary of the Company. Mr. Racius was reassigned from the position of Chief Operating
Officer to the position of Chief Financial Officer. 

 On
June 27, 2023, Natalija Tunevic, the Company s Secretary, accepted the resignation of Kenneth Waggoner, which was
submitted by Mr. Waggoner through a third party. Mr. Waggoner's resignation was due to a perceived disagreement over the company's
operations as dictated by the board of directors. Effectively immediately, Mr. Waggoner no longer represents the company or its
employees or consultants in any way. Ms. Tunevic will fill the vacancy as interim CEO until the board appoints a new one. 

 The above offers and sales of the CEO Shares
were made to Mr. Waggoner, an accredited investor, and the Company relied upon the exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), with regards to the sales. No advertising or general solicitation was employed in
offerings the securities. The offer and sale were made to an accredited investor and transfer of the securities was restricted by the
Company in accordance with the requirements of the 1933 Act. 

On April 27, 2023, the Company and Paul
Averill entered into an Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Averill was retained as Chief Operating Officer COO ). 

 In consideration for serving as COO,
Mr. Averill will receive an annual base salary of 600,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the COO Shares ),
which shall be increased to 1,200,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The COO Shares will be paid on a quarterly
basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of COO Shares to be issued on a quarterly basis shall
be determined by dividing 150,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the Company s 20-day VWAP. Mr. Averill shall
be paid a one-time 150,000 cash payment no later than thirty (30) days after the Company raises sufficient equity financing or other
working capital. 

 Mr. Averill is an accomplished technology
and operational entrepreneur who excels at developing and executing growth strategies for venture and private equity-backed companies.
He has extensive experience in building and managing high performance teams that tackle market challenges in creative and innovative ways.
From August 2022 to present, Mr. Averill served as the acting CEO of Wired4Tech, Inc., an information
technology services and software development company providing a range of technology services including application development, public/private
cloud development, outsourcing, performance testing and tuning. Parallel to Wired4Tech, Inc Mr. Averill is acting President
and COO of SOS Technologies, LLC, a crisis notification and response-time mitigation, threat surveillance and workplace safety platform.
From 2011 to 2022, Mr. Averill was the founder of Wired4Health Inc., a full-service healthcare technology services company focused on
data integration, any-to-any data transformation, technology risk assessment, due diligence, data-driven customer product implementations
and software development. Wired4Health has implemented data-driven applications for over 3,000+ healthcare organizations and maintains
in excess of 25,000 data feeds supporting 123 million unique patients. 

 The above offers and sales of the COO Shares
were made to Mr. Averill, an accredited investor, and the Company relied upon the exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), with regards to the sales. No advertising or general solicitation was employed in
offerings the securities. The offer and sale were made to an accredited investors and transfer of the securities was restricted by the
Company in accordance with the requirements of the 1933 Act. 

39 | Page 

On May 8, 2023, the Company and Percy
Kwong PK entered into a Technology Advisor Compensation Agreement pursuant to which PK agreed to provide certain technical
consulting services similar in nature to the services a Chief Technology Officer at a Nasdaq listed technology company of the same size
as the Company would provide. 

 In consideration for providing the services, PK will
receive a quarterly base compensation of 150,000 payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the PK Shares ). The
PK Shares will be paid on a quarterly basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of PK Shares to
be issued on a quarterly basis shall be determined by dividing 150,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by 85 of the Company s
VWAP prior to issuance, which shall at no point be less than 0.10 per share. once the Company s Stock is listed on Nasdaq or any
other National Stock Exchange, retroactive to April 15, 2023, the Company shall pay the Advisor a quarterly fee of 250,000 during the
Term and any Additional Term. 

Effective May 24, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State which changed the Company s name from Trend Innovations
Holding Inc to Avant Technologies Inc. On May 23, 2023, the Company filed an application with the Financial Industry Regulation Authority
(FINRA) in order to change the name and trading symbol of the Company. The Company is seeking to change the name of the Company
from Trend Innovations Holding Inc. to Avant Technologies Inc. to better reflect the current business of the Company. 

40 | Page 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A (T). Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rule 13a 15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and
in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over financial reporting, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, using the criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, the Company determined that there were control deficiencies
that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

41 | Page 

1. We do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated
to have an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost
important entity level control over the Company s financial statement. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of
the Audit Committee and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight
over management s activities. 

2. We did not maintain appropriate cash controls As of March 31, 2023,
the Company has not maintained sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for cash, including failure to segregate cash handling
and accounting functions, and did not require dual signatures on the Company s bank accounts. Alternatively, the effects of poor
cash controls were mitigated by the fact that the Company had limited transactions in its bank accounts. 

3. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls 
As at March 31, 2023, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure
or evidence of normal backup of the Company s data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due
to unmitigated factors. 

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these control
deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses described above,
management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based
on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters
and Control Persons of the Company 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The name, age and titles of our executive officers
and directors are as follows: 

Name and Address of Executive 
 Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Natalija Tunevic 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary 
 
 Ivan Lunegov 
 
 38 
 
 President 
 
 Vitalis Racius 
 
 41 
 
 Treasurer, Director, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 Paul Averill 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

From November 6, 2017 to November 9, 2022, Natalija
Tunevic has acted as our President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director. From 2006 to 2016, Ms. Tunevic was developing her experience in
cooking industry and organizing masterclasses while also being a Senior Social Worker of Republic of Lithuania. Natalija Tunevic continues
to hold the position of Secretary of the Company. 

42 | Page 

From October 19, 2020 to June 29, 2022, Mikhail Bukshpan
has acted as our Treasurer, Chief Operations Officer and Director. From August 2019, Mr. Bukshpan has acted as an owner of Itnia Co. LLC,
a Wyoming limited liability company designed to operate in the field of creating databases. From July 2016 to present, Mr. Bukshpan worked
as a Content Manager Specialist at iGotOffer and was responsible for maintaining the company s web appearance. On June 29, 2022,
Mikhail Bukshpan resigned as the Company s Treasurer, Director and Chief Operations Officer. The resignations are not the result
of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. As a result of Mr.
Bukshpan s resignation, Mr. Racius was appointed as Treasurer, Director and Chief Operations Officer of the Company on June 29,
2022. 

Vitalis Racius serves on our Board of Directors till
nowadays. Mr. Racius has more than 5 years of entrepreneurial experience. Mr. Racius has been engaged in the management several private
companies. Mr. Racius holds an economic degree from the Kazimieras Simonavicius University. We believe that Mr. Racius is qualified to
serve on our Board of Directors due to his considerable background. 

Ivan Lunegov has graduated from Baikal State University
and has a Master degree in Management. Since 2009 to 2012 he completed a PhD program in Economics at the same University. In 2010, Mr.
Lunegov founded Center of Innovation Consulting, LLC, an advisory company for small and medium sized business. Mr. Lunegov was granted
twice by DAAD (The German Academic Exchange Service) as the senior research fellow in the field of sustainable economics and investments
at University of Stuttgart (2013) and SRH University Heidelberg (2015). He also was a part of research team in The Mercedes-Benz Group
AG (Stuttgart, Germany) and Robert Bosch GmbH (Stuttgart/Heidelberg, Germany). Since 2014 to 2016, he was a CEO of Panoply Group Corp.,
a US corporation with executive offices in Stuttgart, Germany, a consulting service company for tech startups. Since 2016 to 2020, Mr.
Lunegov was a CEO of Agency of Investments and Business Financing Money for Business , LLC, an investment fund for pre-seed
and seed stages tech startups. Since 2020, he has been working as independent startup advisor and venture partner. 

On November 9, 2022, Natalija Tunevic resigned from
the position of the Company s President. Ivan Lunegov was appointed as the Company s President, effective as of November 9,
2022. 

On April
18, 2023, Vladimir Hanin resigned from the positions of the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. 

On April 20, 2023, the Company and Kenneth
L. Waggoner entered into an Executive Compensation Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Waggoner was retained as Chief Executive Officer. In
consideration for serving as CEO. Mr. Waggoner has 45 years of experience in management, business, operations, and law. Mr. Waggoner started
his career as an attorney in private practice. From 1986 to 2003, he was senior partner with Brobeck, Phleger and Harrison. From 2003
to 2005, Mr. Waggoner served as the Vice President and General Counsel of Chevron s global downstream operations. Mr. Waggoner served
as the Chief Executive Officer, President and General Counsel of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. between 2013 and 2022. During that time, he
was also the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Waggoner received his Juris Doctorate with honors in 1973 from Loyola University School of Law
in Los Angeles. 

 Natalija Tunevic resigned as CEO and Director
of the Company but will continue to serve as a Secretary of the Company, signing the Amendment to her Employment Agreement. Mr. Racius
was reassigned from the position of Chief Operating Officer to the position of Chief Financial Officer. 

 On June 27, 2023, Natalija Tunevic,
the Company s Secretary, accepted the resignation of Kenneth Waggoner, which was submitted by Mr. Waggoner through a
third party. Mr. Waggoner's resignation was due to a perceived disagreement over the company's operations as dictated by the board
of directors. Effectively immediately, Mr. Waggoner no longer represents the company or its employees or consultants in any way. Ms.
Tunevic will fill the vacancy as interim CEO until the board appoints a new one. 

 On April 27, 2023, the Company and Paul
Averill entered into an Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Averill was retained as Chief Operating Officer COO ).
In consideration for serving as COO. Mr. Averill is an accomplished technology and operational entrepreneur who excels at developing and
executing growth strategies for venture and private equity-backed companies. He has extensive experience in building and managing high
performance teams that tackle market challenges in creative and innovative ways. From August 2022 to present, Mr. Averill served as the
acting CEO of Wired4Tech, Inc., an information technology services and software development
company providing a range of technology services including application development, public/private cloud development, outsourcing, performance
testing and tuning. Parallel to Wired4Tech, Inc Mr. Averill is acting President and COO of SOS Technologies, LLC, a crisis
notification and response-time mitigation, threat surveillance and workplace safety platform. From 2011 to 2022, Mr. Averill was the founder
of Wired4Health Inc., a full-service healthcare technology services company focused on data integration, any-to-any data transformation,
technology risk assessment, due diligence, data-driven customer product implementations and software development. 

43 | Page 

Wired4Health has implemented data-driven
applications for over 3,000+ healthcare organizations and maintains in excess of 25,000 data feeds supporting 123 million unique patients. 

 Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors
and executive officers. There is no arrangement or understanding between or among our executive officers and directors pursuant to which
any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer. None of our directors or executive officers have had direct
or indirect material interest in any transaction or proposed transaction, in which the Company was or is a proposed participant, exceeding
 120,000. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none of our directors and
executive officers has: 

Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

Been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

We do not have an audit committee financial
expert. We do not have an audit committee financial expert because we believe the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this
time is prohibitive. Further, because we have no operations, at the present time, we believe the services of a financial expert are not
warranted. 

Agreements with Officers and Directors 

On April 20, 2023, the Company and Kenneth
L. Waggoner entered into an Executive Compensation Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Waggoner was retained as Chief Executive Officer. In
consideration for serving as CEO, Mr. Waggoner will receive an annual base salary of 720,000 payable in shares of common stock of the
Company (the CEO Shares ), which shall be increased to 1,440,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The
CEO Shares will be paid on a quarterly basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of CEO Shares
will be issued on a quarterly basis and shall be determined by dividing 180,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the
Company s 20-day VWAP. On April 26, 2023, the parties enter into Amendment No. 1 to Executive
Compensation Agreement adding to the consideration of Mr. Waggoner for serving as CEO, that If Mr. Waggoner raises sufficient equity financing
or other working capital, Mr. Waggoner shall be entitled to an additional bonus to be determine by the Company s Board of Directors
which in any event will not be less than 200,000 payable to the Executive within 30 days of such financing or infusion of capital. 

 Natalija
Tunevic entered into the Amendment of Employment Agreement pursuant to which her salary decreased from 5,500 to 2,500. 

 On June 27, 2023, Natalija Tunevic, the
Company s Secretary, accepted the resignation of Kenneth Waggoner, which was submitted by Mr. Waggoner through a third party. Mr. Waggoner's
resignation was due to a perceived disagreement over the company's operations as dictated by the board of directors. Effectively immediately,
Mr. Waggoner no longer represents the company or its employees or consultants in any way. Ms. Tunevic will fill the vacancy as interim
CEO until the board appoints a new one. 

44 | Page 

On April 27, 2023, the Company and Paul
Averill entered into an Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Averill was retained as Chief Operating Officer COO ).
In consideration for serving as COO, Mr. Averill will receive an annual base salary of 600,000 payable in shares of common stock of the
Company (the COO Shares ), which shall be increased to 1,200,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The
COO Shares will be paid on a quarterly basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of COO Shares
to be issued on a quarterly basis shall be determined by dividing 150,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the Company s
20-day VWAP. Mr. Averill shall be paid a one-time 150,000 cash payment no later than thirty (30) days after the Company raises sufficient
equity financing or other working capital. 

 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s
equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of the Company s common
stock. Such officers, directors, and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms that they file with the SEC. 

To our knowledge, based solely on review of the copies
of such reports and amendments to such reports with respect to the year ended March 31, 2023 filed with the SEC, all required Section 16
reports under the Exchange Act for our directors, executive officers, principal accounting officer and beneficial owners of greater than
10 of our common stock were filed on a timely basis during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Code of Ethics, Inside Trading and Corporate communication
Policy 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics, Inside Trading and
Corporate communication Policies that applies to all officers, directors and employees. The Company will provide to any person without
charge a copy of such code of ethics, Inside Trading and Corporate communication Policies upon written request to the Company at its registered
offices. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following tables set forth certain information
about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our Executive Officers for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Natalija Tunevic Secretary 
 March 31, 2023 
 66,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 66,000 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 66,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 66,000 
 
 Mikhail Bukshpan Former Director and Treasurer 
 March 31, 2023 
 13,500 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 13,500 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 54,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 54,000 
 
 Ivan Lunegov President 
 March 31, 2023 
 45,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 45,000 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Vitalis Racius 
 Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial and Accounting
 Officer 
 March 31, 2023 
 40,500 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 40,500 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

45 | Page 

Ms. Tunevic currently devotes all of her time to manage
the affairs of the Company. She has agreed to work with no remuneration until such time as the Company receives sufficient revenues necessary
to provide management salaries. At this time, we cannot accurately estimate when sufficient revenues will occur to implement this compensation,
or what the amount of the compensation will be. 

The compensation discussed herein addresses all compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officer. 

There are no other stock option plans, retirement,
pension, or profit-sharing plans for the benefit of our sole officer and director other than as described herein. There are no annuity,
pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to the officer or director or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement
date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, if any. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As of March 31, 2023, no new warrants was awarded
to the executives 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of June 29, 2023, concerning the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by: (i) each person (including any group) known
to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless
otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percentage 

Common Stock 
 
 Natalija Tunevic 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 1.55 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Natalija Tunevic 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 100 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Mikhail Bukshpan 
 
 8,597,832 

13.33 

Common Stock 
 
 GBT Tokenize Corp 
 
 26,000,000 
 
 40.31 
 
 Preferred Stock Series A 
 
 Treasure Drive, LTD 
 
 5,000 
 
 4.99 

The percent of class is based on 64,503,811 shares
of common stock and 5,000,000 of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this annual report 

 Voting right 5 to 1. agreed to a lock-up period of nine (9)
months from April 2023 Voting on an as converted basis, subject to 4.99 
Blocker of beneficial ownership 

No Director, executive officer, affiliate or any owner
of record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company is a party adversary to the Company or
has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

There are no promoters of the company, and have been
none, as defined in Item 404(c)(1)(i) of Regulation S-K, other than the Company s directors and officers. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we had not entered
into any transactions with our sole officer or director, or persons nominated for these positions, beneficial owners of 5 or more of
our common stock, or family members of these persons wherein the amount involved in the transaction or a series of similar transactions
exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets for the last three fiscal years. 

As of March 31, 2023, our directors and officers had
loaned 72,280 to the Company to provide working capital for its business operations. 

46 | Page 

On April 20, 2023, the Company and Kenneth
L. Waggoner entered into an Executive Compensation Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Waggoner was retained as Chief Executive Officer. In
consideration for serving as CEO, Mr. Waggoner will receive an annual base salary of 720,000 payable in shares of common stock of the
Company (the CEO Shares ), which shall be increased to 1,440,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The
CEO Shares will be paid on a quarterly basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of CEO Shares
will be issued on a quarterly basis and shall be determined by dividing 180,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the
Company s 20-day VWAP. On April 26, 2023, the parties enter into Amendment No. 1 to Executive
Compensation Agreement adding to the consideration of Mr. Waggoner for serving as CEO, that If Mr. Waggoner raises sufficient equity financing
or other working capital, Mr. Waggoner shall be entitled to an additional bonus to be determine by the Company s Board of Directors
which in any event will not be less than 200,000 payable to the Executive within 30 days of such financing or infusion of capital. 

 Natalija
Tunevic entered into the Amendment of Employment Agreement pursuant to which her salary decreased from 5,500 to 2,500. 

 On June 27, 2023, Natalija Tunevic, the
Company s Secretary, accepted the resignation of Kenneth Waggoner, which was submitted by Mr. Waggoner through a third party. Mr. Waggoner's
resignation was due to a perceived disagreement over the company's operations as dictated by the board of directors. Effectively immediately,
Mr. Waggoner no longer represents the company or its employees or consultants in any way. Ms. Tunevic will fill the vacancy as interim
CEO until the board appoints a new one. 

 On April 27, 2023, the Company and Paul
Averill entered into an Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Averill was retained as Chief Operating Officer COO ).
In consideration for serving as COO, Mr. Averill will receive an annual base salary of 600,000 payable in shares of common stock of the
Company (the COO Shares ), which shall be increased to 1,200,000 upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. The
COO Shares will be paid on a quarterly basis at the beginning of each quarter, prorated for partial quarters. The number of COO Shares
to be issued on a quarterly basis shall be determined by dividing 150,000 (which is the quarterly pay for three months) by the Company s
20-day VWAP. Mr. Averill shall be paid a one-time 150,000 cash payment no later than thirty (30) days after the Company raises sufficient
equity financing or other working capital. 

 Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our Board of Directors is in charged with reviewing
and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions must then be reported under applicable SEC
rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead review them on a
case-by-case basis. 

Director Independence 

The Company has no outside directors as of March 31,
2023. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

During fiscal year ended March 31, 2023,
we incurred approximately 23,500 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection
with the audit of our March 31, 2022 financial statements and for the reviews of our financial statements for the quarters ended June
30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included as part of this
report by reference: 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

47 | Page 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: June 30, 2023 
 TREND INNOVATIONS HOLDING INC. 

By: 
 /s/ 
 Vitalis Racius 

Name: 
 Vitalis Racius 

Title: 
 Treasurer, Director and Chief Financial Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Natalija Tunevic 
 
 Secretary, Chief Executive Officer 

June 30, 2023 
 
 Natalija Tunevic 

/s/ Ivan Lunegov 
 
 President 
 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Ivan Lunegov 

/s/ Vitalis Racius 
 
 Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Vitalis Racius 

48 | Page 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Vitalis Racius, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Trend Innovation
Holding, Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant)
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: June 30, 2023 
 /s/ Vitalis Racius 

Vitalis Racius, 

Treasurer, Director, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Natalija Tunevic, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Trend Innovation
Holding, Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant)
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: June 30, 2023 
 /s/ Natalija Tunevic 

Natalija Tunevic 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Trend
Innovations Holding Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Vitalis Racius, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 30, 2023 
 /s/ Vitalis Racius 

Vitalis Racius, 

Treasurer, Director, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32_2.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I n connection with
the annual report of Trend Innovations Holding Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Natalija Tunevic, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 30, 2023 
 /s/ Natalija Tunevic 

Natalija Tunevic 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.2>

