<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1399352_0001477932-23-002661.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7102910</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>528434</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1190571</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2038996</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1261148</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1912140</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002661.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417163147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001399352
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				753076597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53443
		FILM NUMBER:		23824334

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8875 HIDDEN RIVER PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33637
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-975-7467

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8875 HIDDEN RIVER PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33637

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HPEV, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120410

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Z3 ENTERPRISES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIBB CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002661.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 cool_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

cool_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to ______ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive office) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicated by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the shares of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s last completed second quarter, based upon the closing price of 0.0187 per share as reported by the OTCQB Stock Market on such date was . This computation is based on the number of issued and outstanding shares held by persons other than officers, directors and shareholders of 5 or more of the registrant s common stock. As of April 10, 2023, shares of common stock are issued, and outstanding excluding 1,000,000 shares held in escrow. Documents incorporated by reference: None TABLE OF CONTENTS Item No. Page No. PART I 1 Business 4 1A Risk Factors 15 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 23 2 Properties 24 3 Legal Proceedings 24 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 24 PART II 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 25 6 Selected Financial Data 26 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 40 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 41 9A Controls and Procedures 41 9B Other Information 42 PART III 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 43 11 Executive Compensation 46 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 50 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 51 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 52 PART IV 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 53 SIGNATURES 57 2 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements This Report contains predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report. You should read this Report and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made, except as required by federal securities and any other applicable law. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), references to the Company, the registrant, we, our or us refer to Cool Technologies, Inc. and our 95 owned subsidiary, Ultimate Power Truck, LLC UPT ), unless the context otherwise indicates. Corporate History We were incorporated on July 22, 2002, in the State of Nevada under the name Bibb Corporation. On September 3, 2010, we changed our name to Z3 Enterprises, Inc. Z3 ), and on April 5, 2012, to HPEV, Inc. HPEV and on August 19, 2015, our stockholders voted to approve a name change to Cool Technologies, Inc. Our 95 owned subsidiary, Ultimate Power Truck, LLC UPT ), was formed on April 17, 2014, in the State of Florida. 4 Table of Contents On March 29, 2011, we entered into a share exchange agreement (which was amended on June 14, 2011) with HPEV, Inc., a Delaware corporation the Share Exchange Agreement to acquire 100 shares, constituting all of the issued and outstanding shares of HPEV, Inc. in consideration for the issuance of 22,000,000 shares of common stock. Upon closing of the share exchange on April 15, 2011, HPEV, Inc. became our wholly owned subsidiary. There was a change of control of our company on April 15, 2011, as a result of the issuance of 21,880,000 shares of our common stock to the original shareholders of HPEV, Inc. pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement. An additional 120,000 shares were issued during the fourth quarter of 2011 which completed the issuance of 22,000,000 shares of common stock under the terms of the amended Share Exchange Agreement. We filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada increasing our authorized shares of common stock, from 140,000,000 shares to 350,000,000 shares, effective March 22, 2017. We filed a second amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada increasing our authorized shares of common stock, from 350,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares, effective October 28, 2019. We filed a third amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada increasing our authorized shares of common stock, from 500,000,000 shares to 1,000,000,000 shares, effective February 13, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, we have seven US patents, two Canadian patents, one Mexican patent, one Brazilian patent and one pending US patent application covering integrated electrical power generation methods and systems. The Company intends to sell a mobile electric power system to government, military and commercial vehicle and fleet owners. It intends to commercialize its patents by licensing its thermal technologies and applications to electric motor, pump and vehicle component manufacturers. It may license its mobile electric power system as well. Business Description Cool Technologies has spent years designing and developing its technologies. The core technologies are: Thermal Dispersion - patented technologies (totally enclosed heat pipe cooled and radial vent) that deliver liquid-cooled results for rotating equipment, multi-plate clutches, brakes and rotors without the use of liquid. Liquid cooling is the best, most effective cooling system for electric motors, however, it is also the most expensive. Our technologies reduce the cost of rotating equipment by eliminating the active material and, otherwise, extra components that liquid cooling requires. Our technologies also reduce production costs by increasing the power densities of the rotating equipment which enables them to output the same power from a smaller package. Mobile Power Generation - a patent pending in-chassis system that outputs electrical power in amounts equal to or greater than skid-mounted generators or tow-behind generators from a smaller, lighter, more efficient package. The markets for products utilizing our technology include consumer, industrial and military markets, both in the U.S. and worldwide. Our initial target markets include those involved in moving materials and moving people, such as: Motors/Generators, Mobile auxiliary power, Water purification and desalination, Electric vehicle charging, Compressors, Turbines (Wind, Micro), Bearings, Electric Vehicles: rail, off-highway, mining, delivery, refuse, Brakes/rotors/calipers, Pumps/fans, Passenger vehicles: autos, RVs, buses, trains, aircraft, Commercial vehicles: SUV, light trucks, trams, bucket trucks, Military: boats, Humvees, trucks, aircrafts, and Marine: boats ranging in size from 30 feet to 120 feet and beyond. 5 Table of Contents Our Technologies Our technologies are divided into two distinct but complementary categories: heat dispersion technology and mobile power generation (eMGen). Totally Enclosed Heat Pipe and Radial Vent Heat Pipe The Company has developed, designed, prototyped and third party tested Totally Enclosed Heat Pipe Cooled (TEHPC) designs. It also owns the patents on the designs. The designs apply to dry pit submersible motors and 650 kVA marine duty generators. Our patent portfolio covers the application and integration of our heat pipes into various other cooling schemes for enhanced heat removal in motors (i.e., electric motorcycles, cars and trucks), generators (i.e. e-axles and the eMGen system) and numerous other industrial applications including multi-clutches for vehicles and brakes and rotors for vehicles marine, aviation and military. We believe that our technologies have the potential to deliver power output increases and cost reductions, depending on the machine type or motor/generator size, as follows: 1. Increase power density of current motor platforms by 20 to 40 , 2. Reduce total product cost by 12.5 to 25 , 3. Increase motor and generator efficiency by 1 to 2 , and 4. Increase motor and generator life. We also believe that products produced with our technologies have the potential to deliver operational savings as well, including savings from: - reduced maintenance costs, - the standardization of multiple platforms down to a single platform, - the standardization of drawings and data around existing platforms, - the ability to use standard designs and standard insulation systems versus customization, and - the ability to integrate and produce on existing production lines with no retooling and no additional, or minimal, capital investment. Testing conducted by independent laboratories showed a 200 increase in horsepower capability for a dry pit submersible pump and a 25 to 35 increase in power density for a 650 kVA generator. In 2019, a new Canadian patent covering a Heat Pipe Cooled Wet Rotating Disc Engagement System and a Radial Vent Composite Heat Pipe was added to the Company s existing patents. It s a utility patent which is more difficult to circumvent and, therefore, easier to defend. The designation utility patent means that the patent covers the Company s cooling technologies when used in a wide variety of specific applications as opposed to simply covering the cooling method or technology itself. This is an extremely important distinction with regard to defending patents. These applications include electric vehicle motors, standard electric motors, generators, engine hot spots, pistons, ERG (Exhaust Gas Recirculation) coolers and more. Similar patents are pending in other countries as part of the Global PCT patent process. 6 Table of Contents Our revenue model for the heat dispersion technology is to license the technology in exchange for royalties. Our design and manufacturing experience will be put to use by taking current product in the market, retrofitting with our TEHPC and radial vent heat pipes and handing back to the OEM a third party tested and validated, manufacturable product that increases performance and lowers cost. The electric motorcycle industry which includes brands such as Harley Davidson, Zero and others, relies on both air-cooled and liquid-cooled motors. We believe our technology can result in the production of smaller, lighter weight motors as well as cooler motors, batteries and controls. We believe it will also address common performance issues such as overheating which shuts down the motor and forces the rider to stop and let the motor cool. Finally, we believe our wet rotating disc engagement system can cool motorcycle clutches and brakes. Thermal Technology Target Markets: Generators Large kilowatt: prime power Stationary: emergency back-up, UPS systems Commercial Mobile: Electric vehicles and motor- cycles, e-axles, battery management systems Consumer: home standby, recreation Rental: mobile + light towers, pumps, compressors Mobile Power Generation (eMGen) The Company s mobile power generation system enables work trucks to power an in-chassis generator, eliminating the need for some commercial vehicles to tow a mobile generator to a work site. Management believes that there is an unmet demand for on-board, continuous generation of up to 800 kilowatts (kW) of power to remote jobsites, charge electric vehicles and generate emergency power in the event of an outage or disaster. Meetings with Mexican farmers, military personnel and electric vehicle companies along with feedback from international representatives and agents of the Company have confirmed the need for such applications. We offer an in-chassis generator installation kit as a stand-alone (Mobile Generator or eMGen) for third parties and have contracted with Craftsmen Industries to perform domestic installations. It s likely the Company will also contract with a facility overseas to handle the foreign orders. Management, along with key directors, members of the Board of Advisors and the Company s outside contractors, utilized 2022 to refine specifications and design modifications to improve efficiency and simplify the parts lists. They conducted customer research, maintained existing business relationships with the Army Corps of Engineers, FEMA, state and local disaster preparedness agencies as well as federal and state firefighting agencies. They also expanded federal, state and local government relationships in Mexico and established new business relationships in the Middle East. The Company has signed international joint ventures in Turkey (Belirti Teknoloji) and Australia (KeyOptions) as well as a strategic alliance with VerdeWatts and FirmGreen. Belirti Teknoloji will market and sell CoolTech s entire product platform in Southern Europe, the Middle East and some North African nations. KeyOptions will market and sell CoolTech s entire product platform in Australia and neighboring countries in Southeast Asia. The Company has also signed an independent agent agreement with H K Ventures to generate investment funding and revenues from its business relationships in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and the US. 7 Table of Contents As the Company is still pre-revenue, CoolTech has continued to pursue non-dilutive financing based upon the third-party valuation of the Company s intellectual property, however, there can be no assurance that financing will be obtained. As a result of a cross marketing and license agreement the Company signed with FirmGreen (a producer of commercial water systems) and the interest we received from Mexican government officials, we are commercializing our water desalination and purification capability. The Company now offers eMGen 125 water purification and desalination systems capable of producing up to 14,000 gallons of potable water per day as well as delivery if a rolling tank is hitched to the truck. The truck-mounted systems should cleanse contaminated, polluted and wastewater or remove saline from saltwater. The desalination unit should output either clean potable water for drinking and cooking or non-potable water for agricultural or mining use. In July 2019, our CEO attended a meeting with senators, federal, local, and Oaxaca state deputies, as well as representatives of state and federal agencies in Villa Alta, Mexico to discuss ways to clean the water in the Atoyac River, which is considered to be one of the most polluted rivers in Mexico. Since then, elected officials in the states of Jalisco, Hidalgo and Sonora, Chihuahua and Txlaca have also expressed interest in using the eMGen to treat water from their rivers. The need in Hidalgo is especially urgent. Over 100,000 people were infected with the coronavirus in 2020 due to the contamination of their drinking water. For most states, the primary contaminant is sewage. In Sonora, it s salt. Both impact drinking water and irrigation. We expect the license agreement signed with VerdeWatts (a solar panel and energy storage manufacturer) will also act as a catalyst in the development of a no-idle option that will enable the eMGen system to operate solely through battery and solar power without the need to idle the truck s engine. An eMGen outfitted with a solar or battery-powered no idle system could output clean drinkable water for almost no cost. Mexican interest extends beyond immediate applications. Federal Deputy Efrain Rocha Vega announced in 2020, the Mexican government will also support a Cool Technologies Center of Excellence to help integrate CoolTech s green energy platform into other areas of the Mexican economy. A Center of Excellence is a shared facility or entity that provides leadership, best practices, research, support and/or training for our eMGen power systems, our mobile water purification and desalination systems and possibly our solar-powered and no-idle technology The joint venture the Company signed with VerdeWatts and FirmGreen added a new application for the eMGen System: making it an integral part of mobile microgrids. VerdeWatts solar panels and battery storage systems would provide the sustainable energy. eMGen Systems would recharge or back-up the microgrids and simultaneously power FirmGreen water purification and desalination systems. The mobile microgrids would interface with existing infrastructure for power, water, wireless communications and healthcare. They would provide or increase resilience during grid outages such as what occurred this past winter in Texas, using clean energy alternatives to mobile fossil fuel generators. The microgrids could also power, light and provide potable water and irrigation for farming villages throughout rural America and the developing world. VerdeWatts has publicly stated it has microgrid projects in Puerto Rico, Chile and Nigeria and that it intends to build mobile medical clinics and emergency command posts powered by eMGen systems. An application that the Company has demonstrated publicly is truck mounted electric vehicle charging. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 aims to stimulate domestic production of electric vehicles by providing tax credits to purchase new and used electric vehicles, among other incentives and requirements. To that end, the Biden administration set an ambitious national target to make EVs total half of all new car sales by 2030. Specifically, 50 of new passenger cars and light trucks sold should be battery-electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles or fuel-cell electric vehicles, which run on hydrogen. European Union and California targets are even more far reaching. The EU has announced a ban on new sales of gasoline and diesel cars after 2035 while California's Air Resources Board CARB voted to require all new vehicles sold in the state by 2035 to be either electric or plug-in electric hybrids. The CARB requirement , however, must still be approved by the Biden administration before it can take effect. If the nation reaches the administration s sales target, the number of EVs should grow from less than three million today to approximately 48 million or about 15 percent of all vehicles on the road in the U.S. One large obstacle in the way of achieving those targets is the lack of charging infrastructure. The U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Highway Administration calculates there are about 41,000 publicly accessible, non-Tesla specific, charging stations in the US. The Biden administration wants to increase that to 500,000 by 2030. To help address the shortage and promote sales of electric vehicles, the November 2021 Bipartisan Infrastructure Law allots 7.5 billion to strategically deploy a national EV recharging network of publicly accessible charging stations compatible with all vehicles and technologies as well as to establish a network to facilitate data collection, access, and reliability. Funding is available for up to 80 of eligible project costs. The requirements and considerations include: Charging stations must provide DC fast chargers capable of simultaneously charging four EVs. The stations must be open and accessible 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, all year round. The stations must be located along a designated alternative fuel corridor. States must prioritize charging locations along the Interstate Highway System. Stations should be spaced a maximum of 50 miles apart and be located within 1 mile of the highway. States should target rural, underserved, and disadvantaged communities for EV charging infrastructure. In September 2022, the Department of Transportation announced the release of 5 billion in funding to build EV chargers across 35 states along 53,000 miles of highway over the next five years. The private sector is also stepping up. A quarter of GM's dealer network will install 40,000 US-built EV chargers in an effort to drive community adoption. GM said dealers will pick nearby sites such as entertainment venues, schools and other popular destinations to host the co-branded stations. Ford is requiring dealers who want to sell the automaker s electric vehicles to invest 500,000 to 1.2 million in upgrades like offering at least one fast-charging DC port, with two plugs -- both open to the public by 2024. Jeep parent company Stellantis will also begin requiring its dealerships to offer EV charging by the beginning of 2024. Assuming every GM, Ford and Jeep dealer installs EV chargers that will total approximately 45,500 charging stations. The addition of over half a million public chargers could still be insufficient. In a scenario in which 50 of 150-kW chargers, the cost of an upgrade (not including the charging equipment) could be more than 150,000. all vehicles sold are zero-emission by 2030, McKinsey Company calculates that the US would require 1.2 million public EV chargers and 28 million private EV chargers. All told, the country would need almost 20 times more chargers than it has now. Furthermore, as the number of EVs on the road increases, McKinsey estimates that annual demand for electricity to charge them would surge from 11 billion now to 230 billion kilowatt-hours in 2030 or approximately 5 percent of current total electricity demand in the United States. A particular concern is that grid constraints will occur locally, in neighborhoods and business districts (and near fleet depots) where EV charging will be concentrated. Upgrading grids and/or the charging sites will be costly: for a single public direct-current fast-charging (DCFC) station consisting of four DC 150-kW chargers (https://tinyurl.com/5n8kh2hn). 8 Table of Contents The higher the level and the faster the charge, the more expensive an EV charger is to install. Level 3 chargers cost 120,000 to 260,000 installed on average, according to AlixPartners. Others estimate the cost around 50,000 for a single port for Level 3 stations. In the European Union, a typical 350-kilowatt (kW) charger can cost 150,000, including hardware, installation, and planning. Actual hardware costs usually total a bit more than 50 of total project costs. The other costs include bringing additional power or utility service to the site. Especially with DC fast chargers, a host site likely will not have enough power available and the local utility may have to upgrade the electrical grid to expand power capacity. Electrical conduit upgrades such as the cost of installing a dedicated 480 volt circuit can average 12,000 to 15,000 according to Future Energy. Plus, an electrical upgrade involves associated expenses including electrical panels, meters to monitor electricity use, or even an additional transformer. Construction includes the underground preparation such as boring and trenching as well as concrete pads and cement work for power lines needed to support multiple DC fast chargers. Soft costs (anything not including labor and materials) include everything from architectural and engineering fees to legal fees, easement processes, inspections, permits and taxes and insurance. In many locations, securing permits and approvals to build chargers, construct sites, and connect to the electric grid can require months, or even years, of planning. One final consideration is that resources including skilled technicians and production capacity for fast charging hardware and high voltage electrical equipment are in short supply. The eMGen s EV charging option helps quickly address those adoption concerns in a very cost-effective way. Mobile charging vehicles don t require permits or build out of infrastructure. Our technology can provide Level 2, DC Fast Charging and even mega charging (up to and including 825 kVA on a medium duty Class 6 truck) and should deliver even more power in the future. Because the system is retrofittable, it can be uninstalled and reinstalled on a larger or newer model truck that generates more torque. More torque is an upgrade to the system as more torque produces more power. Our revenue model for an in-chassis mobile electric power generation system is driven by the efforts of partner up-fitters and truck body builders along with regional sales teams and independent representatives as well as strategic alliances and joint ventures. We believe that in head-to-head competition with tow behind generators, our mobile generation technology should prove very disruptive. Operators in such markets as the military, utilities and agriculture, to name a few, will be able to work in remote locations without having to tow or drop in a generator. We believe that the reduction in overall weight and size should also deliver significant operating efficiencies and savings to government and work truck fleets. Furthermore, we believe that our new applications will enhance adoption of the eMGen across an even wider range of industries, NGOs and government entities in both first and third world countries. Competition Heat Dispersion Technologies (Totally Enclosed Heat Pipe Cooled and Radial Vent Heat Pipe) Cooling solutions to remove or control heat produced by industrial electric motors, generators and alternators are provided by the manufacturers. Their current best practices are based on technology that s over 50 years old. They either add a liquid cooling system to the motor or build an extra-large frame around the motor to provide additional surface area to help dissipate the heat. Both practices increase the cost and complexity of their products. The Company is not aware of any new alternatives on the market. 9 Table of Contents Mobile Electric Power (eMGen 30-eMGen 825.8) The worldwide market for power generation off site spans a broad range. We believe the competitive factors in our markets include but are not limited to: technological innovation and adaptability; ease of transport and use; product quality and safety; kilowatts output and efficiency; and product price. We believe our primary competition in the mobile generator market will be from well-established companies such as Cummins, Caterpillar Inc., Doosan Group, Wacker Neuson SE, Multi Quip Inc. and Generac Power Systems. All of them offer towable, trailer-mounted generators. Cummins Onan, Harrison Hydra-Gen and Smart Power Systems offer an onboard generator, specifically engineered for mobile emergency vehicle use. Portable generators address a need for mobile electric power in the commercial, leisure and residential markets. As outputs tend to range from 1 to 17.5 kilowatts (kW), the competition they provide is only at the lowest end of our power output spectrum. Onan, Honda and Kohler are among the well-established brand names. A standard option that can be ordered when purchasing a truck is a power take-off or PTO. PTOs are mounted to a truck s drivetrain and redirect engine power to operate onboard equipment. Integrated power systems use the PTO to run an alternating current generator. Cool Tech has the capability to power the generator directly from the drivetrain or from a PTO. Real Power from Contour Hardening, Inc. offers alternating current (AC) power systems driven by a PTO. System voltages range from 15 to 180 kVA. Those under 60 kW retrofit under the beds of class 3 to 5 diesel trucks. Systems larger than 100 kW require Class 6 or 8 diesel trucks and a side mount. An important difference between the Real Power and the eMGen systems is that the eMGen can generate up to 125 kW on class 3 to 5 trucks and it can operate independently from the transmission. Modular integrated systems offer varying combinations of air compressors, welders, hydraulics and generators. Vanair Manufacturing, Inc s Underdeck uses a PTO to power various combinations and output from 6.6 to 25 kilowatts. The company also offers an hydraulic driven generator that outputs up to 15 kilowatts of electric power. HIPPO Multipower packages hydraulic, air, electric and welding into a single unit. Outputs range from 5.2 to 9 kW. The Enpak from Miller Electric Manufacturing Company offers the same package powered by a separate diesel engine that exports 7 kW of power. Many electric vehicles EV and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles PHEV can use excess battery capacity to provide exportable power with no idling. Ford s 2022 hybrid F-150 pickup truck exports 2.4 to 9.6 kilowatts of power. Odyne Systems, LLC, manufactures hybrid systems for medium and heavy-duty work trucks over 14,000 pounds. The systems export 6 to 18 kW of AC power. Another way EV and PHEV can power onboard equipment is through an ePTO or electric power take-off which is essentially a battery-powered version of a PTO. Terex s Corporation s hybrid-electric system uses an SmartPTO to export up to 12 (Volts) 3.8 kW of power. Cummins, Inc. Powerdrives (hybrid and electric powertrains) offer an exportable power option that provides up to 200 kW of grid-synchronized power. Allison Transmission and a partner company combine a generator and transmission into a single casing to produce 30 to 125 kW of electric power. The company s electrification portfolio also includes the Transmission Integral Generator which provides up to 120kW of electrical power to reduce reliance on traditional towable generators 10 Table of Contents While both the eMGen and the Allison Transmission are retrofittable, there are important differences. The Allison is limited to new vehicles that incorporate its 3,000 and 4,000 Series transmissions. The eMGen can produce up to 125 kW on an 8,000 pound as opposed to a 40,000-pound vehicle. Also, the eMGen s power is produced independently from the transmission, consequently, the truck can still operate if the generator stops working. In January 2022, Oshkosh Defense, a wholly owned subsidiary of Oshkosh Corporation, demonstrated the first-ever silent drive hybrid-electric Joint Light Tactical Vehicle (JLTV), the JLTV provides export power capacity of up to 115kW. Other companies use a vehicle s engine to charge on-board batteries, which then run the generator when the vehicle is stopped. Output tends to be less than 50 kW and lithium-ion batteries typically power the system. The batteries have limited runtimes and a shorter lifespan than acid batteries. In addition, they must be cooled to operate properly. As an example, Altec Inc s. Jobsite Energy Management System provides up to 4 kW of exportable power. Aura Systems, Inc. and Mobile Electric Power Solutions, Inc. MEPS use a vehicle engine s drive belt to turn a generator. MEPS provides up to 15 kW of AC power whereas Aura Systems generates up to 20 kW of direct current (DC) or AC power. Other MEPS engine or transmission-based electrical power take-off systems output small amounts in the range of 7 kW or 15 kW when two generators are aligned. CoolTech s Mobile Generation system can also provide Level 2 and Level 3 DC Fast Charging (up to and including 350 kVA on a Class 7, 13 liter truck). Levels indicate the charging power. The higher the level, the higher the power. More power equals shorter charging times. Level 2 is typically 240 volt AC (alternating current) power. Level 3 relies on 480 volt DC (direct current) power. Most Level 3 chargers provide an 80 charge in 30 minutes. The Company expects to deliver even more power in the future. That is because the system is retrofittable. It can be uninstalled and reinstalled on a larger truck that generates more torque. Real Power uses a PTO driven generator to output 70 kW of power for Level 3 DC fast charging. Lightning Mobile puts a rechargeable package into a trailer to deliver DC fast charging at up to 80 kW and, optionally, Level 2 AC charging at up to 19.2 kW. In China, vans operated by Nio store about 200 kilowatt hours (kWh) for vehicle charging. The Blink Mobile Emergency Charger outputs up to 9.6 kW which equates to about 1 mile of charge per minute. It can also supply on-demand mobile EV charging, Energy as a Service (EAAS) having provided mobile and portable EC energy for rapid mobile electric vehicle charging. NIO s Power Mobile t offers a 40-60kW mobile charging service. The vans operated by the company store about 200 kWh for vehicle charging and carry both AC and DC connections. In China, NIO s mobile charging services are also provided by the Beijing Automotive Group s all-EV brand Beijing Electric Vehicle. According to two China-based websites, Chinese car-maker BYD had also launched its own mobile charging service which is similar to NIO's power replenishment car. The Mobi EV Charger is essentially batteries on wheels with a joystick drive system. The Level 2 fast charger is equipped with an 80-kWh battery. Evesco, a part of Power Sonic Corp, mobile DC power chargers EVMO S Series output 30 to 60 kW. The caster-mounted can be rolled to any DC-compatible electric vehicle on the market via CHAdeMO (preferred system of most Japanese manufacturers), Combined Charging System (preferred system of most American and European car manufacturers) or GB/T (a national standard used in China). Heliox Energy provides a mobile 40 kW wheeled charger that plugs into any standard European AC wall-socket SparkCharge s transportable fast-charging system incorporates a battery module that provides up to 20 kW of power. The SparkCharge service vehicle comes to the customer s location with a portable charge system which is essentially several batteries stacked together into a unit, that can provide DC (direct current) fast charging on the spot. Currently uses SparkCharge s Roadie portable charging systems. Each charge delivers up to 100 miles. Currently will only charge your vehicle up to 80 . The built-in 56kWh battery pack provides 60kW DC power for EV charging. Service available in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Jose and Dallas SETEC Power, a Chinese company, offers a modular emergency mobile EV charging system that can be mounted inside a utility van. The built-in 56kWh battery pack provides 60 kW of DC power. Companies that offer containerized systems for vehicle or trailer mounted charging installed in any vehicle or trailer that meets size and weight specifications Lightning Mobile is charged from a standard Level 2 AC charger at up to 18kW and can deliver DC Fast Charging at up to 80kW and Level 2 AC charging at up to 19.2kW. Mobile Disaster Relief And Rescue Easily tow Lightning Mobile to where fast vehicle charging is needed, including, The e-Boost GOAT from Pioneer Power Mobility offers 50-90 kW Level 3 DC fast charging from propane-fueled generators. The company also offers skid, pod and trailer-mounted propane charging units that provide 50-350 kW. ZAPME from UK-based ZPN Energy offers battery-based EV charging systems in containerized, trailer-mounted, vehicle-mounted or hand movable units. Outputs range from 10 to 300 KWh. A 50 KWh vehicle-mounted unit deliver charge rates up to 150 kW. Another variation on mobile charging relies on a self-contained unit that is dropped into place. EV Safe Charge offers a temporary Level 2 and DC fast charging systems delivered to locations on demand. Depending upon on-site capabilities, chargers are powered either through existing power at the location, solar panels, or self-contained generating systems. Ziggy is a robotic mobile EV charging platform that serves all parking spaces, not just a few. Ziggy then motors over to hold a reserved parking space where owners plug in and charge at up to a 19.2-kWh pace, roughly the peak of current Level 2 onboard capabilities. (The company plans to develop DC fast-charging capability at roughly 50 kilowatts, well below the 150-to-350-kWh peaks of the most powerful ultrafast chargers, but still a useful jolt). The EV ARC from Beam Global uses a solar array to export up to 5.7 kW of power. It provides Level 2 charging to as many as 6 EVs at a time. Both the battery-on-wheels and the delivery and drop-off systems aim to address the problems with permitting, construction and electrical infrastructure upgrades common to permanent charging installations. We believe our proprietary technology is so powerful, innovative, versatile, easy to use and offers very attractive price points that we can compete in and even disrupt the remote power generation market in spite of the challenges posed by our competition. 11 Table of Contents Equipment As a company that intends to commercialize or license its proprietary technology for others to install, manufacture and/or distribute, our equipment needs are project specific and temporary. We do not intend to purchase any production equipment to implement our business operations, but instead we will rent, lease or outsource as needed. Manufacturing We do not plan to manufacture in-house. The Company works with Craftsmen Industries utilizing its assets and system integrators to upfit our Mobile Generation technology. For our thermal technologies, the Company plans to rely on product development agreements with manufacturers who will then pay a license or royalty per unit. We anticipate that such agreements will delineate the respective intellectual property owned by both companies, describe the goal of the testing to verify the savings and value to a particular company, the equipment to be modified, the criteria that constitutes successful testing, how and where the tests will be conducted and the next steps to be taken in the event of successful testing. Suppliers For mobile power generation, the required software and its vehicle integration were supplied by a third party provider of engineering services along with partner truck up-fitter and others to be named later. Production level quantities of system components will be handled by at least three suppliers. For the thermal technology applications in large electric motors, a single supplier will provide the heat pipes and mechanical structure, which combine to make the heat exchangers. We will coordinate with them to combine our thermal technology with their designs in the creation of heat exchangers. For dry pit submersibles (a type of submersible pump which can also operate in a dry environment), we intend to purchase the wound stator and the rotor-shaft from one of the largest electric motor manufacturers in the world. We intend to purchase the fully-machined castings from an American company and rely on assembly and testing by another corporation based in the USA. As of April 5, 2023, we have not signed formal agreements with any suppliers. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our technology and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of patents, patent applications, trade secrets, copyright laws, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Currently, we have no licenses or contractual rights in place to protect our technology and intellectual property, only patents or patents pending. As of December 31, 2022, we have seven US patents, two Canadian patents, one Mexican patent, one allowed Brazilian patent and one pending US patent application covering integrated electrical power generation methods and systems. In addition, we have applied for and received trademarks for an acronym for one of our technologies: TEHPC and eMGen which will function as the brand name for CoolTech s Mobile Power Generation System. Our success will likely depend upon our ability to preserve our proprietary technologies and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of other parties. However, we may also rely on certain proprietary technologies and know-how that are not patentable. We strive to protect such proprietary information, in part, by the use of confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and contractors. The Company has a policy of not disclosing its patent applications in order to protect the underlying technology. 12 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the patents we own or license which we believe support our technology. Patent Number Country Filing Date Issue Date Expiration Date Title 8,283,818 B2 US February 4, 2010 October 9, 2012 June 19, 2026 Electric Motor with Heat Pipes 8,134,260 B2 US July 31, 2009 March 13, 2012 June 19, 2026 Electric Motor with Heat Pipes 8,148,858 B2 US August 6, 2009 April 3, 2012 August 6 2028 Totally Enclosed Heat Pipe Cooled Motor 8,198,770 B2 US April 3, 2009 June 12, 2012 April 4, 2028 Heat Pipe Bearing Cooler Systems and Methods 7,569,955 B2 US June 19, 2007 August 4, 2009 June 19, 2026 Electric Motor with Heat Pipes 9,618,068 US December 18, 2014 April 11, 2017 December 18, 2033 Heat Pipe Cooled Wet Brake 9,543,809 US February 25, 2014 January 10, 2017 February 25, , 2033 Radial Vent Composite Heat Pipe 2,971,404 Canada June 16, 2017 October 15, 2019 December 16, 2034 Heat Pipe Cooled Wet Brake 2,902,329 Canada August 24, 2015 May 2019 February 25, 2034 Radial Vent Composite Heat Pipe 346856 Mexico August 25, 2015 April 2017 February 25, 2034 Radial Vent Composite Heat Pipe BR 112015020362-0 Brazil August 24, 2015 November 2021 February 25, 2034 Radial Vent Composite Heat Pipe Government and Industry Regulation We intend to conduct business worldwide and, therefore, we must comply with local, state, federal, and international regulations, both in operations and for our products. As a company, we do not plan to manufacture any of our products. Therefore, the government regulations we will be subject to will be limited to storage and involve rotating the shafts of stored electric motors on a regular basis. Applicable laws and regulations include those governing, among other things, the handling, storage and transportation of materials and products as well as noise and employee safety. In addition, some of our products are subject to various laws and regulations relating to, among other things, emissions and fuel requirements. Accordingly, we may be required or may voluntarily determine to obtain approval of our products from one or more of the organizations engaged in regulating product or environmental safety. These approvals could require significant time and resources from our technical staff and, if redesign were necessary, could result in a delay in the introduction of our products in various markets and applications. Although we believe that our operations and products are in material compliance with current applicable regulations noted within this section, there can be no assurance that changes in such laws and regulations will not impose costly compliance requirements on us or otherwise subject us to future liabilities. New regulations could also require our licensees to redesign their products which could cause us to redesign our technologies which, consequently, could affect market growth for our products. As our thermal technologies are incorporated in existing motors, generators and other manufactured products that are already subject to regulation. The regulatory burden will fall on the original equipment manufacturers that license our technology. 13 Table of Contents The Company adds a mobile power generation system to Class 3-8 work trucks. In addition to an existing generator incorporating our thermal technology, the gearing system will incorporate our thermal technology as well. The vehicle and drive train operate normally in accordance with manufacturer s specifications. No regulations are violated or exceeded. Nonetheless, in some markets, the Company will have to certify that it meets federal, state or local noise and emission regulations. Our designs comply with current EPA emission standards, and we believe they will comply with future requirements. No original vehicle parts will be significantly modified in the retrofitting process. There will be some additional parts (generator, touchscreens, software, sensors and controls) added, but these parts will not change how the vehicle operates in any way. The drive train will operate according to the manufacturer s specifications. Therefore, we believe that the original warranty will remain in effect, and we do not believe that the conversion will violate the Magnuson-Moss Act. The Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act is a federal law that protects consumers by barring a vehicle manufacturer from voiding the warranty on a vehicle due to an aftermarket part unless the manufacturer can prove that the aftermarket part caused or contributed to the failure in the vehicle. The Company will warranty the eMGen System with an industry standard warranty. All of our other components (generator, human machine interface, software, controller/sensors) will be warranted by their respective manufacturers. The Department of Transportation, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration NHTSA is charged with writing and enforcing safety and fuel economy standards for motor vehicles through their Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards. These standards require manufacturers to design their electrically powered vehicles so that, in the event of a crash, the electrical energy storage, conversion, and traction systems are either electrically isolated from the vehicle s chassis, or their voltage is below specified levels considered safe from electric shock hazards. Our planned no-idle version of our Mobile Generation system will be designed to meet or exceed these requirements. Optional components such as solar panels, batteries, water purification or desalination systems will be supplied and warrantied by their manufacturers In addition, the total weight of the additional components should remain within the vehicle s gross vehicle weight rating. As a result, we believe that our retrofits will comply with federal and state transportation regulations. While we do not create and market our products around government subsidies and tax incentives, a class 3 to 5 eMGen truck equipped with a charger can provide a Level II charge to one or more electric vehicles. Our 200 kVA truck will provide Level III DC fast charging and a medium duty class 6 truck (Ford F-650) can power what is informally known as a mega-charger for vehicles like the Porsche Taycan or Tesla - all from the truck bed. Assuming the eMGen truck qualifies as a charging station, almost every state and a number of municipalities and utilities offer grants, rebates, tax credits, or other incentives for electric vehicle charging stations. If we fulfill all elements of our business plan, we will have to prepare for, understand and ultimately meet emerging product environmental regulations around the world. Our products will have to comply with the new Euro VII emission standards that are expected to go into effect in the European Union in 2022, as well as the standards in other international markets, including Japan, Mexico, Australia, Brazil, Russia, India, and China that are becoming more stringent. Employees As of April 9, 2023, we had two full time employees and four part-time contractors . We hope to hire additional employees, on an as-needed basis, subject to sufficient funding, as products and services are developed. 14 Table of Contents Research and Development During the years 2022 and 2021, we incurred research and development costs of 19,854 and 19,853, respectively. All costs were borne by the Company. Item 1A: Risk Factors RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Our independent auditors have expressed their concern as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result of our financial condition, we have received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm for our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 that includes an explanatory paragraph describing the uncertainty as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred net losses of 61,120,707 since inception and have not yet commenced full operations, raising substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had 142 in cash on hand. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to generate revenue, achieve profitable operations and repay our obligations when they come due. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. We are pursuing various financing alternatives to support the sales, component acquisition and assembly of our mobile power generation systems as well as the completion of the secondary elements of our business plan: to license its thermal technologies and applications, including submersible dry-pit applications. There can be no assurance, however, that we will obtain adequate funding or that we will be successful in accomplishing any of our objectives. The Company believes that if it does not obtain adequate working capital by the end of the second quarter 2023, it may need to cease or curtail operations. We have approximately 1,362,050 in principal amount of promissory notes and another 1,078,500 in promissory notes currently in default. We have approximately 1,362,050 in principal amount of promissory notes and another 1,078,500 in promissory notes currently in default. We do not have enough cash on hand to pay our obligations when due and may default on the rest of the notes. As a result, if we default on the notes the lender will be able to seek to enforce the obligations on the notes which will hurt our business operations and may cause us to curtail or cease operations. Our limited operating history makes evaluating our business and future prospects difficult and may increase the risk of your investment. We have a limited operating history on which investors can base an evaluation of our business, operating results and prospects. We have no operating history with respect to commercializing our heat pipe technology and licensing it to motor and generator manufacturers or selling mobile generators or translating our thermal technology from testing and one-off applications into mass market production. Consequently, it is difficult to predict our future revenues, if any, and appropriately budget for our expenses, and we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. We have only recently commercialized our mobile power generation system. Funds from the bridge financing financed a pilot run by Craftsmen Industries, which is our manufacturing partner. We also have reason to believe from current negotiations that funds will be available for the transition from pilot run to full production of the mobile generation system. If we are unable to obtain additional funding in a timely manner it will have a negative impact. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. The inability to raise the additional capital will restrict our ability to develop and conduct business operations 15 Table of Contents We have a history of operating losses and can provide no assurance of our future operating results. From incorporation in 2002 to December 31, 2022, we have incurred net losses of 61,120,707. The losses may continue into the foreseeable future. There can be no assurance we will ever operate profitably or that we will have adequate working capital to meet our obligations as they become due. Investors must consider the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage companies, particularly in rapidly evolving markets. We cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that we will successfully address these risks. In the event that we do not successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The market for mobile power generation is changing. Although tow-behind generators have been the standard for more than 60 years, the market is changing. A greater number of hybrid and electric vehicles are being sold and low power generation systems are being incorporated in internal combustion trucks. As the eMGen System produces power equal to tow behinds from a smaller, lighter package, it is reflective of that change. In addition, usage of electric vehicles continues to increase, however, in many countries, charging infrastructure is not likely to keep pace. As the eMGen Systems offer both slow and fast charging capabilities, this creates new opportunities for the Company. Nonetheless, significant increases in the electrical output of existing mobile power systems, rapid build-out of electric vehicle charging infrastructure, new government regulations or changes in consumer demand and behavior may slow the growth of our business and negatively impact our financial results. Many of our potential competitors are better established and have significantly greater resources. The market for the products we develop is highly competitive. Many of our potential competitors are well established with larger and better resources, longer relationships with customers and suppliers, greater name recognition and greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we have. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins, loss of market share and loss of licensees, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. We cannot ensure that prospective competitors will not adopt technologies or business plans similar to ours or develop products which may be superior to ours or which may prove to be more popular. It is possible that new competitors will emerge and rapidly acquire market share. We cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against future competitors or that the competitive pressures will not materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. We may experience significant delays in the design and implementation of our thermal technology into the motors and/or generators of the companies with which we have research and development agreements which could harm our business and prospects. Motor manufacturers often experience delays in the design, manufacture and commercial release of new product lines. Any delay in the financing, design, and implementation of our thermal technology into the motor and/or generator lines of companies with which we may have research and development agreements could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. If we are unable to adequately control the costs associated with operating our business, including our costs of sales and materials, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects will suffer. If we are unable to maintain a sufficiently low level of costs for designing, marketing, selling and distributing our conversion system and thermal technologies relative to their selling prices, our operating results, gross margins, business and prospects could be adversely impacted. We have made, and will be required to continue to make, significant investments for the design and sales of our system and technologies. There can be no assurances that our costs of producing and delivering our system and technologies will be less than the revenue, if any, we may generate from sales and/or licensing. We may be required to incur substantial marketing costs and expenses to promote our systems and technologies, even though our marketing expenses to date have been relatively limited. Many of the factors that impact our operating costs are beyond our control. For example, the costs of our components could increase due to disruptions to the supply chain or shortages if global demand for such components increases. 16 Table of Contents We will be dependent on our suppliers. The inability or refusal of these suppliers to deliver components at prices and volumes acceptable to us would have an adverse effect on our business. We have selected suppliers, issued purchase orders and received products for our mobile power generation system. We source globally from a number of suppliers, none of which are single source suppliers for these components. Failure to obtain reliable sources of component supply that will enable us to meet quality, price, engineering, design and production standards, as well as the production volumes required to successfully market our conversion system could negatively affect our Company s revenues and business operations. Even if we are successful in developing a high-volume mobile power manufacturing platform and reliable sources of component supply, we do not know whether we will be able to do so in a manner that avoids significant delays and cost overruns. If we experience significant increased demand, or need to replace our existing suppliers, there can be no assurance that additional supplies of component parts will be available when required on terms that are favorable to us, or that a supplier would allocate sufficient supplies to us in order to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to delays to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers, result in negative publicity, damage our brand and adversely affect our business, prospects and operating results. Any significant disruption in our supplier relationships, particularly relationships with sole source suppliers, could harm our business. Furthermore, some of our suppliers may not be able to handle any commodity cost volatility and/or sharply changing volumes while still performing as we expect. To the extent our suppliers experience supply disruptions, there is a risk for delivery delays, production delays, production issues or delivery of non-conforming products by our suppliers. Even where these risks do not materialize, we may incur costs as we try to make contingency plans for such risks. Our research and commercialization efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to technological changes. As technologies change, we plan to upgrade or adapt our mobile power generation system in order to continue to provide vehicles with the latest technology. However, our installations or retrofits may not compete effectively with alternative vehicles if we are not able to source and integrate the latest technology into our mobile power generation system. We plan to offer a no-idle system, however, since we do not plan to manufacture battery cells and/or solar panels, we are dependent on suppliers of battery cell and/or solar panel technology for our no idle systems. To help mitigate the risk, we have signed a strategic alliance with a solar power and energy storage company (VerdeWatts). However, there can be no guarantee that such risk mitigation will be successful. Furthermore, any failure to keep up with advances in electric or hybrid vehicle technology would result in a decline in our competitive position which would adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. An occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic is likely to negatively affect our operations. The occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic and its subsequent variants is likely to negatively affect our operations. A pandemic typically results in social distancing, travel bans and quarantine, and this has limited access to our facilities, customers, management, support staff and professional advisors. These, in turn, will not only impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our products but our overall ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event. Also, it may substantially hamper our efforts to provide our investors with timely information and comply with our filing obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. While the pandemic phase of COVID-19 has receded and the virus is now considered to be endemic in the US as of this filing, the evolution of an acute and more contagious variant is possible. In such a case, it may impact demand for our products and may again hamper our efforts to provide our investors with timely information and comply with our filing obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A prolonged economic downturn or economic uncertainty could adversely affect our business and cause us to require additional sources of financing, which may not be available. Real GDP growth, inflation, employment levels, oil prices, interest rates, tax rates, availability of customer financing, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and other macroeconomic trends can adversely affect demand for the products that we offer. Geopolitical issues around the world (such as the war in Ukraine) and how our markets are positioned can also impact macroeconomic conditions and could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. Economic cycles and any related fluctuation in the businesses of our potential fleet customers, electric motor manufacturers or income of the general public may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If global economic conditions deteriorate or economic uncertainty increases, our potential customers may experience lowered incomes or deterioration of their businesses, which may result in the delay or cancellation of plans to convert their vehicles, reduced license sales or reduced royalties from sales by licensees. As a consequence, our cash flow could be adversely impacted. 17 Table of Contents Any changes in business credit availability or cost of borrowing could adversely affect our business. Declines in the availability of business credit and increases in corporate borrowing costs could negatively impact the number of mobile generators installed and the number of electric motors and generators manufactured. Substantial declines in the number of installations or retrofits by our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we lose any of our key management personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our objectives. Our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our management and consultants. The Company s operations and business strategy are dependent upon the knowledge and business contacts of our executive officers and our consultants. We have employment agreements with our Chief Executive Officer and our Vice President and interim Chief Financial Officer. Although, we hope to retain the services of all of our officers, if an officer should choose to leave us for any reason before we have hired additional personnel, our operations may suffer. If we should lose their services before we are able to engage and retain qualified employees and consultants to execute our business plan, we may not be able to continue to develop our business as quickly or efficiently. In addition, we and our production partners/affiliates must be able to attract, train, motivate and retain highly skilled and experienced technical employees in order to successfully develop our business. Qualified technical employees often are in great demand and may be unavailable in the time frame required to satisfy our business requirements. We may not be able to attract and retain sufficient numbers of highly skilled technical employees in the future. The loss of technical personnel or our inability to hire or retain sufficient technical personnel at competitive rates of compensation could impair our ability to successfully grow our business. If we lose the services of any of our consultants, we may not be able to replace them with similarly qualified personnel, which could harm our business. We may incur material losses and costs as a result of product defects, warranty claims or product liability actions that may be brought against us. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability if our mobile power generation system or other products fail to perform as expected or failure of our products results in bodily injury or property damage. If flaws in the design of our products were to occur, we could experience a rate of failure in our mobile power generation system or other products that could result in significant charges for product re-work or replacement costs. Although we plan to engage in extensive quality programs and processes, these may not be sufficient to avoid conversion or product failures, which could cause us to: lose net revenue; incur increased costs such as costs associated with customer support; experience delays, cancellations or rescheduling of retrofits or orders for our products; experience increased product returns or discounts; or damage our reputation; All of the above could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. If any of our mobile power generation systems or other products are or are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in a recall involving such installations, retrofits, or products. A recall claim brought against us, or a product liability claim brought against us in excess of our insurance, may have a material adverse effect on our business. 18 Table of Contents Depending on the terms under which we supply products to a vehicle component or engine manufacturer, a manufacturer may attempt to hold us responsible for some or all of the repair or replacement costs of defective products under their warranties when the manufacturer asserts that the product supplied did not perform as warranted. Developments or assertions by us or against us relating to intellectual property rights could materially impact our business. We own significant intellectual property, including a number of patents, and intend to be involved in numerous licensing arrangements. Our intellectual property should play an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets we intend to serve. We will attempt to protect proprietary and intellectual property rights to our products and conversion system through available patent laws and licensing and distribution arrangements with reputable domestic and international companies. Despite these precautions, patent laws afford only limited practical protection in certain countries. Litigation may also be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and the diversion of resources. As we create or adopt new technology, we will also face an inherent risk of exposure to the claims of others that we have allegedly violated their intellectual property rights. Our products could infringe on the intellectual property rights of others which may result in costly litigation and, if we do not prevail, could also cause us to pay substantial damages and prohibit us from selling or licensing our products. Third parties may assert infringement or other intellectual property claims against us. We may have to pay substantial damages, including damages for past infringement if it is ultimately determined that our products or technology infringe a third party s proprietary rights. Further, we may be prohibited from selling or providing products before we obtain additional licenses, which, if available at all, may require us to pay substantial royalties or licensing fees. Even if claims are determined to be without merit, defending a lawsuit takes significant time, may be expensive and may divert management s attention from our other business concerns. Any public announcements related to litigation or interference proceedings initiated or threatened against us could cause our business to be negatively impacted and our stock price to decline. We may incur losses, additional costs or even interruption of business operations as a result of fines or sanctions brought by government regulators. Our business will be subject to various U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. environmental, transportation and safety laws and regulations. We cannot assure you that we will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws, regulations or certifications, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. We may face risks from doing business internationally. We have signed joint venture and/or sales representation agreements with companies in Turkey and Australia. It is likely that there will be further sales, licensing and distribution of products and technologies outside the United States, and that we will derive revenues from these sources. Consequently, our revenues and results of operations will be vulnerable to currency fluctuations. We will report our revenues and results of operations in United States dollars, but a significant portion of our revenues may be earned outside of the United States. We cannot accurately predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on revenues and operating margins. Such fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 19 Table of Contents Our business will also be subject to other risks inherent in the international marketplace, many of which are beyond our control. These risks include: laws and policies affecting trade, investment and taxes, including economic sanctions as well as laws and policies relating to the repatriation of funds and withholding taxes, and changes in these laws; changes in local regulatory requirements, including restrictions on installations or retrofits; differing cultural tastes and attitudes; differing degrees of protection for intellectual property; the instability of foreign economies and governments; war and acts of terrorism. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. I f we are unable to effectively implement or maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results and our stock price could be adversely affected. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related regulations require us to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for that fiscal year. Management determined that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Act Commission s rules and forms and that our disclosure controls are not effectively designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our internal controls are not effective for the following reasons, (1) we have limited entity-level controls because of the limited time and abilities of the three officers, (2) we have not implemented adequate system and manual controls, and (3) there is no separate audit committee. Any failure to implement new or improved controls necessary to remedy the material weaknesses described above, or difficulties encountered in the implementation or operation of these controls, could harm our operations, decrease the reliability of our financial reporting, and cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, which could adversely affect our business and reduce our stock price. We may be at risk to accurately report financial results or detect fraud if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls. As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report that contains an assessment by management on the Company s internal control over financial reporting in their annual and quarterly reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q. We cannot assure you that significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Also, future changes in our accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory environment may create new areas of risk exposure. Failure to modify our existing control environment accordingly may impair our controls over financial reporting and cause our investors to lose confidence in the reliability of our financial reporting, which may adversely affect our stock price. 20 Table of Contents RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMMON STOCK The issuance of shares upon conversion of our preferred stock and exercise of outstanding warrants and options will cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, there are three shares of Series A preferred stock Series A Stock issued and outstanding (each such share of Series A Stock has the voting right of 50,000 shares of common stock) convertible into an aggregate of 150,000 shares of common stock and 2,727,270 shares of Series B preferred stock Series B Stock issued and outstanding. For so long as the Series B Stock is issued and outstanding, the holders of Series B Stock shall vote together as a single class with the holders of the common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock, with the holders of Series B Stock being entitled to 66 2/3 of the total votes on all such matters. There are also warrants to purchase an aggregate of 41,850,000 shares of common stock and options to purchase an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. The issuance of shares upon conversion of preferred stock and exercise of warrants and options will result in substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders. The holders of the Series B Stock have 66 2/3 of the voting rights of the Company . Because the holders of the Series B Stock have 66 2/3 of the voting rights of the Company if they act together, they will be able to influence the outcome of all corporate actions requiring approval of our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, which may result in corporate action with which other stockholders do not agree. If the Series B stockholders vote in favor of the foregoing action and have sufficient voting power to approve such actions through their ownership of Series B Stock, no other stockholder approvals will be required. Our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (i) that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and (ii) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (i) obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and (ii) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (i) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (ii) that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 21 Table of Contents Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them . We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them at a price higher than that which they initially paid for such shares. The market price of our shares of common stock is subject to fluctuation. The market prices of our shares may fluctuate significantly in response to factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: The announcement of new products by our competitors The release of new products by our competitors Developments in our industry or target markets General market conditions including factors unrelated to our operating performance Recently, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Continued market fluctuations could result in extreme market volatility in the price of our shares of common stock which could cause a decline in the value of our shares. There is a limited trading market for our securities. There is currently only a limited trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict the extent investor interest will lead to development of an active trading market or how liquid that trading market might become. If an active trading market does not develop or is not sustained, it may be difficult for investors to sell shares of our common stock at a price that is attractive or at all. In such a case, you may find that you are unable to achieve any benefit from your investment or liquidate your shares. Because we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange, the Amex Equities Exchanges and NASDAQ, as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities which are listed on those exchanges or the NASDAQ. Although our shareholders appointed independent directors to the board, we do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. Until then, the directors who are part of management have the ability, among other things, to determine their own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations. Our Articles of Incorporation allow for our board of directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. Our Board has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. As a result, our Board could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to such holders (i) the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, (ii) the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and (iii) the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. In addition, our Board could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing common stockholders. 22 Table of Contents Any of the actions described in the preceding paragraph could significantly adversely affect the investment made by holders of our common stock. Holders of common stock could potentially not receive dividends that they might otherwise have received. In addition, holders of our common stock could receive less proceeds in connection with any future sale of the Company, whether in liquidation or on any other basis. Our officers, directors and Series B preferred shareholders own a substantial amount of our common stock and exercise significant control over our corporate governance and affairs which may result in their taking actions with which other shareholders do not agree. Our executive officers and directors control approximately 3.4 of our outstanding common stock. In addition, a former director owns Series B preferred shares with two other stockholders. Together, they control 66 and 2/3 of the voting rights of the Company. The officers, directors and Series B stockholders, if they act together, may be able to exercise substantial influence over the outcome of all corporate actions requiring approval of our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, which may result in corporate action with which other stockholders do not agree. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control which might be in other stockholders best interest, but which might negatively affect the market price of our common stock. We are in breach of our agreements with certain investors for failure to timely file a registration statement with the SEC registering shares offered and sold to such investors. In connection with the offer and sale of shares and warrants to purchase shares of common stock, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC including these shares once the Company sold an aggregate of one million shares. The Company sold 1 million shares in July 2013. In addition, our placement agents also have piggyback registration rights for shares underlying warrants issued to them. If an investor or placement agent decides to bring an action against the Company before this registration statement is deemed effective, we may be faced with litigation and other costs and damages if unsuccessful in any such action. We may, in the future, issue additional common shares, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. Our Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which as of April 10, 2023, 705,393,993 shares are issued, and outstanding excluding 1,000,000 shares held in escrow. On February 13, 2020, stockholders holding shares that entitled them to exercise at least a majority of the voting power, voted in favor of increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock, from 500,000,000 shares to 1,000,000,000 shares. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors and may have an adverse effect on any trading market of our common stock. Offers or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market under Rule 144 or upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. 23 Table of Contents Item 2. Properties The Company rents a virtual office, which it uses as its corporate headquarters for a monthly rent of 300. The office is located at 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300, Tampa, Florida 33637. We believe this space is adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Securities and Exchange Commission Settlement On September 20, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approved an offer to settle the enforcement proceedings against the Company pursuant to Section 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These proceedings arose out of the violation of the Regulation S-X requirement that interim financial statements filed as part of a Form 10-Q be reviewed by an independent public accounting firm prior to filing. On three occasions, specifically, May 20, 2013, August 19, 2013, and August 22, 2016, Cool Technologies filed Form 10-Qs that contained financial statements that were not reviewed by an independent public accounting firm. In two cases, the Company properly disclosed that the 10Q s were unaudited and unreviewed as set forth by the guidance in the Division of Corporation Finance Financial Reporting Manual Section 4410.3. And in each case, the Company subsequently filed a restated and amended Form 10-Q/A that complied with the Interim Review Requirement. In no instance were the filings ever subjected to audit challenge. Pursuant to the enforcement proceeding instituted by the SEC, the Company settled for a fine of 75,000 and agreed to cease and desist from any future violations of Sections 13(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13a-13 thereunder, and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X. PGC Investments, LLC Settlement Cool Technologies subsidiary Ultimate Power Truck, LLC UPT was in pending litigation PGC Investments, LLC, et al. v. Ultimate Power Truck, LLC , in the Circuit Court for the Sixth Judicial Circuit, Pinellas County, Florida). The litigation was a commercial landlord-tenant action wherein the Plaintiffs sought damages for nonpayment of rent arising out of a commercial lease agreement for which UPT was the tenant. The plaintiffs also named Cool Technologies as a defendant in the amended and second amended complaint. Cool Technologies moved to dismiss the second amended complaint for lack of personal jurisdiction and failure to state a cause of action. In July, the parties entered into a settlement agreement. PGC Investments, LLC also initiated an AAA arbitration proceeding against Cool Technologies seeking damages in the amount of 360,500 for breach of contract and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The parties entered into a settlement agreement in conjunction with the Pinellas County litigation. As per the settlement agreement, Cool Technologies must pay Dennis Campbell and PGC Investments 25,000 within 5 business days of the effective date (July 7, 2022), another 25,000 on or before September 30, 2022, and 50,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock on or before September 30, 2022. Within two days of the issuance of the shares, the receipt of the final payment made and confirmation of clear funds, PGC was required to file a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal with Prejudice of the Litigation and a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal with Prejudice of the Arbitration. Cool Technologies paid the initial 25,000 on July 13, 2022 and the second 25,000 on September 28, 2022. 50,000 restricted shares were issued to Dennis Campbell on September 28, 2022. On October 21, 2022, PGC Investments, LLC and Dennis Campbell filed a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal with Prejudice in the Circuit Court of the Sixth Judicial Circuit for Pinellas County. On the same date, PGC Investments also filed a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal with Prejudice with the American Arbitration Association. Because the Arbitration s final hearing was scheduled for September 22-23, 2022, the dismissal was filed after the final payment and stock issuance were made. This was in keeping with the Settlement Agreement which was conditioned upon PGC obtaining the arbitrator s approval of the terms and conditions of the settlement. From time to time, the Company may be a party to other legal proceedings. Management currently believes that the ultimate resolution of these other matters, if any, and after consideration of amounts accrued, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flow. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 24 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock was quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board from July 30, 2009, to March 26, 2010, under the symbol BIBB. Prior to September 2010, there was no active market for our common stock. Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol WARM. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices as reported on the OTCQB. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. Quarter Ended High Low March 31, 2022 0.038 0.017 June 30, 2022 0.033 0.011 September 30, 2022 0.022 0.009 December 31, 2022 0.014 0.008 March 31, 2021 0.097 0.012 June 30, 2021 0.097 0.040 September 30, 2021 0.079 0.040 December 31, 2021 0.049 0.015 The last reported sales price of our common stock on the OTCQB on April 10, 2023, was 0.0046. As of April 10, 2023, there were 211 stockholders of record of our common stock. Dividend Policy The Company has never paid dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate that it will pay dividends in the foreseeable future. It intends to use any future earnings for the expansion of its business. Any future determination of applicable dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on the results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders -- -- -- Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 8,050,000 (1) 0.98 -- ______________ (1) Represents (i) options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at 2.00 per share to Timothy Hassett; (ii) options to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock at 2.00 per share to Judson Bibb; and (iii) warrants to purchase 5,050,000 shares of common stock as set forth in Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 25 Table of Contents Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities On February 24, 2022, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 50,000 on principal of 135,000. On February 25, 2022, the Company issued 1,750,000 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 35,000 on principal of 135,000. On February 28, 2022, the Company issued 980,392 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 20,000 on principal of 135,000. On March 4, 2022, the Company issued 1,208,791 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 22,000 on principal of 135,000. On March 7, 2022, the Company issued 790,361 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd. upon final conversion of 8,000 in principal and 5,120 in interest on principal of 135,000. On March 22, 2022, the Company issued 2,447,552 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 35,000 on principal of 111,000. On March 29, 2022, the Company issued 2,447,552 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 35,000 on principal of 111,000. On April 18, 2022, the Company issued 3,798,319 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 41,000 on principal of 111,000. On May 31, 2022, the Company issued 1,652,893 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC upon conversion of 20,000 on principal of 66,750. On June 6, 2022, the Company issued 2,252,252 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC upon conversion of 25,000 on principal of 66,750. On June 15, 2022, the Company issued 2,333,654 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC upon final conversion of 21,750 on principal of 66,750. On August 8, 2022, the Company issued 2,752,294 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of 30,000 on principal of 56,000. On August 11, 2022, the Company issued 2,323,967 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon final conversion of 26,000 in principal and 2,120 in interest on principal of 56,000. On August 22, 2022, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 121,410 on principal of 825,000. On September 8, 2022, the Company issued 2,100,840 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of 25,000 on principal of 61,500. On September 12, 2022, the Company issued 3,273,950 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon final conversion of 36,500 in principal and 2,460 in interest on principal 61,500. On September 27, 2022, the Company issued 2,325,581 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of 20,000 on principal of 61,500. On September 28, 2022, the Company issued 2,625,000 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of 21,000 on principal of 61,500. On September 30, 2022, the Company issued 3,214,085 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon final conversion of 20,500 in principal and 2,320 in interest on principal of 61,500. On October 27, 2022, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 59,640 on principal of 825,000. On October 31, 2022, the Company issued 2,247,191 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC upon conversion of 20,000 on principal of 61,500. On November 4, 2022, the Company issued 2,777,778 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC upon conversion of 20,000 on principal of 61,500. On November 7, 2022, the Company issued 3,308,333 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC upon final conversion of 21,500 and interest of 2,320 on principal of 61,500. On November 21, 2022, the Company issued 4,787,324 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon final conversion of 33,000 in principal and 990 in interest on principal of 33,000. On November 25, 2022, the Company issued 3,521,127 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC upon final conversion of 25,000 on principal of 35,000. On November 30, 2022, the Company issued 1,594,366 shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC upon final conversion of 10,000 in principal and 1,320 in interest on principal of 35,000. On December 5, 2022, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments upon conversion of 68,373 on principal of 825,000. On December 28, 2022, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments upon conversion of 71,355 on principal of 825,000. None of the above issuances involved any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering and we believe were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Defaults Upon Senior Securities On March 19, 2020, the Company defaulted on a note payable. A 250,000 note was purchased on March 18, 2019. In return, the Company promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of 15 per annum on or before the one-year anniversary. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default for the note. As per the terms of the note, interest will continue to accrue at 15 per annum until paid in full. On May 1, 2020, the Company defaulted on two notes payable. A 250,000 note was purchased on September 11, 2018 and a 125,000 note was purchased on September 25, 2018 by the same accredited investor. In return, the Company promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of 15 per annum on or before the one-year anniversaries. On March 16, 2020, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity dates until April 30, 2020. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default. As per the terms of the note, interest will continue to accrue at 15 per annum until paid in full. On May 26, 2020, the Company defaulted on a Promissory Note Agreement. A 250,000 note was purchased on October 26, 2018 by an accredited investor. It received 250,000 in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of 15 per annum on or before the one-year anniversary. On October 26, 2019, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date for seven months. On November 20, 2020, they signed another amendment to the agreement in which they agreed that in the event there are any amounts outstanding under the Note on January 1, 2021, the investor shall be able to convert, any amounts outstanding under the Note into shares of common stock, at a conversion price of seventy one percent of the lowest Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) over the previous ten trading days prior to the delivery of a conversion notice. The investor subsequently converted all amounts outstanding in a series of three conversions on January 20 and 22, and February 3, 2021. Item 6. Selected Financial Data As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our Management s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include international, national and local general economic and market conditions; demographic changes and pandemics; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; raw material costs and availability; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; changes in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the Company is based upon, and should be read in conjunction with, the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Plan of Operation Cool Technologies, Inc. and subsidiary, the Company or Cool Technologies or CoolTech was incorporated in the State of Nevada in July 2002. In April 2014, CoolTech formed Ultimate Power Truck, LLC Ultimate Power Truck or UPT ), of which the Company owns 95 and a shareholder of Cool Technologies owns 5 . Cool Technologies was formerly known as Bibb Corporation, as Z3 Enterprises, and as HPEV, Inc. On August 20, 2015, the Company changed its name to Cool Technologies, Inc. 26 Table of Contents The Company s technologies are divided into two distinct but complementary categories: mobile power generation and heat dispersion technology. The Company has developed a mobile power generation system (eMGen) that enables work trucks to generate electric power by running an in-chassis generator. The eMGen system can be retrofit onto new and existing American trucks. CoolTech intends to sell the mobile electric power system to government, commercial and fleet vehicle owners. Sales are expected to occur through the direct efforts of the Company, its sales agents and its joint venture partners. CoolTech may also license the eMGen system as well. The markets targeted include consumer, agricultural, industrial, military and emergency responders, both in the U.S. and worldwide. CoolTech has also developed heat dispersion technologies based on proprietary composite heat structures and heat pipe architecture in various product platforms such as electric motors, pumps, turbines, bearings and vehicle components. In preparation, Cool Technologies filed for and received a trademark for Totally Enclosed Heat Pipe Cooled: TEHPC. When a generator is enhanced by CoolTech s patented thermal technologies, it should be able to output more power than any other generator of its size on the market. That s because third party testing has demonstrated that the cooling provided by the thermal technologies can help increase the efficiency of electric motors. Furthermore, management believes that the technologies will increase the lifespan as well as help meet regulatory emissions standards for electric motors and other heat producing equipment and components. The simplicity of the heat pipe architecture as well as the fact that it provides effective new applications for existing manufacturing processes should enhance the cost structure in several large industries including motor/generator and engine manufacturing. As of December 31, 2022, we have seven US patents, two Canadian patents, one Mexican patent, one allowed Brazilian patent and one pending US patent application covering integrated electrical power generation methods and systems. The Company intends to commercialize its patents by integrating the thermal technologies and applications with Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) partners and by licensing them to electric motor, generator, pump and vehicle component (brake, resistor, caliper) manufacturers. We believe the benefits of our mobile power generation systems are quickly realized once potential customers see it in operation. Public demonstrations of the eMGen systems began in April 2017. An inspection and performance demonstration for Mexican government officials and business leaders occurred in May 2018. Feedback from initial viewers resulted in more government officials and fruit growers coming to see the eMGen power equipment and to learn about the water purification options in March 2019. Even more officials and growers followed -- flying to St. Louis for a review in May 2019. Craftsmen Industries was selected to produce the first systems due to its engineering capabilities and extensive facilities. In January 2019, it began production on the initial vehicles and completed an initial production run vehicle two months later. While the Company awaits funding to begin continuous production, it has continued to expand its contacts with potential clients -- meeting with government agencies, emergency responders and city officials as well as military engineers and procurement specialists. Specifications for custom applications have been noted and preliminary designs drawn up. 27 Table of Contents We have not generated any revenues to date. Consequently, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to generate new orders, fulfill the existing ones, nor address all the requirements of all the interested parties. Management is pursuing various financing alternatives, based upon a third-party assessment of the historically demonstrated or contractually committed profit-earning capacities of our IP. We see this as the best path forward for non-dilutive funding. If funding is received, it will be used to support completion of the initial phases of our business plan, which is to license our thermal technologies and applications; to license or sell a mobile electric power system; and to license our submersible motor dry pit technologies and/or to bring to market our technologies and applications through key distribution and joint venture partners. While the pandemic phase of COVID-19 has receded and the virus is now considered to be endemic in the US as of this filing, the evolution of an acute and more contagious variant is possible. In such a case, it may impact demand for our products and may again hamper our efforts to provide our investors with timely information and comply with our filing obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Real GDP growth, inflation, employment levels, oil prices, interest rates, tax rates, availability of customer financing, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and other macroeconomic trends can adversely affect demand for the products that we offer. Geopolitical issues around the world and how our markets are positioned can also impact macroeconomic conditions and could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. Significant Developments Amendment of Series B Preferred Stock On October 31, 2016, the Company filed an amended and restated Series B Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (which was originally filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 19, 2016 and amended on August 12, 2016) to designate 3,636,360 shares as Series B Preferred Stock and to provide for supermajority 66 2/3 voting rights for the Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock will not bear dividends, will not be entitled to receive any distributions in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, and will have no other preferences, rights, restrictions, or qualifications, except as otherwise provided by law or the articles of incorporation of the Company. The holders of Class B Stock shall have the right, at such holder s option, at any time to convert such shares into common stock, in a conversion ratio of one share of common stock for each share of Class B Stock. If the common stock trades or is quoted at a price per share in excess of 2.25 for any twenty consecutive day trading period, (subject to appropriate adjustment for forward or reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like), the Series B Stock will automatically be convertible into the common stock in a conversion ratio of one share of common stock for each share of Series B Stock. The Series B Stock may not be sold, hypothecated, transferred, assigned or disposed without the prior written consent of the Company and the holders of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock. 28 Table of Contents Craftsmen Industries, Inc. As a consequence of the first public demonstration of the eMGen 30 kilovolt amp kVA system at the North America International Auto Show in Detroit in January 2017, the Company entered into an agreement in principle, dated February 21, 2017, with Craftsmen Industries, Inc.( Craftsmen ), a company engaged in the design, engineering and production of mobile marketing vehicles, experiential marketing platforms and industrial mobile solutions. On April 25, 2017, we delivered to Craftsmen Industries, a Class III Vehicle (Ford F-350 dually) up-fitted with a production-ready eMGen 30 kVA (single phase/three phase) system. Subsequently, Craftsmen invited the Company to demonstrate its mobile generation technology and the potential benefits for Craftsmen products at Craftsmen s 35 th Anniversary Party on April 27, 2017. Over one hundred current and prospective Craftsmen customers were in the audience for the demonstrations. Craftsmen recently signed a manufacturing contract with Translux-Fair Play. Translux Hazelwood, Missouri facility encompasses over 45,000 square feet of manufacturing space and offers extensive laser cutting and metal bending machinery. The contract significantly enhances Craftsmen s capabilities to produce boxes and control panels for the eMGen Systems and the vehicles they re upfitted to, but also all the eMGen s optional tasks and capabilities, including welding, water purification and solar power. Not only will basic production be optimized and improved, but control panels and displays should be upgraded. CoolTech is expected to benefit from Translux electronics expertise which has been refined through their years of manufacturing digital scoring panels for sporting arenas and ball parks. Aon Risk Services Central, Inc and Lee and Hayes, PLLC On January 18, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with Aon Risk Services Central, Inc. and Lee and Hayes, PLLC, through its operating unit, 601West, which provides intellectual property IP analytics, to assess the value of the Company s IP. As set forth in the agreement, the assessment will be founded on historically demonstrated or contractually committed profit-earning capacities of our IP and may be used to obtain financing, including but not limited to, non-dilutive financing. Since then, significant progress has been achieved, although at a pace much slower than anticipated. Live eMGen 80 Demonstration in Fort Collins, Colorado On May 4, 2018, nine representatives from Mexico s farming, banking, and government sectors flew to Fort Collins, Colorado for a live demonstration of CoolTech s generator-equipped truck. The demonstration showcased the capabilities and ease of operation of the system. The Company demonstrated how an operator is able to control the generator from the comfort and safety of the truck s cab using a Panasonic Toughpad. The Company also used the electricity from the truck to power a screw compressor, an industrial fan, and an industrial load bank. Additional capabilities, such as purifying water and using batteries and solar power to make operations more sustainable and environmentally friendly were discussed with the attendees. A representative from one of the Mexican farming producers unions approved the generator-equipped truck. CoolTech plans to put this into production as soon as final funding is secured. Purchase and Delivery of Truck to Craftsman Industries On July 15, 2018, the Company purchased a Ford F-450 Chassis Cab Truck. Subsequently, a metal flatbed was manufactured and installed. The truck was delivered to Craftsmen on September 15, 2018. It will be used for the installation and refinement of the eMGen 80 kVA system. A second F-450 will be used for the eMGen 125 kVA system. 29 Table of Contents Order of Parts and Components As of September 2021, the Company has acquired enough parts and components to build 5 eMGen 80s and 2 eMGen 125s. It is currently procuring two mobile water purification systems and components for mobile electric vehicle charging systems. In addition, the Company has purchased another Ford F-450 and is seeking to acquire more F-450s and 550s for use in demonstrations of the capabilities noted above and for initial order fulfillment. Unveiling of Initial Production Run Vehicle On March 27, 2019, the Company unveiled the initial production run of its mobile power generation (eMGen) work trucks for inspection by an audience of agricultural and community leaders from Latin America at Craftsmen Industries. The itinerary for the showcase event included a tour of the St. Louis manufacturing facility and inspection of the first production-run eMGen vehicle in operation as it powered a variety of equipment. The purpose of the viewing was not only to show the truck s capabilities but to get feedback from the attendees. Mexico s population is expected to grow from 129 million to nearly 150 million by 2050. As a result, energy and water demand should increase significantly. Increased water demand for both human consumption and agricultural production, along with lagging water management practices have resulted in a rapid depletion of water reserves in Mexico, particularly in Northern Mexico. The forecast of high temperatures in the summer combined with a developing La Nina weather pattern could prolong an existing drought and spread water shortages. According to an article in the NYTimes (https://tinyurl.com/2n76rjy7), Mexico s National Water Commission (CONAGUA) determined that in July 2022, eight of Mexico s 32 states were experiencing extreme to moderate drought, resulting in 1,546 of the country s 2,463 municipalities confronting water shortages, By mid-July, about 48 percent of Mexico s territory was suffering drought, according to the commission, compared with about 28 percent of the country s territory during the same period last year. In June of 2021, 77 of Mexico s 210 principal water reservoirs were below 25 capacity. For the region encompassing Western North America, this period is now the driest two decades in 1,200 years. With reservoirs drying and groundwater levels declining, water is at a premium. In many locations, sewage water is reused for irrigation. Water treatment is scarce and pollution regulations are rarely enforced. As long as investment in wastewater treatment lags behind population growth, large numbers of consumers eating raw produce face heightened threats to food safety from diseases such as salmonella, E Coli and roundworm. Add unchecked or minimally treated industrial pollution and unusually large numbers of cases of cancer and kidney problems have been documented in consumers living near polluted waterways. While access to electricity is high across the nation, in rural areas, power can be sporadic or even non-existent. Many communities, particularly in regions populated by indigenous people, are still not connected to the grid. They rely on diesel generators to light homes and draw water from shrinking aquifers. 30 Table of Contents Interest from Mexican authorities is high in the eMGen systems as they seek to mitigate the effects of drought and guarantee access to drinking water as well as provide a consistent source of electricity and mobile medical services for underserved populations. Through the efforts of its representatives in the country, the Company has been in contact with and in some cases made presentations to the national water commission (CONAQUA) as well as cabinet secretaries, senators, representatives and deputies at the federal level; to governors, legislators, commissioners and municipal presidents at the state level and mayors and county and local politicians in cities and towns beset by energy and water problems. Private entities such as distilleries, fruit growers, cattle rancher s associations and mining companies have also requested information. Conversations are ongoing and interested politicians are helping to promote, coordinate and refine the Company s approach to secure funding for pilot programs, full-blown projects and purchases of eMGen systems and vehicles. Mexican Government On May 13, 2019, government officials and fruit growers were at Craftsmen Industries in St. Louis for a review of a first-run eMGen 80 production vehicle and water purification/desalination options. Among the politicians in attendance was Congressman Efra n Rocha Vega who is Secretary of the Commission of Development and Rural, Agricultural and Food Self-sufficiency Conservation, a member of the commission of Livestock and the commission of Environment, Sustainability, Climate Change and Natural Resources. Subsequent to the event, in an official Congressional Letter of Support, dated May 20, 2019, Congressman Rocha wrote: The successful demonstration of these technologies further strengthens the Mexican Government s support of Mexican entities that desire to purchase CoolTech products, as well as affirms our position to provide financial assistance to such entities. The letter can be viewed in its entirety at: http://www.cooltechnologiesinc.com/content/pdf/MexicanLegislationandFinancialAssistanceLetter.pdf. Introduction of new options During the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company has introduced new options, which include an eMGen System that generates up to 200 kVA of electric power, water purification and desalination systems. The Company s mobile electric generation system eMGen offers optional 30 to 125 kVA water purification and desalination units capable of producing 2,800 to 14,000 gallons of potable water per day. Assuming the average person needs 2 liters per day, 10,000 gallons is enough for 26,498 people. If delivery is required, an eMGen truck can also tow a water tanker. The truck-mounted units cleanse contaminated, polluted wastewater or remove saline from saltwater. Submerge the input pipe into any water source. Chemicals, particulates, salts, heavy metals, bacteria, viruses and other impurities are removed. Six levels of water purification output a range of water qualities from clean potable water for drinking and cooking to to-potable water for agricultural or other commercial and emergency usage. The eMGen systems as well as the purification and desalinization units feature fully automated controls and monitoring. A Panasonic Toughpad tablet provides a rugged touchscreen interface for operation from the truck cab or anywhere within a 300-foot radius. When outfitted with the optional telematics package, the systems can be remotely controlled and monitored from distant locations. The next generation of eMGens will include a solar-powered generator system with a built-in water purification unit that makes seawater desalination sustainable. The system pumps and purifies up to 4,500 gallons of potable water per day. It can be set up and operated anywhere a four-wheel drive vehicle can go. Once the batteries are drained, the systems shift to fuel power for 24-hour operation. The solar panels collapse and fold, so the entire system fits easily in the bed of a work truck. 31 Table of Contents Rugged, reliable and versatile, the eMGen trucks are designed to operate in extreme environments. A variety of capabilities handle a variety of needs including: agriculture, municipalities, mining, emergency response, and disaster relief. The applications for hurricanes, floods, earthquakes and other natural disasters are obvious, others less so. Here are a few common yet relatively unknown problems the system and units address: In poorly served or third-world countries, irregular power service prevents farmers from irrigating on a regular schedule which reduces the size of the harvest. In areas where water tables are dropping, powerful pumps are required to pull water up from deep underground. A mobile pump is far more cost-effective than permanent ones positioned out in the fields. Use of polluted irrigation water stunts crops and restricts sales which limits farmers incomes. Over-pumping of aquifers enables saltwater intrusion to contaminate coastal water supplies. Water must either be pumped and transported from further away or very expensive desalination plants must be built to remove the salt. The plants can take years to build. Consider the Texas Freeze in February of 2021. Power failures at water treatment plants necessitated boil water orders. Burst pipes and dripping faucets dropped water reserves to dangerously low levels. More than 800 public water systems serving 162 of the state s 254 counties were disrupted. Over 13 million people were left without safe drinking water. The town of Kyle almost went dry. Cities opened water distribution sites, water was trucked in to flush toilets, homeowners melted icicles and snow for drinking water, medical workers resorted to using bottled water for chemotherapy treatments. KeyOptions On May 30, 2019, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement JV with KeyOptions Pty Ltd., a privately held technology and security provider based in Victoria, Australia. KeyOptions develops and markets products for governments, defense contractors and other commercial applications to counter security and cyber threats. The Company will provide a license for the JV to market and sell CoolTech s entire product platform in Australia and neighboring countries in Southeast Asia. New Strategic Alliance: On December 16, 2019, the Company signed a cross-marketing and licensing agreement with VerdeWatts, LLC., an energy generation and storage company encompassing everything from mobile solar power generation systems to large-scale biogas turbine installations. Pursuant to the agreement VerdeWatts and the Company each granted the other a royalty-free non-exclusive license to certain patents which license is subject to certain future negotiation. Like CoolTech s mobile power generation systems eMGen ), VerdeWatts products are scalable and offer the ability to bring power nearly anywhere it is needed. Their proprietary Smart Solar Power Generation Units and energy storage systems combine to deliver sustainable power long after the sun has set. 32 Table of Contents The agreement with VerdeWatts also included a cross-marketing and royalty-free non-exclusive licensing agreement with FirmGreen, Inc., a water treatment facilities developer that works closely with VerdeWatts to create a suite of synergistic products that address significant needs in the global marketplace. FirmGreen specializes in water purification and desalination technologies. Their mobile, solar and container applications feature 6 levels of water purification for unrivaled drinkability. Pursuant to the agreement FirmGreen and the Company each granted the other a royalty-free non-exclusive license to certain patents which license is subject to certain future negotiations. CoolTech s eMGen platform makes the companies product offerings complete with mobile power generation. It provides the capability to power everything from irrigation for farms and water purification for rural areas to electric vehicle charging and fast charging in the urban ones. Consider the solar-powered generator system with a built-in water purification unit that makes seawater desalination sustainable. The system pumps and purifies up to 3,000 gallons per day and interfaces with CoolTech s eMGen system for 24-hour operation. The solar panels collapse and fold together, so the entire system fits easily in the bed of a work truck. It can be set up and operate anywhere a four-wheel drive vehicle can reach. All of these systems are patent-protected and cross-licensed to each of the three companies. FirmGreen and VerdeWatts have a global presence with projects on three continents. The largest encompasses the installation of 14 natural gas generators to produce over 60 megawatts (MW) of power. The generators will be integrated with 50-megawatt hours of battery storage and another 6 MW of solar to ensure a consistent flow of power. VerdeWatts intend to replace most of the legacy on-site generators with CoolTech s eMGen systems, however, the Company has not received any orders and there cannot be any assurance that any orders will be placed. Together the companies can create an energy or utility ecosystem that can enable less developed countries to leapfrog non-existent, inadequate or failing infrastructure to deliver reliable power and water quickly, sustainably and cost-effectively to their citizens, agriculture and other businesses. The scale and impact can reach from individual farms and villages to cities and regions. In fact, by combining their respective technologies: energy generation, energy storage and load management controls into a single suite of products, the companies create what is called a microgrid . Varying combinations of energy sources such as solar, wind, biogas and eMGen systems both backup and supplement one another to provide consistent, uninterrupted primary power even during severe weather or other emergencies. The synergies between the companies extend beyond water purification and power generation. VerdeWatts wind and gas turbines and generators which produce electric power can all be improved by CoolTech s thermal reduction technologies. Request for Collaboration Sent to US Government Officials On December 11, 2019, letters signed by thirteen government officials and Congressmen in Mexico were mailed to their counterparts in the US, specifically Governor Gavin Newsom, Secretary Rick Perry, Secretary Wilbur Ross, Senator Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi. The letters were a request for collaborative support between the two countries to accelerate CoolTech s product deployment into Mexico to help solve urgent rural power and water purification problems that are hurting rural communities. Those problems include irregular and faulty power in rural areas which hinders crop irrigation and water pollution which affects crops farmed for sale to the US. The letters also detail the Mexican officials satisfaction with CoolTech s solutions and management team and that they have met with the Company on several occasions for product demonstrations as well as strategic and technical advice. They highlight the benefits of CoolTech products, how they could quickly and efficiently address the problems noted, and how they expect them to become a viable part of the country s infrastructure. Export Import Bank of the United States With the help of VerdeWatts and FirmGreen, CoolTech has initiated a relationship with the Export-Import Bank of the United States (EXIM), a U.S. government agency whose sole mission is to support U.S. exports. The bank fulfills its mission by offering very cost-effective financing for international customers and project developers to purchase U.S.-made services and purchase or lease U.S.-made goods. 33 Table of Contents To that end, the two companies applied to finance the Mexican projects referenced above. CoolTech also sent product information for due diligence review by the technical team at EXIM bank. Subsequently, CoolTech has received a Letter of Interest from EXIM, however, there cannot be any assurance that EXIM will provide any funding to the Company. New Sales Agent In January 2021, the Company terminated its independent agent agreement with Gaia Energy of Gdansk, Poland. On January 26, 2021, the Company signed an independent agent agreement with H K Ventures, LLC of Morganhill, California. H K will act as the Company s independent agent. The principals of H K were also part of Gaia Energy. Consequently, the agreement and the expertise provided by H K are essentially the same. H K will concentrate on developing markets in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The agreement describes the agent s duties as generating revenue, and investment funding, for the Company from various organizations including investment funds, end-users, channel partners, integrators, and OEMs. To that end, H K has requested quotes from the Company for eMGen 200 to 300 kVA systems with mobile water desalination capabilities of up to 900,000 gallons per day. Team members of H K Ventures include executives with more than twenty-five years experience with Panasonic, Ford Motor Company, Electronic Data Systems and the US Air Force in the fields of advanced technologies and an African diplomat with a thirty-year background working with and for diplomatic missions, non-governmental organizations and international disasters and aid management services. The former has joined the Company s advisory board while the diplomat introduced CoolTech products at a recent African technical summit attended by representatives from 54 countries. Order and Delivery of Water Units and Charger Over the past six months, the Company has ordered two reverse osmosis water purification units and an electric vehicle charger. In May of 2021, the Company ordered a reverse osmosis system capable of treating 4,500 gallons of brackish water per day. That was followed by a 100 kW, mode 4 DC, electric vehicle charger capable of simultaneous charging and dynamic load distribution. The Company ordered a second reverse osmosis system capable of treating 4,500 gallons of brackish water per day in July of 2021. A reverse osmosis system and an electric vehicle charger were delivered to Craftsmen Industries for installation in the beds of the test vehicles referenced in Note 3. The Company is awaiting the delivery of the second reverse osmosis system. Going Concern As a result of our financial condition, we have received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm for our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 that includes an explanatory paragraph describing the uncertainty as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we have not commenced full operations, raising substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to generate revenue, achieve profitable operations and repay our obligations when they come due. As of December 31, 2022, we have 142 in cash and we owe 1,231,272 for convertible notes, 1,362,050 for promissory notes and currently have another 1,078,500 in promissory notes in default. We are pursuing various financing alternatives to address the payment of outstanding debt and to support the sales, component acquisition and assembly of our mobile power generation systems as well as the completion of the secondary elements of our business plan: to license its thermal technologies and applications, including submersible dry-pit applications. There can be no assurance, however, that we will obtain adequate funding or that we will be successful in accomplishing any of our objectives. Consequently, we may not be able to continue as an operating company. 34 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, consolidated statements of operations data. The table and the discussion below should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this report. Year ended on December 31, 2022 2021 Change Revenues -- -- N/A N/A Cost of Revenues -- -- N/A N/A Gross Profit -- -- N/A N/A Operating expenses Payroll and related expenses 351,641 345,573 6,068 1.8 Consulting 470,645 467,241 3,404 0.7 Professional fees 204,430 254,793 (50,363 (19.8 Research and development 19,854 19,853 1 0.0 General and administrative 149,194 87,064 62,130 71.4 Total operating expenses 1,195,764 1,174,524 21,240 1.8 Interest expense, net (726,028 (1,675,726 949,698 (56.7 Change in fair value of the derivative liability (90,770 (648,506 557,736 (86.0 Gain on settlement of debt 168,771 52,963 115,808 218.7 Net loss (1,843,791 (3,445,793 1,602,002 (46.5 Less: Non-controlling interest 168 (745 913 (122.6 Net loss to shareholders (1,843,623 (3,445,048 1,601,425 (46.5 Revenues During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, and since inception, we have not generated any revenues. We generated our first Mobile Generation order during the quarter that ended June 30, 2014 and received a partial deposit in advance of completing the sale with companies controlled by the individual who is a 5 owner of UPT and a shareholder of our Company. The order is in the production queue. Operating Expenses Operating expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to increases in consulting costs, payroll and related expenses as well as general and administrative. During the year ended December 31, 2022, payroll and related expenses increased by 6,068 due to an increase in accrued payroll taxes. 35 Table of Contents Consulting expenses increased from 467,241 in 2021 to 470,645 in 2022 which was in line with the increase in macroeconomic conditions. Professional fees decreased from 254,793 in 2021 to 204,430 in 2022. The decrease reflects elimination of legal fees after the settlement of the Company s eviction complaint and arbitration proceeding in October. Research and development expenses essentially remained the same in 2021 and 2022 as the Company maintained its focus on the commercialization of the eMGen System. General and administrative expenses increased from 87,064 in 2021 to 149,194 in 2022 due to an inventory adjustment and the attendant adjustment in miscellaneous office expense, transfer agents fees associated with the substantial amount of debt converted (noted below), the purchases of new computer equipment and the completion of the first full year of health insurance provided by the company. Other Income and Expense Interest expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related primarily to our debt. The change in fair value of derivative liability reflects the change in fair value of the conversion features embedded in the convertible debt agreements entered into in July, August, September, October and December 2022. Interest expense decreased during the year ended December 31 from 1,675,726 in 2021 to 726,028 in 2022 due to the substantial amount of debt converted in 2022. Net Loss and Noncontrolling Interest Since we have incurred losses since inception, we have not recorded any income tax expense or benefit. Accordingly, our net loss is driven by our operating and other expenses. Noncontrolling interest represents the 5 third-party ownership in UPT, which is subtracted to calculate net loss to shareholders. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have historically met our liquidity requirements primarily through the public sale and private placement of equity securities, debt financing, and exchanging common stock warrants and options for professional and consulting services. On December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 142. Working capital is the amount by which current assets exceed current liabilities. We had negative working capital of 7,792,632 and 7,370,524 on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The increase in negative working capital was due to increases in accounts payable, accrued interest payable, and accrued payroll. To that end, we owe approximately 1,232,872 for convertible notes that mature in the next nine months and we owe another 1,362,050 in notes payable and currently have another 1,078,500 in promissory notes in default. Based on its current forecast and budget, management believes that its cash resources will not be sufficient to fund its operations through the end of the second quarter. Unless the Company can generate sufficient revenue from the execution of the Company s business plan, it will need to obtain additional capital to continue to fund the Company s operations. There is no assurance that capital in any form would be available to us, and if available, on terms and conditions that are acceptable. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funds, we may be forced to curtail and/or cease operations . February Convertible Note -- On February 25, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with an accredited investor. It issued 2,000,000 inducement shares of restricted common stock and received 150,000 after an original issue discount of 15,000 in lieu of interest. The total amount of 165,000 plus 3 interest or 4,950 will be due on November 25, 2021. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a fixed price of 0.025 per share. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 25 and a daily penalty of 100 will accrue until the default is remedied. On November 22, 2021, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until March 31, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2022. On April 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 30, 2022. On May 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until August 30, 2022. On August 30, 2022 the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until November 30, 2022. On November 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 169,950. March Convertible Note -- On March 24, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with an accredited investor. It issued two sets of commitment shares: a block of 500,000 and a block of 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock as well as warrants to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per share. In return, the Company received 250,000 after an original issue discount of 25,000 in lieu of interest. The total amount of 275,000 plus 8 interest or 22,000 will be due on December 24, 2021. After 60 days, if the note has not been paid in full, the investor will have the right to purchase up to 6 million additional warrant shares. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a fixed price of 0.055 per share. If the note is repaid by the maturity date, the investor will forfeit the block of 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock and the shares will be returned to the Company s treasury. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 25 and a daily penalty of 1,000 will accrue until the default is remedied. On December 21, 2021, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until March 31, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2022. On April 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 30, 2022. On May 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until August 30, 2022. On August 30, 2022 the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until November 30, 2022. On November 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 297,000. March Convertible Note -- On March 24, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with an accredited investor. It issued two sets of commitment shares: a block of 500,000 and a block of 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock as well as warrants to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per share. In return, the Company received 750,000 after an original issue discount of 75,000 in lieu of interest. The total amount of 825,000 plus 8 interest or 66,000 will be due on December 24, 2021. After 60 days, if the note has not been paid in full, the investor will have the right to purchase up to 2 million additional warrant shares. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a fixed price of 0.055 per share. If the note is repaid by the maturity date, the investor will forfeit the block of 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock and the shares will be returned to the Company s treasury. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 25 and a daily penalty of 1,000 will accrue until the default is remedied. On December 21, 2021, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until March 31, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2022. On April 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 30, 2022. On May 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until August 30, 2022. On August 22, 2022, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 121,410. On August 30, 2022 the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until November 30, 2022. On October 27, 2022, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 59,640. On November 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 1, 2023. On December 5, 2022, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 68,373. On December 28, 2022, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 71,355. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 570,222. August Convertible Note On August 16, 2021, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 125,000 after an original issue discount of 7,000 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 135,000 will be due on August 16, 2022. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. On February 24, 2022, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 50,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 85,000. On February 25, 2022, the Company issued 1,750,000 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 35,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 50,000. On February 28, 2022, the Company issued 980,392 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 20,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 30,000. On March 4, 2022, the Company issued 1,208,791 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 22,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 8,000. On March 7, 2022, the Company issued 790,361 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd. upon final conversion of 8,000 in principal and 5,120 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. September Convertible Note -- On September 21, 2021, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 102,000 after an original issue discount of 6,000 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 111,000 will be due on September 21, 2022. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. On March 22, 2022, the Company issued 2,447,552 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 35,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 76,000. On March 29, 2022, the Company issued 2,447,552 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 35,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 41,000. On April 18, 2022, the Company issued 3,798,319 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon final conversion of 41,000 in principal and 4,200 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. November Convertible Note -- On November 22, 2021, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 60,000 after an original issue discount of 3,750 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 66,750 will be due on November 22, 2022. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. On May 31, 2022, the Company issued 1,652,893 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 20,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 46,750. On June 6, 2022, the Company issued 2,252,252 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 25,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 21,750. On June 15, 2022, the Company issued 2,233,654 shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon final conversion of 21,750 in principal and 2,520 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. 36 Table of Contents December Convertible Note -- On December 20, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 33,000 after an original issue discount of 3,000 in lieu of interest. The total amount of 33,000 plus 3 interest or 990 will be due on September 20, 2022. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a fixed price of 0.02 per share. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 25 and a daily penalty of 100 will accrue until the default is remedied. On August 30, 2022 the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until November 30, 2022. On November 22, 2022, the Company issued 4,787,324 shares of common stock to LGH Investments LLC upon final conversion of 33,000 in principal and 990 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. February Convertible Note -- On February 1, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 50,000 after an original issue discount of 3,000 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 56,000 will be due on February 1, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. On August 8, 2022, the Company issued 2,752,294 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of 30,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 26,000. On August 11, 2022, the Company issued 2,323,967 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of 26,000 in principal and 2,120 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. March Convertible Note -- On March 4, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 55,000 after an original issue discount of 3,500 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 61,500 will be due on March 4, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. On September 8, 2022, the Company issued 2,100,840 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of 25,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 36,500. On September 12, 2022, the Company issued 3,273,950 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of 36,500 in principal and 2,460 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. March Convertible Note -- On March 21, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 55,000 after an original issue discount of 3,500 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 61,500 will be due on March 21, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. On September 27, 2022, the Company issued 2,325,581 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of 20,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 41,500. On September 28, 2022, the Company issued 2,625,000 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of 21,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 20,500. On September 30, 2022, the Company issued 3,214,085 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of 20,500 in principal and 2,320 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. April Convertible Note -- On April 25, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 55,000 after an original issue discount of 3,500 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 61,500 will be due on April 25, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. . On October 31, 2022, the Company issued 2,247,191 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of 20,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 41,500. On November 4, 2022, the Company issued 2,777,778 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of 20,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 20,500. On November 7, 2022, the Company issued 3,308,333 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of 21,500 in principal and 2,320 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. May Convertible Note -- On May 23, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 30,000 after an original issue discount of 2,000 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 35,000 will be due on May 23, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. On November 25, 2022, the Company issued 3,521,127 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of 25,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of 10,000. On November 30, 2022, the Company issued 1,594,366 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of 10,000 in principal and 1,320 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. July Convertible Note -- On July 22, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 30,000 after an original issue discount of 3,200 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 56,200 will be due on July 22, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 56,200. August Convertible Note -- On August 18, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 40,000 after an original issue discount of 2,600 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 45,600 will be due on August 18, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 45,600. September Convertible Note -- On September 21, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 60,000 after an original issue discount of 3,750 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 66,750 will be due on September 21, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 66,750. October Convertible Note -- On October 24, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 40,000 after an original issue discount of 2,600 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 45,600 will be due on October 24, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 45,600. October Convertible Note -- On October 31, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 20,000 after an original issue discount of 2,000. The total amount of 22,000 will be due on July 31, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 25 and a daily pen penalty of 100 will accrue until the default is remedied. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 22,000. December Convertible Note -- On December 8, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 45,000 after an original issue discount of 2,900 and reimbursement of 3,000 to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of 50,900 will be due on December 8, 2023. After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will increase by 50 and the interest rate will increase to 22 until the default is remedied. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 50,900. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. Cash Flows Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities were as follows: Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (620,594 (1,646,746 Net cash used in investing activities (34,015 (27,896 Net cash provided by financing activities 582,360 1,747,000 Net cash from operating activities increased due to increases in non-cash interest expense, in fair value of derivative liability and in accrued payroll taxes. Our investing activity increased due to an increase in expenditure for intangible assets, which relates to the development of patents. Net cash provided by financing activities increased due to an increase in proceeds of debt or debt borrowings. The Company s capital requirements for the next 12 months will consist of 3.8 million with anticipated expenses of 1.8 million for salaries, public company filings, and consultants and professional fees. An additional 2.0 million in working capital is expected to be needed for inventory and related costs for production of our mobile power generation systems as well as development and commercialization of our thermal dispersion technology applications. Management believes the Company s funds are insufficient to provide for its projected needs for operations for the next 12 months. The Company is currently negotiating additional non-dilutive funding to support product development or for other purposes. In the event that the negotiations fail, the Company may have to rely on equity or debt financing that may involve substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. If it is unable to close additional equity financing, the Company may have to cease operations. 37 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the amounts of revenues and expenses. Critical accounting policies are those that require the application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. In applying these critical accounting policies, our management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in making certain estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We define critical accounting policies as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and which may potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. In applying these critical accounting policies, our management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in making certain estimates. These estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Impairment of long-lived assets When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of revenues and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. These estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount, we recognize an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized, if any, is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds the fair value. We may use a variety of methods to determine the fair value of these assets, including discounted cash flow models, which are consistent with the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to an impairment charge in the future. Derivative financial instruments When we issue debt that contains a conversion feature, we first evaluate whether the conversion feature meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative: a) one or more underlying, typically the price of the Company s stock; b) one or more notional amounts or payment provisions or both, generally the number of shares upon conversion; c) no initial net investment, which typically excludes the amount borrowed; and d) net settlement provisions, which in the case of convertible debt generally means the stock received upon conversion can be readily sold for cash. There are certain scope exceptions from derivative treatment, but these typically exclude conversion features that provide for a variable number of shares. When we issue warrants to purchase our common stock, we must evaluate whether they meet the requirements to be treated as a derivative. Generally, warrants would be treated as a derivative if the provisions of the warrant agreement create uncertainty as to a) the number of shares to be issued upon exercise; or b) whether shares may be issued upon exercise. If the conversion feature within convertible debt or warrants meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative, we estimate the fair value of the derivative liability using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model upon the date of issuance. If the fair value of the derivative liability is higher than the face value of the convertible debt, the excess is immediately recognized as interest expense. Otherwise, the fair value of the derivative liability is recorded as a liability with an offsetting amount recorded as a debt discount, which offsets the carrying amount of the debt. The derivative liability is revalued at the end of each reporting period and any change in fair value is recorded as a change in fair value in the consolidated statement of operations. The debt discount is amortized through interest expense over the life of the debt. Derivative instrument liabilities and the host debt agreement are classified on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within twelve months of the balance sheet date. 38 Table of Contents The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the embedded conversion option and warrants at their fair values as of the inception date of the agreement and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense for each reporting period at each balance sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified as of the date of the event that caused the reclassification. As a result of entering into warrant agreements, for which such instruments contained a variable conversion feature with no floor, the Company has adopted a sequencing policy in accordance with ASC 815-40-35-12 whereby all future instruments may be classified as a derivative liability with the exception of instruments related to share-based compensation issued to employees or directors. Contingent liabilities We accrue a loss for contingencies if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred, and when the amount of loss can be reasonably estimable. When no accrual is made because one or both conditions do not exist, we disclose the contingency if there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred. We estimate contingent liabilities based on the best information we have available at the time. If we have a range of outcomes, we accrue the low end of the range. Share-based Payments All our share-based awards are classified as equity, as they may only be settled in shares of our common stock. We recognize expense for fully-vested warrants at the time they are granted. For awards with service or performance conditions, we generally recognize expense when the service is complete; however, there may be circumstances in which we determine that the performance condition is probable before the actual performance condition is achieved. In such circumstances, the amount recognized as expense is the pro rata amount, depending on the estimated progress towards completion of the performance condition. Nonemployee share-based payments are measured at fair value, based on either the fair value of the equity instrument issued or on the fair value of the services received. Typically, it is not practical to value the services received, so we determine the fair value of common stock grants based on the price of the common stock on the measurement date, and the fair value of common stock warrants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model Black-Scholes ). We use historical data to estimate the expected price volatility, the expected stock option life and expected forfeiture rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the estimated life of the stock option. For awards that are recognized when a performance condition is probable, the fair value is estimated at each reporting date. The cost recognized is the fair value of the equity award on the date the performance condition is achieved. Accordingly, the expense recognized may change between interim reporting dates and the date the performance condition is achieved. We issue two types of common stock options to employees: 1) fully-vested at the time of grant and 2) market price-based vesting. We recognize expense for fully-vested stock options on the date of grant at the estimated fair value of the options using Black-Scholes. We recognize expense for market price-based options at the estimated fair value of the options using the lattice-based option valuation model Lattice Model over the estimated life of the options used in the Lattice Model. We use historical data to estimate the expected price volatility, the expected stock option life and expected forfeiture rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the estimated life of the stock option. In the event, we modify the terms of a non-vested share-based payment award, we would incur additional expense for the excess of the fair value of the modified share-based payment award over the fair value of the original share-based payment award. The incremental expense would be recognized ratably over the remaining vesting period. Income taxes We recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the income tax and financial reporting carrying amount of our assets and liabilities. We monitor our deferred tax assets and evaluate the need for a valuation allowance based on the estimate of the amount of such deferred tax assets that we believe do not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition criteria. We also evaluate whether we have any uncertain tax positions and would record a reserve if we believe it is more-likely-than-not our position would not prevail with the applicable tax authorities. We have significant net operating loss carryforwards, for which we have established a valuation allowance. If our estimate of the amount of such deferred tax assets change, we may recognize a benefit in the future. UPT is a limited liability company LLC ), which is treated as a partnership for income tax purposes, where all tax obligations flow through to the owners of the LLC during the period in which income taxes were incurred. 39 Table of Contents Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , PA - PCAOB ID F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 40 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cool Technologies, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cool Technologies, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1, the Company has incurred net losses and negative cash flow from operations since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plans raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. F-1 Table of Contents Derivatives As described in Note 1 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, when the Company issues debt that contains a conversion feature and/or warrants to purchase common stock, it first evaluates whether the conversion feature meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative. If the conversion feature within convertible debt meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative, the Company estimates and records the fair value of the derivative liability using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model upon the date of issuance. The derivative liability is revalued at the end of each reporting period. We identified the Company s application of the accounting for convertible notes and warrants as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: We obtained debt and warrant related agreements and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed agreements for all relevant terms. - Tested management s identification and treatment of agreement terms. - Recalculated management s fair value of each conversion feature based on the terms in the agreements. - Assessed the terms and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of the amortization of the debt discount. - Used an auditor specialist to calculate the fair value of the derivative liability using the Monte Carlo method to determine whether the derivative liability recorded by the Company was reasonable. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets As described in Note 1 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of revenues and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. If the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds fair value. We identified the Company s application of impairment of long-lived assets as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: We obtained management s impairment analysis on the intangibles and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed the analysis. - Tested supporting documentation related to management s conclusion that the expected future cash flows is greater than the carrying value. - Assessed the assumptions used by management and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination that no impairment exists. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. April 17, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents Cool Technologies, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Inventory Prepaid expenses Total current assets Intangibles Equipment, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued Interest Payable Accrued liabilities related party Customer deposits related party Accrued payroll Debt, current portion, net Derivative liability Total current liabilities Debt, long-term portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock Series A, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding. Preferred stock Series B, par value; shares authorized: issued and outstanding. Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Additional paid-in capital Common stock issuable Common stock held in escrow Accumulated deficit Non-controlling interest Total stockholders deficit Total liabilities and stockholders deficit See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Cool Technologies, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Payroll and related expenses Consulting Professional fees Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss Other income and (expense) Interest expense, net Change in fair value of derivative liability Gain on settlement of debt Net loss Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to Cool Technologies, Inc. Net loss per common share: Basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F-4 Table of Contents Cool Technologies, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit Years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 Additional Common Common Stock Non- Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Stock Held in Accumulated Controlling Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Issuable Escrow Deficit Interest Total Balance at December 31, 2020 Sale of common shares Stock issued with debt Stock issued for services Warrants issued with debt Debt converted Warrants exercised Warrants issued for services Net loss Noncontrolling interest Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Stock issued with debt Debt converted Net Loss Noncontrolling interest Balance at December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F-5 Table of Contents Cool Technologies, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating Activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock issued for services Warrants issued for services (Gain) Loss on extinguishment of debt Non-cash interest expense Change in fair value of derivative liability Amortization of debt discount Gain on settlement Forgiveness of PPP loan Depreciation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventory Prepaid expenses Accounts payable Accrued Interest Payable Accrued liabilities related party Accrued payroll Net cash used in operating activities Investing Activities: Expenditure for Intangible assets Net cash used in investing activities Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of common stock Proceeds from debt Payments on debt Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash transactions: Derivative liability due to issuance of debt Debt and interest settled for common stock Stock and warrants issued with debt See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents Cool Technologies, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and a shareholder of Cool Technologies owns . Cool Technologies was formerly known as Bibb Corporation, as Z3 Enterprises, and as HPEV, Inc. On August 20, 2015, the Company changed its name to Cool Technologies, Inc. The Company s technologies can be divided into two distinct but complementary categories: a) mobile power generation and b) heat dispersion technology. The Company has developed and is commercializing a mobile power generation system that enables work trucks retrofitted with the system to generate electric power. The Company intends to sell the mobile power generator system to government, commercial and fleet vehicle owners. It may license its system as well. CoolTech has also developed and intends to commercialize patented heat dispersion technologies by licensing them to electric motor, pump and vehicle component manufacturers. In preparation, CoolTech has applied for trademarks for one of its technologies and its acronym. Cool Technologies currently owns one trademark: TEHPC (Totally Enclosed Heat Pipe Cooled). The Company believes that its proprietary technologies, including the patent portfolio and trade secrets, can help increase the efficiency and positively effect manufacturing cost structure in several large industries beginning with motors/generators and fleet vehicles. The markets for products utilizing the technologies include consumer, industrial, agricultural and military markets, both in the U.S. and worldwide. As of December 31, 2022, we have seven US patents, two Canadian patents, one Mexican patent, one allowed Brazilian patent and one pending US patent application covering integrated electrical power generation methods and systems. The Company intends to commercialize its patents by licensing its thermal technologies and applications to electric motor, pump and vehicle component manufacturers and by licensing or selling a mobile electric power system to commercial vehicle and fleet owners. If and when, the company is awarded the integrated electrical power generation methods and systems patent, it may choose to exercise or defend its rights against violators or infringers of its patent and seek damages or licenses. Basis of Presentation, Use of Estimates and Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Cool Technologies, Inc. and Ultimate Power Truck, LLC. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Although these estimates are based on management s knowledge of current events and actions the Company may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. Furthermore, when testing assets for impairment in future periods, if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions occur, impairment charges may result. F-7 Table of Contents since inception. As of December 31, 2022, we owe for convertible notes, for promissory notes and currently have another in promissory notes in default. The cash available totals . CoolTech has not fully commenced operations, raising substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management believes that the Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate revenue, achieve profitable operations and repay obligations when they come due. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management is negotiating additional non-dilutive funding arrangements to support completion of the initial phases of the Company s business plan: to license its thermal technologies and applications, including submersible dry-pit applications and to license and sell mobile generation retrofit kits. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will be successful in accomplishing these objectives. Consequently, it may have to curtail or cease operations if funding is not received by the end of the second quarter. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Cash and cash equivalents Inventory Intangible assets Equipment F-8 Table of Contents Debt original issue discount Derivative financial instruments F-9 Table of Contents Research and development costs Share-based payments F-10 Table of Contents Income taxes Fair value of financial instruments Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements F-11 Table of Contents Other Less: accumulated depreciation Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was and , respectively. received on orders that have not yet been fulfilled, with companies controlled by the individual who is the owner of UPT and is a shareholder of Cool Technologies. Notes payable in default Convertible notes payable Vehicle financing Note payable related party Note payable UPT minority owner Debt discount Less: current portion Long-term portion Notes Payable From September 5 7, 2018, the Company entered into Promissory Note Agreements with two accredited investors. CoolTech received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and it issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On September 11, 2018, the Company entered into Promissory Note Agreements with an accredited investor. CoolTech received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum on or before the one-year anniversary. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and it issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On March 16, 2020, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2020. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default. As per the terms of the note, interest will continue to accrue at 15 per annum until paid in full. F-12 Table of Contents per annum on or before the one-year anniversary. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and it issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On March 16, 2020, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2020. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default. As per the terms of the note, interest will continue to accrue at per annum until paid in full. From September 7 - 17, 2018, the Company entered into Promissory Note Agreements with three accredited investors. CoolTech received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and CoolTech issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On September 25, 2018, the Company entered into Promissory Note Agreements with an accredited investor. CoolTech received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum on or before the one-year anniversary. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and CoolTech issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On March 16, 2020, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2020. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default. As per the terms of the note, interest will continue to accrue at per annum until paid in full. On October 2, 2018, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with an accredited investor. It received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and Cool Technologies issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On October 26, 2018, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with an accredited investor. It received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum on or before the one-year anniversary. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and Cool Technologies issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On October 26, 2019, the Company and the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date for seven months. On November 20, 2020, they signed another amendment to the agreement in which they agreed that in the event there are any amounts outstanding under the Note on January 1, 2021, the investor shall be able to convert, any amounts outstanding under the Note into shares of common stock, at a conversion price of seventy one percent of the lowest Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) over the previous ten trading days prior to the delivery of a conversion notice. The investor subsequently converted all amounts outstanding in a series of three conversions on January 20 and 22, and February 3, 2021. F-13 Table of Contents in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and Cool Technologies issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On March 13, 2019, the Company and a vendor agreed to convert an overdue account payable into a Promissory Note Agreement. CoolTech promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property as collateral and CoolTech issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On March 18, 2019, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with an accredited investor. It received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum on or before the one-year anniversary. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property and CoolTech issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On March 19, 2020, the Company defaulted on the note payable. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default for the note. As per the terms of the note, interest will continue to accrue at per annum until paid in full. On March 19, 2019, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with an accredited investor. It received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum on or before the one-year anniversary. Furthermore, the Company committed to pay the principal amount and accrued interest within 30 days of the receipt of funds from debt or surety bond financing. In exchange, the Company granted a security interest in all of the Company s intellectual property and CoolTech issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On March 19, 2020, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date for four months. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default for the note. As per the terms of the note, interest will continue to accrue at per annum until paid in full. On January 31, 2020, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with an accredited investor. It received in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with simple interest of per annum. Furthermore, the Company issued cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. On May 4, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds of (the PPP Loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act). The PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note (the Note ), between the Company and Small Business Administration (the Lender ). The Note has a term, bears interest at the rate of per annum, and may be prepaid at any time without payment of any premium. No collateral or guarantees were provided in connection with the PPP Notes. No payments of principal or interest are due during the six-month period beginning on the date of the Note (the Deferral Period ). F-14 Table of Contents in financing and promised to pay the principal amount together with interest of by July 29, 2020. As additional compensation, the investor received cashless warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire after five years. In the event of a default, the investor may, upon written notice to the Company, declare all unpaid principal and interest immediately due and payable. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default. On July 3, 2020, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of in lieu of interest. The total amount of was due on August 3, 2020. In the event of default, the outstanding balance will accrue interest of either or the maximum rate permitted by law until the default is remedied. As of the filing date, the Company has not received a notice of default. On June 9, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It issued commitment shares of restricted common stock and received after an original issue discount of . The total amount due encompasses principal of plus guaranteed interest at 10 per annum for 12 months. Payments on principal and guaranteed interest begin on November 9, 2022 for seven equal installments of 27,731 until paid in full no later than June 9, 2023, the maturity date. A portion or all of the principal amount and guaranteed interest may be pre-paid at any time without penalty or premium. . At the note holder s election, the default amount shall be immediately due and payable in cash or converted into shares of the Company s common stock. The conversion price of this note is 90 of the lowest VWAP during the ten trading days before the conversion. Unlike convertible notes, the principal and guaranteed interest are only convertible following an event of default. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid two installments which total . Convertible notes payable February Convertible Note -- On February 25, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with an accredited investor. It issued inducement shares of restricted common stock and received after an original issue discount of in lieu of interest. The total amount of plus 3 interest or will be due on November 25, 2021. . will accrue until the default is remedied . On November 22, 2021, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until March 31, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2022. On April 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 30, 2022. On May 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until August 30, 2022. On August 30, 2022 the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until November 30, 2022. On November 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled . March Convertible Note -- On March 24, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with an accredited investor. . In return, the Company received after an original issue discount of in lieu of interest. The total amount of 275,000 plus interest or will be due on . After 60 days, if the note has not been paid in full, the investor will have the right to purchase up to 6 million additional warrant shares. . If the note is repaid by the maturity date, the investor will forfeit the block of 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock and the shares will be returned to the Company s treasury. . On December 21, 2021, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until March 31, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2022. On April 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 30, 2022. On May 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until August 30, 2022. On August 30, 2022 the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until November 30, 2022. On November 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled . March Convertible Note -- On March 24, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with an accredited investor. . In return, the Company received after an original issue discount of in lieu of interest. The total amount of plus interest or will be due on . After 60 days, if the note has not been paid in full, the investor will have the right to purchase up to 2 million additional warrant shares. . If the note is repaid by the maturity date, the investor will forfeit the block of 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock and the shares will be returned to the Company s treasury. . On December 21, 2021, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until March 31, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until April 30, 2022. On April 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 30, 2022. On May 29, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until August 30, 2022. On August 22, 2022, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 121,410. On August 30, 2022 the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until November 30, 2022. On October 27, 2022, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 59,640. On November 30, 2022, the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until May 1, 2023. On December 5, 2022, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 68,373. On December 28, 2022, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of common stock to LGH Investments, LLC upon conversion of 71,355. As of December 30, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 570,222. August Convertible Note On August 16, 2021, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 125,000 after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on August 16, 2022. . In . On February 24, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of 50,000, leaving a principal balance remaining of . On February 25, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On February 28, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On March 4, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On March 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd. upon final conversion of in principal and in accrued interest. The note was then retired. F-15 Table of Contents after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on September 21, 2022. . . On March 22, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On March 29, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On April 18, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon final conversion of in principal and in accrued interest. The note was then retired. November Convertible Note -- On November 22, 2021, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on November 22, 2022. . . On May 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of 46,750. On June 6, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On June 15, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd upon final conversion of in principal and in accrued interest. The note was then retired. December Convertible Note -- On December 20, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of in lieu of interest. The total amount of plus interest or will be due on September 20, 2022. . On August 30, 2022 the investor signed an amendment to the agreement extending the maturity date until November 30, 2022. On November 22, 2022, the Company issued 4,787,324 shares of common stock to LGH Investments LLC upon final conversion of in principal and 990 in accrued interest. The note was then retired. February Convertible Note -- On February 1, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on February 1, 2023. . . On August 8, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On August 11, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of in principal and in accrued interest. The note was then retired. F-16 Table of Contents after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on . . . On September 8, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On September 12, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of in principal and in accrued interest. The note was then retired. March Convertible Note -- On March 21, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on . . . On September 27, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of 41,500. On September 28, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of in principal and in accrued interest. The note was then retired. April Convertible Note -- On April 25, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on . . . On October 31, 2022, the Company issued 2,247,191 shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On November 4, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On November 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of in principal and in accrued interest. The note was then retired. May Convertible Note -- On May 23, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on . . . On November 25, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon conversion of , leaving a principal balance remaining of . On November 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending LLC upon final conversion of in principal and in accrued interest. The note was then retired. July Convertible Note -- On July 22, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on . . . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 56,200. August Convertible Note -- On August 18, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received 40,000 after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on . After 180 days, at the holder s option, a portion or all of the unpaid principal and interest may be converted into shares of common stock at a 29 discount to the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days preceding the conversion date. . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled . September Convertible Note -- On September 21, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on . . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled 66,750. October Convertible Note -- On October 24, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on . . . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled . October Convertible Note -- On October 31, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of . The total amount of will be due on . . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled . December Convertible Note -- On December 8, 2022, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on December 8, 2023. . In . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance totaled . F-17 Table of Contents payable monthly over 6 years. In June 2019, the Company traded in one test vehicle and purchased another with financing of approximately , bearing an interest rate of payable monthly over a 5-year period Warrants Issued with Debt When the Company issues notes payable, it may also be required to issue warrants. Granted - - Forfeited or expired - - Exercised - - - Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Exercisable, December 31, 2021 Granted - - - Forfeited or expired - - - Exercised - - - Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Transactions with Related Parties The note payable - related party, in the amount of , is held by two of the Company s officers and relates to unreimbursed expenses. F-18 Table of Contents minority owner of UPT. The terms of the note have not been finalized. Future contractual maturities of debt are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 - - Risk-free interest rate - - Expected life (years) Dividend yield -- -- Changes in the derivative liability were as follows: Conversions of convertible debt Issuance of convertible debt and other derivatives Change in fair value Convertible debt and other derivative liabilities on December 31, 2021 Conversions of convertible debt Issuance of convertible debt and other derivatives Change in fair value Convertible debt and other derivative liabilities on December 31, 2022 and agreed to cease and desist from any future violations of Sections 13(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13a-13 thereunder, and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, is still due, which is included within accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets. From time to time, Cool Technologies may be a party to other legal proceedings. Management currently believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters, and after consideration of amounts accrued, will not have a material adverse effect on consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flow. F-19 Table of Contents preferred shares authorized and Series A and Series B preferred shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On August 12, 2016, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with four accredited investors pursuant to which it sold shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of the preferred stock is convertible into one share of the Company s common stock. The conversion price of the preferred stock is equal to the . In addition to the preferred stock, the Securities Purchase Agreement included warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants cannot be exercised on a cashless basis. The aggregate purchase price of the preferred stock and warrants was , of which was paid in cash and was paid in services. In connection with the sale of the Preferred Stock, on October 20, 2016, the Company filed with the Secretary of the State of Nevada, an amended Certificate of Designations of the Rights, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions, which have not been set forth in the Certificate of Designation of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock nor the first Amendment to Certificate of Designation filed on August 12, 2016. The preferred stock has the same rights as if each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into one share of common stock. For so long as the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding, the holders of such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock vote together as a single class with the holders of the common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock, with the holders of . In the event of the death of a holder of the Class B Preferred Stock, or a liquidation, winding up or bankruptcy of a holder which is an entity, all voting rights of the Class B Preferred Stock shall cease. The holder of any shares of Class B Preferred Stock have the right to convert their shares into common stock at any time, in a conversion ratio of one share of common stock for each share of Class B Preferred. If the Company s common stock trades or is quoted at a price per share in excess of for any twenty consecutive day trading period, the Class B Preferred Stock will automatically be convertible into the common stock of the Company in a conversion ratio of one share of common stock for each share of Class B Preferred. The holders of Class B Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any distributions in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. The warrants cannot be exercised on a cashless basis. On May 8, 2017, Inverom Corporation converted its Series B preferred shares into shares of common stock. This represented all of the shares of Series B stock held by Inverom Corporation. Preferred stock issuable on the consolidated balance sheets represents preferred stock to be issued for either cash received, or services performed. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the number of shares of preferred stock to be issued was and the number of shares of Series B preferred stock was . KHIC, Inc., a related party holds the remaining shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of common stock. Each share of preferred stock has voting rights as if they were converted into shares of common stock. The holders of each share of preferred stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the Available Funds and Assets (as defined in the Certificate of Designation ), and prior and in preference to any payment or distribution (or any setting a part of any payment or distribution) of any Available Funds and Assets on any shares of common stock, an amount per preferred share equal to the Preferred Stock Liquidation Price per share). F-20 Table of Contents . On February 13, 2020, stockholders holding shares that entitled them to exercise at least a majority of the voting power, voted in favor of increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock, . Common stock issuable on the consolidated balance sheets represents common stock to be issued for either cash received, or services performed. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the number of shares of common stock to be issued was the same: shares. Common stock warrants issued with the sale of CoolTech s common stock When the . A summary of common stock warrants issued with the sale of common stock as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and changes during the years then ended is presented below: - Granted - Forfeited or expired Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Exercisable, December 31, 2021 Granted - Exercised - - Forfeited or expired Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Nonemployee warrants fully vested upon issuance -- -- Total share-based expense charged against income Impact on net loss per common share: Basic and diluted Nonemployee common stock Other None were issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. F-21 Table of Contents years to non-employees in return for services or to satisfy liabilities, such as accrued interest. The following summarizes the activity for common stock warrants that were fully vested upon issuance: Granted Forfeited or expired Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Exercisable, December 31, 2021 0.02 Granted - Exercised - - Forfeited or expired Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 The following summarizes the Black-Scholes assumptions used to estimate the fair value of fully vested common stock warrants: - - Risk-free interest rate - - Expected life (years) - Dividend yield -- -- No fully vested common stock warrants were exercised in 2022 and 2021. Nonemployee common stock warrants -- Service and performance conditions No common stock warrants that have service and performance conditions were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. F-22 Table of Contents -- -- Outstanding, December 31, 2021 -- -- Exercisable, December 31, 2021 -- -- Outstanding, December 31, 2022 -- -- Exercisable, December 31, 2022 -- -- Equity-based instruments Accrued liabilities Deferred Revenue Pass-through losses Valuation allowance Deferred tax asset Effective January 1, 2018, the Federal corporate income tax rate has been decreased from to . . A reconciliation of income taxes computed at the statutory rate to the income tax amount recorded is as follows: State income tax, net of Federal benefit Convertible debt Other adjustments Meals and entertainment Increase in valuation allowance Income tax benefit Cool Technologies had no gross unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods. It has not accrued any interest or penalties associated with income taxes. The Company files income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction. With few exceptions, it is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. income tax examination by tax authorities on tax returns filed before January 31, 2012. No tax returns are currently under examination by any tax authorities. F-23 Table of Contents Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock Dilutive effect of stock options and warrants - - Common stock and equivalents Net loss per share Basic and diluted Outstanding stock options and common stock warrants are considered anti-dilutive because the Company is in a net loss position. The following summarizes equity instruments that may, in the future, have a dilutive effect on earnings per share: Common stock warrants Convertible notes Convertible preferred stock Total Total exercisable on December 31 . The note bears an interest rate of and shall be paid in full by . In the event of a default, the outstanding balance shall bear an interest rate of or the maximum rate permitted by law. January Convertible Note -- On January 12, 2023, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received after an original issue discount of and reimbursement of to cover the investor s legal fees. The total amount of will be due on January 12, 2024. . On January 27, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of on principal of . On February 3, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of on principal of . On February 14, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon final conversion of on principal of . February Promissory Note -- On February 15, 2023, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received . The note bears an interest rate of and shall be paid in full by . In the event of a default, the outstanding balance shall bear an interest rate of or the maximum rate permitted by law. On February 24, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of on principal of . On March 2, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon final conversion of on principal of . March Promissory Note -- On March 6, 2023, the Company signed a promissory note agreement with an accredited investor. It received . The note bears an interest rate of and shall be paid in full by . In the event of a default, the outstanding balance shall bear an interest rate of or the maximum rate permitted by law. On March 8, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to LGH Investments LLC upon conversion of on principal of . On March 28, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of on principal of . On March 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC upon conversion of on principal of . On April 12, 2023, Richard Schul resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company. F-24 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures None Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s management does not expect that its internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. Control systems, no matter how well conceived and managed, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, Cool Technologies conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, based on the material weaknesses discussed below, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Act Commission s rules and forms and that the Company s disclosure controls are not effectively designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that Cool Technologies files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 41 Table of Contents (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is defined under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the CEO and CFO, and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: -- Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; -- Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and -- Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because Cool Technologies has only three officers and limited personnel, the Company s internal controls are not effective for the following reasons, (1) there are limited entity-level controls because of the limited time and abilities of the three officers, (2) it has not implemented adequate system and manual controls, and (3) there is no separate audit committee. As a result, the Company s internal controls have inherent material weaknesses which may increase the risks of errors in financial reporting under current operations and, accordingly, are not effective as evaluated against the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Cool Technologies internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. Even though there are inherent weaknesses, management has taken steps to minimize the risk. The Company uses a third-party consultant to review transactions for appropriate technical accounting, reconcile accounts, review significant transactions and prepare financial statements. Any deviations or errors are reported to management. (c) Remediation of Material Weaknesses Cool Technologies can provide no assurance that its internal controls over financial reporting will be compliant in the near future. As revenues permit, the Company will enhance its internal controls through additional software and other means. If and when it becomes a listed company under SEC rules, the Company will create an audit committee comprised of independent directors. (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect CoolTech s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information Currently, the Company has/owns most of the parts needed to build 4 or 5 generator systems and one water unit. A second water unit, that has already been paid for, has not yet been shipped. Over the past two years, the Company has achieved price reductions by comparing vendor quotes and by negotiating with a select few. Inflation will eliminate the quoted reductions. A 10 overall increase in the price of components will likely occur when the Company makes its next round of purchases. By working with fewer suppliers, using volume discounts and providing payment with orders, the Company believes it can hold prices within the expected 10 increase. That will ultimately depend on whether the Federal Reserve successfully manages to control inflation. Other than acting as one of the catalysts for inflation, the Russo-Ukrainian War should have no impact on the Company. If the geo-political tensions spread beyond the region, it could impact some of the Company s customers who have existing purchase orders. A more immediate concern appears to be easing a bit. Our primary supply chain issue involves the shortage of semiconductor chips needed for vehicle manufacturing. According to CNBC, Ford reported that part shortages had prevented 40 to 45,000 vehicles, primarily trucks and SUVs, from reaching dealers (https://tinyurl.com/43ky9tny). J.P. Morgan Research predicts that more chips will become available in the second half of 2022, however, the chips available may not be the right type to satisfy all demand (https://tinyurl.com/yc9kmbpp). McKinsey Company research indicates that the auto industry s reliance on 90 nanometer chips will keep supply and demand out of balance for some time (https://tinyurl.com/mvt4z4cf ). We rely extensively on computer systems to manage our business. This includes valuable trade secrets and intellectual property, corporate strategic plans, marketing plans, supplier and customer information, and personally identifiable information, such as employee information. Processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats -- from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our individual computers, systems and data -- are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Most of our business is conducted in a virtual environment which increases the types and range of vulnerabilities that need to be protected as well as introduces new risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of critical company data and supporting systems. Moreover, the planned incorporation of vehicle telematics into our products could also increase our exposure to potential costs, expenses and reputational harm in the event of cyberattacks impacting these products or services. 42 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our current board members and executive officers: Name Age Position(s) Timothy Hassett 62 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director Judson Bibb 66 Vice President, interim Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director Christopher McKee 54 Director Donald Bowman 54 Director Steven Wilburn 74 Director Our directors are elected for a term of one year and serve until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified. Each executive officer serves at the pleasure of the Board. The Company has no nominating, audit or compensation committees at this time. BACKGROUND INFORMATION The following summarizes the occupational and business experience of our officers and directors. Timothy Hassett is a co-founder of the Company and has been its Chairman since its inception and Chief Executive Officer since April 5, 2012. Mr. Hassett began his career as a marketing and business manager, for Rockwell Automation Incorporated s Motor Special Products division from 1990 to 1995, where he launched new product platforms and developed and implemented global distribution initiatives and channels. Mr. Hassett worked at General Electric from January 1996 to February 1998, as a general manager of Distribution Services in the Industrial Systems Division and from February 1998 to March 2000, in the Electric Motors Unit of the Industrial Systems Division where he restructured the unit, consolidated product lines and grew the business. From March 2000 to August 2003, he served as President of Hawk Motors and Rotors, a division of Hawk Corporation, a brake manufacturer, where he restructured the Company. From August 2003 to October 2005, Mr. Hassett served as Vice President and General Manager of WaveCrest Laboratories, a propulsion systems and controls start-up, where he led the development and launch of four new product platforms. From June 2006 to October 2010, Mr. Hassett served as President and Managing Director of LEMO USA, a Swiss-based connector company, where he restructured the Company, helped contain costs and improved operating margins and business. From December 2010 to October 2011, Mr. Hassett served as President of Cavometrix, a connector company serving the medical, energy and alternative energy industries. Mr. Hassett has a BS in Mechanical Engineering from Cleveland State University and a BS in Physics from Youngstown State University. Mr. Hassett s patents and patents pending and his extensive experience and professional contacts in the electric motor industry led to the decision to appoint him to the Board. Judson W. Bibb has been a director of the Company since April 15, 2011. Mr. Bibb was appointed Secretary on November 11, 2011, Vice President on April 5, 2012 and Interim CFO on April 8, 2023. He has worked exclusively for the Company since 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Bibb was a self-employed freelance multi-media producer since 1983. His services included: producer, writer, director, cinematographer, videographer, still photographer, audio and video editor, voiceover talent, marketer, ad designer and Internet search engine optimizer. His client list included KPMG, T. Rowe Price, Briggs Stratton, Caterpillar, Toyota, Georgia-Pacific, Alcoa Aluminum, Lowes, Office Depot, PepsiCo, Hewlett-Packard, Bayer, Caremark, and T-Mobile. Mr. Bibb graduated cum laude from the University of South Florida with a B.A. in mass communications-film. Mr. Bibb s broad background and wide variety of resources, including experience in marketing and public relations and business experience in automotive, trucking, electronics, retail, direct response and the Internet led to the decision to appoint him to the Board. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 400,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to our Secretary and Vice President, Judson Bibb, The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. Christopher McKee has been a director of the Company since August 19, 2015. Mr. McKee joined GTT Communications, Inc. GTT (NYSE GTT) in 2008 and is GTT s President, Infrastructure. Mr. McKee is responsible for running the Infrastructure Division of GTT which is being sold to I Squared Capital for 2.15 Billion. That transaction closed September 17, 2021. Mr. McKee has over 20 years of broad legal experience in the telecommunications industry. Prior to joining GTT, he served as General Counsel for StarVox Communications where he was responsible for the Company s legal department, mergers and acquisitions, employment law, litigation, and legal support for the sales teams. Mr. McKee also formerly served as Vice President and Assistant General Counsel for Covad Communications where he headed its Washington, DC office and directed its federal and state regulatory compliance and advocacy efforts. Mr. McKee previously worked for XO Communications, Net2000 Communications and was in private practice in Washington, DC as an associate at Dickstein Shapiro and Cooley LLP. Mr. McKee earned a law degree from Syracuse University and received his Bachelor of Arts from Colby College. Mr. McKee s background of supply chain, micro-cap and small cap as well as his M A background and his knowledge and experience of regulatory compliance and company legal structure led to the decision to appoint Mr. McKee to the board. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 600,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to a director, Chris McKee. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. 43 Table of Contents Donald L. Bowman has been a director of the Company since August 19, 2015. Mr. Bowman has been Chief Executive Officer of BVU Authority (formerly known as Bristol Virginia Utilities) since November 2013. BVU Authority is a utility system that provides electric, water, wastewater and fiber optic telecommunication and information services to the City of Bristol and the surrounding area. From 2011 to November 2013, Mr. Bowman provided consulting services to the legal industry and various California businesses. Mr. Bowman served as Operations and Business Development Manager and consultant to the General Manager of Lemo USA Inc., from 2006-2011. Prior thereto from 2004 to 2006, Mr. Bowman served as Vice President and General Counsel of WaveCrest Laboratories LLC, a technology company in Northern Virginia WaveCrest ). Prior to WaveCrest, Mr. Bowman served as Associate General Corporate Counsel of MeadWestvaco from 2001 to 2004. Mr. Bowman was an associate at the law firm of Dickstein Shapiro in Washington D.C. from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Bowman s has a Juris Doctorate from the University of Virginia School of Law (1998), a Master s in Engineering Management from the Florida Institute of Technology (1993), a Master s in Civil and Environmental Engineering from Old Dominion University (1992), and a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering with Highest Honors from Virginia Military Institute (1990). He is a licensed professional engineer in the state of Virginia. He has been a registered patent attorney with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for over fourteen years. Mr. Bowman served five years on active duty as an officer with the United States Navy and retired as Commander from the U.S. Naval Reserves in 2011. Mr. Bowman s business and legal background led to the decision to appoint Mr. Bowman to the board. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 450,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to a director, Don Bowman. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. Steven Wilburn was elected to the Board on January 15, 2020. In 2004, Mr. Wilburn founded FirmGreen, Inc., an integrated energy company participating in virtually all aspects of the global green energy business. Since then, he has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FirmGreen, Inc. In 2014, Mr. Wilburn founded VerdeWatts, LLC, an energy storage and management solutions company, and has served as the Managing Member of VerdeWatts since its founding. During 2013 and 2014, Steve served on the Advisory Board of the Export Import Bank of the United States. From 2016 until 2018, he served on the inaugural Trade and Finance Advisory Committee under the Obama and Trump administrations. In 1977, Wilburn was selected to lead a joint venture team (Monsanto, Wheelabrator, McDonnell-Douglas) to find a new cost-effective and environmentally-sound method of producing pure hydrogen for NASA s Space Shuttle Program. The team built a pilot plant that gasified petroleum coke and coal to produce pure hydrogen fuel. In 1976 Steve joined GWF Power Systems. His team invented a new process to generate clean power from petroleum coke, while producing a salable and environmentally stable soil amendment as a byproduct. He was subsequently promoted to VP of Business Development at the newly merged Allied Signal Corporation, where he was responsible for the design, permitting, and construction of five power plants with a combined capital costs of 300 million dollars in 1984 dollars. 750 million in 2019 dollars). In 2001, Governor Gray Davis recruited him to fast-track natural gas fired power plants during California s energy crisis. Steve brought the plants on-line within 5 months of the signing the State s Letter of Commitment. Subsequently, he helped a friend commercialize a patented biogas cleanup process which produced pipeline quality gas and food grade CO2 from landfill gas and Anaerobic Digester Biogas. Steve and the team designed, built and operated a pilot plant at the Burlington County Landfill in New Jersey under a DOE grant. In 1994, Steve started an alternative energy consulting business, Steve Wilburn and Associates. 44 Table of Contents A combat wounded and disabled Marine who was awarded the Purple Heart, a chemical engineer with in-depth applications engineering experience and an executive with over 40 years of experience in alternative energy and water treatment, Steve Wilburn s depth of knowledge and vast industry experience in alternative energy, successful track record and political clout led to the decision to appoint Mr. Wilburn to the board. On November 16, 2019, we issued for services to the Company thirty month warrants to purchase a total of 200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.032 per share, to a member of the board of advisors who subsequently became director two months later, Stephen Wilburn. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. Family relationships There are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. Involvement in legal proceedings Other than described above in Legal Proceedings , there are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations, Committees of the Board of Directors The Company does not have an audit committee. We are not a listed company under SEC rules and are therefore not required to have an audit committee comprised of independent directors. We do not currently have a financial expert within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the SEC. The Company has no nominating or compensation committees at this time. The entire Board participates in the nomination and audit oversight processes and considers executive and director compensation. Given the size of the Company and its stage of development, the entire Board is involved in such decision-making processes. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. Resignations Daniel C. Ustian resigned from the Board effective May 26, 2020. Board of Advisors The Company has a Board of Advisors which currently consists of eleven members. Scott Van Dorn (appointed March 18, 2014), currently engineering director at Navistar Corporation, has more than 20 years of experience in global engineering and management in vehicles, engines electronics and design. Richard Schul (appointed December 31, 2013) is a veteran of the motor/generator industry. The other members include: Bill Finley (appointed July 7, 2014), Chief Technology Officer of Siemens Industry Drive Technology; Dan Ustian (appointed September 10, 2014), a former chief executive officer of Navistar; Chris McKee (appointed June 1, 2014), executive vice president and general counsel of GTT; Gurminder Bedi (appointed January 1, 2016), managing partner at Compass Acquisitions, LLC; Mark Steele (appointed May 9, 2017), CEO, president and co-owner of Craftsmen Industries, Inc.; Steve Wilburn (appointed December 9, 2019) founder, Chairman and CEO for FirmGreen, Inc. and founder and managing member of VerdeWatts, LLC; Hakan Kostepen (appointed December 10, 2019) formerly Panasonic s Executive Director of Product Strategy Innovation who headed up their Silicon Valley Center; Raoul Wood (appointed December 17, 2019), an expert in sustainable energy and power generation who has developed more than twenty public sector solar power projects and over 2,000 solar electric vehicle charging installations; and Harvey Beverly (appointed December 17, 2019), who recently finished a 30-year career with the United States Army Corps of Engineers, the federal agency that oversees dams, canals and flood protection as well as public works projects worldwide. 45 Table of Contents Upon the execution of an Advisory Board Agreement, the Company issues a non-qualified 30-month warrant to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price that has varied from 0.03 to 0.80 per share depending on the Company s current share price. The warrant is immediately exercisable. Code of Ethics The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that establishes the standards of ethical conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.cooltechnologiesinc.com. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics free of charge to any person who requests a copy. Requests should be directed to the Secretary at Cool Technologies, Inc., 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300, Tampa, Florida 33637, or by telephone at (813) 975-7467. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 percent of our equity securities Reporting Persons to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based solely on our review of copies of such reports and representations from the Reporting Persons, we believe that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: All reports were filed on a timely basis Changes in Nominating Process There are no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board. Item 11. Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table The following table provides certain information regarding compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to persons serving as our Chief Executive Officer during fiscal 2022 and 2021 and our two other most highly compensated officers who had total compensation exceeding 100,000 for fiscal 2022 (each a named executive officer ). Note: our former CFO, Quentin Ponder, worked under a consulting contract and, consequently, was not considered an employee. More information regarding his compensation can be found under Consulting Agreements below. Name and Principal Position Fiscal Year Ended 12/31 Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Warrant Awards ) Option Awards ) All Other ) Total ) Timothy Hassett 2022 210,000 (3) -- -- -- -- -- (1) 210,000 CEO and Chairman 2021 210,000 (4) -- -- -- -- -- 210,000 Quentin Ponder 2022 144,000 -- -- 3,530 (2) -- -- 147,530 Former CFO 2021 144,000 -- -- -- -- 147,530 Judson Bibb 2022 120,000 (5) -- -- 3,530 (2) -- (1) 123,530 Vice President, Interim CFO, Secretary and Director 2021 120,000 (6) -- -- -- -- 120,000 ____________ (1) Represents health care insurance premiums paid by the Company. (2) Value of the warrants 3,530 received in consideration of extraordinary efforts. (3) Mr. Hassett was paid 210,000. (4) Mr. Hassett was paid 152,927 with the balance of 57,073 being earned and accrued. (5) Mr. Bibb was paid 120,000. (6) Mr. Bibb was paid 34,250 with the balance of 85,750 being earned and accrued. 46 Table of Contents Employment Agreements We entered into an employment agreement, dated March 5, 2014, with Timothy Hassett to serve as our Chief Executive Officer for an initial annual salary of 210,000, to be paid in equal monthly installments. If the Company is cash flow positive for three consecutive months, the monthly compensation will increase to 25,000 per month. If the Company maintains profitability for four consecutive quarters, the monthly compensation will increase to 30,000 per month. The Company also agreed to reimburse Mr. Hassett for his healthcare costs until the Company adopts a healthcare plan (As of June 21, 2021, the Company contracted with United Healthcare to provide a healthcare plan for its employees. Consequently, the Company is no longer reimbursing Mr. Hassett for his healthcare costs). If Mr. Hassett s employment is terminated without cause, he will be entitled to severance in the amount of two years salary in effect at such time to be paid by the Company in one payment or in four equal installments at the end of each quarter following termination, at the Company s discretion. Such severance obligation shall accelerate and become immediately payable upon change of control of the Company. The Company will also pay any excise tax on Mr. Hassett s behalf that may be triggered under the Internal Revenue Code as a result. Mr. Hassett will not compete with the Company during the term of the agreement. On August 9, 2016, we entered into an employment agreement with Judson Bibb to serve as our Vice President for an initial annual salary of 120,000, to be paid in equal monthly installments. Mr. Bibb s annual salary shall be increased to 150,000 upon the Company remaining cash flow positive for three consecutive months and to 180,000 upon the Company maintaining profitability for four consecutive quarters. The Company also agreed to include Mr. Bibb on its healthcare plan (As of June 21, 2021, the Company contracted with United Healthcare to provide a healthcare plan for its employees.). If Mr. Bibb s employment is terminated without cause, he will be entitled to severance in the amount of two years salary in effect at such time to be paid by the Company in one payment or in four equal installments at the end of each quarter following termination, at the Company s discretion. Such severance obligation shall accelerate and become immediately payable upon change of control of the Company. The Company will also pay any excise tax on Mr. Bibb s behalf that may be triggered under the Internal Revenue Code as a result. Mr. Bibb will not compete with the Company during the term of the agreement. Consulting Agreements We entered into a consulting agreement with Summit Management in April 2011 for services provided by Quentin Ponder to the Company for a consulting fee of 5,000 per month which was increased to 7,500 per month effective January 1, 2012. During 2012, Mr. Ponder agreed to forgo four months payment under the consulting agreement due to the financial condition of the Company. Mr. Ponder was paid 7,500 per month from January 2013 through July 2013 and accrued 2,500 during those months (except for the first month in which he accrued 1,250); was paid 10,000 per month from August 2013 through April 2014; and was paid 12,000 per month from May 2014 through December 2016. On December 28, 2016, the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with Summit, effective January 1, 2017, to provide Mr. Ponder s services for so long as the Company needs them. On April 8, 2023, Mr. Ponder was removed as CFO, Treasurer and director. We entered into a consulting agreement with Timothy Hassett in April 2011 pursuant to which he received 5,000 per month. The consulting fee was increased to 10,000 per month effective January 1, 2012. During 2012, Mr. Hassett agreed to forgo four months payment on the agreement due to the financial condition of the Company. Mr. Hassett was paid 10,000 per month from January 2013 through July 2013 and accrued 3,500 during those months (except for the first month in which he accrued 1,750) and was paid 13,500 per month from August 2013 through October 2013. Such consulting agreement terminated on November 1, 2013; the date Mr. Hassett became a full-time, salaried employee of the Company. On May 1, 2012, we entered into a consulting agreement with Bibb Productions Consulting for Judson Bibb s services for a monthly consulting fee of 6,000 conditional upon the financial ability of the Company. Mr. Bibb s monthly consulting fee under this agreement was accrued but unpaid from May 2012 through April 2013 and was paid to Mr. Bibb for the months of May, June, July and August 2013. Such consulting agreement terminated on January 1, 2014, the date Mr. Bibb became a full-time, salaried employee of the Company and was paid 8,000 per month. Mr. Bibb s compensation increased to 10,000 per month in May 2014. 47 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards The table below reflects all outstanding equity awards made to any named executive officer that were outstanding on December 31, 2022. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS ON DECEMBER 31, 2022 Option Awards Number of Number of Securities Securities Underlying Underlying Unexercised Unexercised Option Option Options (#) Options (#) Exercise Expiration Name Grant Date Exercisable Unexercisable Price ) Date Timothy Hassett 3/31/14 1,000,000 -- 2.00 (1 Judson Bibb 3/31/14 2,000,000 -- 2.00 (1 Mark Hodowanec 3/31/14 1,000,000 -- 2.00 (1 _______________ (1) No expiration dates. Compensation of Officers On January 13, 2014, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), and Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, our stockholders voted on an advisory basis, to approve the compensation of the management team. This proposal, commonly known as a say-on-pay proposal, gave the Company s stockholders the opportunity to express their views on the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Timothy Hassett, and the rest of the management team. The compensation of the management team was approved by 77.46 of the shares voted. On February 20, 2013, the Board approved the following compensation for its officers: (i) 13,500 per month for Timothy Hassett, as Chief Executive Officer, (ii) 10,000 per month for Quentin Ponder, as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, (iii) 12,500 per month for Theodore Banzhaf, as President, (iv) 14,500 per month for a still undesignated Chief Technical Officer and (v) 8,000 per month for Judson Bibb, as Vice-President and Secretary. Such compensation accrued commencing January 15, 2013, until July 2013 when the Company raised 1 million. On February 20, 2013, the Board also approved increased compensation if and when the Company achieves certain milestones as follows: (1) generating 1 million in additional funding, (2) generating 100,000 in revenue or an additional 1 million in funding, (3) achieving profitability (being cash flow positive for three consecutive months) and (4) maintaining profitability for four consecutive quarters. With the achievement of the first milestone, the compensation for the President will increase to 17,500 per month. With the achievement of the second milestone, the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer shall increase to 17,500 per month, the compensation for the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer shall increase to 12,000 per month, the compensation for the President shall increase to 20,000 per month, and the compensation for the Vice President and Secretary shall increase to 10,000 per month. With the achievement of the third milestone, the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer shall increase to 25,000 per month, the compensation for the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer shall increase to 18,000 per month, the compensation for the President shall increase to 24,000 per month, and the compensation for the Vice President and Secretary shall increase to 12,000 per month. With the achievement of the fourth milestone, the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer shall increase to 30,000 per month, the compensation for the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer shall increase to 24,000 per month, the compensation for the President shall increase to 29,000 per month, and the compensation for the Vice President and Secretary shall increase to 15,000 per month. 48 Table of Contents In addition, the Board authorized the Chief Executive Officer to make quarterly bonuses of 50,000 and/or 50,000 shares of, or options for Common Stock available for each officer in addition to performance payments from 5 of the Company s net income to be given for individual contributions, such as the awarding of patents or the signing of major customer contracts. On March 31, 2014, the Board approved the grant of options to Judson Bibb to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share and the grant of options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at 2.00 per share to each of Messrs. Hassett and Hodowanec. Compensation of Directors The Company has not yet established a compensation plan for its directors, however on September 20, 2017, each of our directors were issued three-year warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.08536 per share for serving on the board of directors. The warrants could have been exercised on a cashless basis, however, they expired on September 19, 2020. On September 20, 2017, Christopher McKee and former director Richard Schul were each granted three-year warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.08536 per share for assistance and services provided to the Company. The warrants could have been exercised on a cashless basis, however, they expired on September 19, 2020. On September 20, 2017, former director Daniel Ustian was granted a three-year warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.08536 per share for assistance and services provided to the Company. The warrants could have been exercised on a cashless basis, however, they expired on September 19, 2020. On September 20, 2017, Judson Bibb and former director Quentin Ponder were each granted three-year warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.08536 per share in recognition for their efforts to maintain and advance the Company since inception. The warrants could have been exercised on a cashless basis, however, they expired on September 19, 2020. On October 16, 2020, Chris McKee, Don Bowman, Judson Bibb and former directors, Richard Schul and Quentin Ponder were each granted three-year warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.02 per share in recognition for their efforts to maintain and advance the Company since inception. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On October 16, 2020, Christopher McKee and former director Richard Schul were each granted three-year warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.02 per share for assistance and services provided to the Company. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On October 16, 2020, we issued three-year warrants to purchase a total of 250,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share to Don Bowman for services to the Company. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On October 16, 2020, we issued three-year warrants to purchase a total of 750,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to a former director, Daniel Ustian, for services to the Company. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. 49 Table of Contents 74 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table lists, as of April 9, 2023, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person, entity or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each of our named executive officers and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person directly or indirectly has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned and each stockholder s address is c/o Cool Technologies, Inc., 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300, Tampa, Florida 33637. The percentages below are calculated based on 705,393,993 issued and outstanding shares of common stock and 3 issued and outstanding shares of Series A Stock (each such share of Series A Stock has the voting right of 50,000 shares of Common Stock) and 2,272,270 issued and outstanding shares of Series B Stock (collectively, the 3 holders of the shares are entitled to 66 2/3 of the total votes), as of April 10, 2023. Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage 5 or Greater Stockholders Eric Paul Brown 1877 S. Wiesbrook Road Wheaton, Illinois 60189 2,542,422 (1) 66.66 (2) Christopher J. Jones 1314 E. Forest Avenue Wheaton, Illinois 60189 2,815,149 (3) 66.66 (2) Daniel C. Ustian 8 S. 270 Shires Court Naperville, IL 60504 5,190,402 (4) 66.66 (2) Directors and Executive Officers Timothy Hassett 7,477,214 (5) 1.06 Judson Bibb 7,020,400 (6) 0.99 Christopher McKee 822,222 (7) Donald Bowman 450,000 (8) Steven Wilburn -- All executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 15,769,836 2.23 _______ less than 1 (1) Includes (i) 909,090 shares of Series B Stock which are convertible by the Series B stockholder into Common Stock on a one-to-one basis and automatically convert into Common Stock on a one-to-one basis if the Common Stock trades in excess of 2.25 for any consecutive 20-day period, (ii) a warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.05 per share. (2) The Series B Stock votes together as a single class with the holders of the Common Stock, with the holders of Series B Stock being entitled to 66 2/3 of the total votes. (3) Includes (i) 909,090 shares of Series B Stock which are convertible by the Series B stockholder into Common Stock on a one-to-one basis and automatically convert into Common Stock on a one-to-one basis if the Common Stock trades in excess of 2.25 for any consecutive 20-day period, (ii) a warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at 0.05 per share. (4) Includes (i) 909,090 shares of Series B Stock which are convertible by Mr. Ustian into Common Stock on a one-to-one basis and automatically convert into Common Stock on a one-to-one basis if the Company s common stock trades in excess of 2.25 for any consecutive 20-day period, (ii) currently exercisable warrants to purchase 750,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.02 per share, and (iii) a currently exercisable warrant to purchase 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.05 per share. 50 Table of Contents (5) Includes an option to purchase 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock at 2.00 per share. Does not include an aggregate of 136,500 shares held by Mr. Hassett s minor children. (6) Includes (i) options to purchase 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock at 2.00 per share, and (ii) currently exercisable warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.02 per share, and (iii) a currently exercisable warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.0714 per share. (7) Represents currently exercisable warrants to purchase 600,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.02 per share. (8) Represents currently exercisable warrants to purchase 450,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.02 per share. Change-in-Control Agreements The Company does not have any change-in-control agreements with any of its executive officers, except that severance payments, if any, to which Messrs. Hassett and Bibb may be entitled under their employment agreements as described above in Employment Agreements , accelerate in the event of a change of control. The complete agreements for Mr. Hassett and Mr. Bibb are filed as exhibits 10.12 and 10.4 as noted in Item 15 below. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Certain Relationships and Related Transactions On November 16, 2019, we issued for services to the Company thirty month warrants to purchase a total of 200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.032 per share, to a member of the board of advisors who subsequently became director two months later, Stephen Wilburn. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On May 26, 2022, the warrants expired. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 600,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to a director, Chris McKee. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 600,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to a former director, Richard Schul. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 450,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to a director, Don Bowman. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 750,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to a former director, Daniel Ustian. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 400,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to our Secretary, Vice President and Interim CFO, Judson Bibb, The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. On October 16, 2020, we issued for services to the Company three-year warrants to purchase a total of 400,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.02 per share, to our former Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Quentin Ponder. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. Insider Transactions Policies and Procedures The Company does not currently have an insider transaction policy. Director Independence We currently do not have any independent directors as the term independent is defined by the rules of the American Stock Exchange. While directors do not receive on-going consideration from the Company for their service as directors or officers, on October 16, 2020, of the directors were awarded a warrant to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock and outside directors have received consideration for their service on the Company s Board of Advisors. As the entire Board of Directors has yet to affirm that the respective individual directors do not have relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgement in carrying out their directors responsibilities, none of our directors can be defined as independent . 51 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Audit Fees We incurred no non-audit related fees, tax fees or other fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and the review of financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our accountant, Accell Audit and Compliance for audit and review services for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, were 85,500. Administration of the Engagement; Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services We have not yet established an audit committee. Until then, there are no formal pre-approval policies and procedures. Nonetheless, the auditors engaged for these services are required to provide and uphold estimates for the cost of services to be rendered. The percentage of hours expended on Accel Audit and Compliance, PA, respective engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees was 0 . 52 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on August 9, 2007) 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2010) 3.3 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on August 9, 2007) 3.4 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 11, 2012) 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2012) 3.6 Bylaws, dated February 20, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2013 3.6.1 Amendment to Article VII of the Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2013) 3.7 Amendment to Article II, Section 2 of the Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 17, 2014) 3.8 Certificate of Designation of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2012) 3.9 Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2013) 3.11 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated March 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2017) 4.5 220,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 26, 2018, issued to Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.81 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.6 385,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, issued to Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.82 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.7 Amendment to 180,000 Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.83 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.8 Amendment to 165,000 Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.84 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.9 140,800 Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 25, 2018, issued to PowerUp Lending Group (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.87 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.10 110,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated May 22, 2018, issued to Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.88 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.11 Amendment to 220,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 26, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.89 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.12 Amendment to 385,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.90 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.13 Scott Fergus Promissory Note July 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.91 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.14 Amendment to 220,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 26, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.92 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 53 Table of Contents 4.15 Amendment to 385,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 19,2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.93 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.16 Amendment to 110,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated May 22, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.94 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.17 152,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 10, 2018, issued to PowerUp Lending Group (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.95 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.18 Amendment to 385,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.96 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 4.19 Amendment to Senior Convertible Note dated August 24, 2018, between the Company and KHIC, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.90 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 17, 2018) 4.20 140,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated February 11, 2019, issued to Power Up Lending Group, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.97 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 20, 2019) 4.21 140,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated March 13, 2019, issued to JSJ Investments Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.98 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 20, 2019) 4.22 Amendment to 385,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.99 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 20, 2019) 4.23 165,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated May 13, 2019, issued to LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 4.24 143,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated June 6, 2019, issued to Eagle Equities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.24 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2018) 4.25 168,300 Convertible Promissory Note dated June 28, 2019, issued to PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020 4.26 Amendment to 385,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.26 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 4.27 126,500 Convertible Promissory Note dated August 28, 2019, issued to Eagle Equities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.27 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 4.28 126,500 Convertible Promissory Note dated October 2, 2019, issued to Eagle Equities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.28 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 4.29 Amendment to 385,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.29 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 4.30 141,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated November 6, 2019, issued to PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.30 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 4.31 109,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated December 5, 2019, issued to JSJ Investments, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.31 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 4.32 Amendment to 385,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2018, between the Company and Lucas Hoppel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.32 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020. 4.33 40,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated January 30, 2020, issued to LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.90 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020) 4.34 85,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated June 29, 2020, issued to Steve Schaner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.34 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 5, 2020) 54 Table of Contents 4.35 85,000 Promissory Note dated July 3, 2020, issued to 3 1 Capital Partners, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.35 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 5, 2020) 4.36 60,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 15, 2020, issued to LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.36on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 5, 2020) 4.37 66,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated October 8, 2020, issued to JSJ Investments Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.37 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 11, 2020) 4.38 50,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 30, 2020, issued to LGH Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.38 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 11, 2020) 4.39 137,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 18, 2020, issued to PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.39 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 4.40 132,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 18, 2021, issued to LGH Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.40 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 4.41 77,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 4, 2021, issued to PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.41 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 4.42 165,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated February 25, 2021, issued to Lucas Ventures, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.42 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 4.43 71,700 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 12, 2021 issued to PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.43 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 4.44 825,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 24, 2021, issued to LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.44 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 4.45 275,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 24, 2021, issued to Lucas Ventures, LLC(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.45 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 4.46 135,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 16, 2021, issued to PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021) 4.47 111,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 21, 2021, issued to PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.47 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021) 4.48 66,750 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 22, 2021, issued to Sixth Street Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2022). 4.49 33,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 20, 2021, issued to LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2022). 4.50 56,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 1, 2022, issued to Sixth Street Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2022). 4.51 61,500 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 4, 2022, issued to Sixth Street Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2022). 4.52 61,500 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 21, 2022 issued to Sixth Street Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2022) 4.53 61,500 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 25, 2022 issued to Sixth Street Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 23, 2022) 4.54 35,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 25, 2022 issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.54 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 19, 2022) 4.55 176,471 10 Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated June 9, 2022 issued to Coventry Enterprises, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 19, 2022) 4.56 56,200 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated July 22, 2022 issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 19, 2022) 4.57 45,600 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 18, 2022 issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022) 4.58 66,750 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 21, 2022 issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022) 4.59 45,600 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 24, 2022 issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 on the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022) 4.60 22,000 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 31, 2022, issued to LGH Investments, LLC 4.61 50,900 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 8, 2022 issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC 4.62 30,000 Promissory Note dated January 11, 2023 issued to an accredited individual investor. 4.63 29,700 Convertible Promissory Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 12, 2023 issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC 4.64 28,000 Promissory Note dated February 15, 2023 issued to an accredited individual investor 4.65 30,000 Promissory Note dated March 6, 2023 issued to an accredited individual investor. 10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement and Warrant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2014) 10.2 Form of Subscription Agreement for Series B Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8K filed with the SEC on November 11, 2016) 10.3 Form of Warrant for Series B Stock purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8K filed with the SEC on November 11, 2016) 55 Table of Contents 10.4 Employment Agreement, dated July 13, 2016, between the Company and Judson Bibb (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2016) 10.5 Form of Advisory Board Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2016) 10.6 Agreement of Principal Terms, dated February 21, 2017, between Craftsmen Industries, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2017) 10.7 Agreement dated February 21, 2017, between the Company and Craftsman Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 9, 2017) 10.9 Consulting Agreement with Summit Management Inc. dated December 28, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.72 on the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1A with the SEC on October 25, 2017) 10.10 Agreement of Principal Terms, dated November 7, 2017, between the Company and Jatropha, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2017) 10.11 Judson Bibb representation and acknowledgement, March 7, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.85 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 10.12 Timothy Hassett Employment Agreement dated March 3, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.86 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019) 10.13 Amendment to Agreement in Principal Terms dated November 7, 2017, between the Company and Jatropha, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 10.14 Joint Venture Agreement dated May 7, 2019, between the Company and Belirti Teknoloji, A.S. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 10.15 Joint Venture Agreement dated May 20, 2019, between the Company and Key Options Pty. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 10.16 Strategic Alliance Agreement dated December 16, 2019, between the Company and a consortium of VerdeWatts, LLC and FirmGreen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 10.17 Independent Agent Agreement dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and H K Ventures, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 16.1 Anton and Chia LLP Letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated January 7, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 21.1 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2015 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. _____________ Filed herewith Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Not applicable. 56 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Cool Technologies, Inc. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Timothy Hassett Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Capacity Date /s/ Timothy Hassett Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) April 17, 2023 Timothy Hassett /s/ Judson Bibb Vice-President, Secretary, Interim Chief Financial Officer, and director April 17, 2023 Judson Bibb (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Donald Bowman Director April 17, 2023 Donald Bowman /s/ Christopher McKee Director April 17, 2023 Christopher McKee /s/ Steven Wilburn Director April 17, 2023 Steven Wilburn 57 

<EX-4.60>
 2
 cool_ex460.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 cool_ex460.htm EXHIBIT 4.60 NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. PROMISSORY NOTE Issuance Date: October 31, 2022 Original Principal Amount: 22,000 Note No. WARM-22 Consideration Paid at Close: 20,000 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Cool Technologies, Inc. , a Nevada corporation with a par value of 0.001 per common share Par Value (the " Company "), hereby promises to pay to the order of LGH Investments, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company or registered assigns (the " Holder ") the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion or otherwise, the " Principal ") when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (" Interest ") on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the " Issuance Date ") until the same becomes due and payable, upon the Maturity Date or acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). The Original Principal Amount is 22,000 (twenty-two thousand) plus accrued and unpaid interest and any other fees. The Consideration is 20,000 (twenty thousand) payable by wire transfer (there exists a 2,000 original issue discount (the OID ). The Holder shall pay 20,000 of Consideration upon closing of this Note. (1) GENERAL TERMS (a) Payment of Principal . The " Maturity Date " shall be nine months from the date of each payment of Consideration, as may be extended at the option of the Holder in the event that, and for so long as, an Event of Default (as defined below) shall not have occurred and be continuing on the Maturity Date (as may be extended pursuant to this Section 1) or any event shall not have occurred and be continuing on the Maturity Date (as may be extended pursuant to this Section 1) that with the passage of time and the failure to cure would result in an Event of Default. (b) Interest . A one-time interest charge of eight percent (8 ( Interest Rate shall be applied on the Issuance Date to the Original Principal Amount. Interest hereunder shall be paid on the Maturity Date (or sooner as provided herein) to the Holder or its assignee in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of Notes in cash or converted into Common Stock at the Conversion Price provided the Equity Conditions are satisfied. 1 (c) Security . This Note shall not be secured by any collateral or any assets pledged to the Holder (2) EVENTS OF DEFAULT. (a) An Event of Default , wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): (i) The Company's failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Company's failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder); (ii) A Conversion Failure as defined in section 3(b)(ii) (iii) The Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall commence, or there shall be commenced against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or there is commenced against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of 180 days; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company suffers any appointment of any custodian, private or court appointed receiver or the like for it or any substantial part of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty one (180) days; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall fail to pay, or shall state that it is unable to pay, or shall be unable to pay, its debts generally as they become due; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall by any act or failure to act expressly indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing; or any corporate or other action is taken by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; (iv) The Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall default in any of its obligations under any non-Holder-affiliated, third party, convertible promissory Note or any mortgage, credit agreement, indenture agreement or factoring agreement under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company in an amount exceeding 50,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created; and (v) The Common Stock is suspended or delisted for trading on the Over the Counter OTCQB Venture Marketplace or OTC Pink Open Marketplace (the Primary Market ). (vi) The Company loses its ability to deliver shares via DWAC/FAST electronic transfer. (vii) The Company loses its status as DTC Eligible. 2 (viii) The Company shall become late or delinquent in its filing requirements as a fully-reporting issuer registered with the Securities Exchange Commission. (ix) The Company shall fail to reserve and keep available out of its authorized Common Stock a number of shares equal to at least the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding amounts under this Note. (b) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default that has not been cured within five calendar days, the Outstanding Balance shall immediately increase to 125 of the Outstanding Balance immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default (the Default Effect and a daily penalty of 100 (one hundred) will accrue until the default is remedied. The Default Effect shall automatically apply upon the occurrence of an Event of Default without the need for any party to give any notice or take any other action. In addition, all amounts due and payable under the Note shall, at the election of the holder, accelerate and become immediately due and payable upon notice from the Holder to the Company. (3) CONVERSION OF NOTE . The Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Outstanding Balance into shares of the Company s Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3. (a) Conversion Right . Subject to the provisions of Section 3(c), at any time or times, the Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below) into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3(b), at the Conversion Price (as defined below). The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall be equal to the quotient of dividing the Conversion Amount by the Conversion Price. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer agent fees, legal fees, costs and any other fees or costs that may be incurred or charged in connection with the issuance of shares of the Company s Common Stock to the Holder arising out of or relating to the conversion of this Note. (i) " Conversion Amount " means the portion of the Original Principal Amount and Interest to be converted, plus any penalties, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made. (ii) " Conversion Price " shall equal 0.01 (one) cent. (b) Mechanics of Conversion . (i) Optional Conversion . To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock on any date (a " Conversion Date "), the Holder shall (A) transmit by email, facsimile (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, NY Time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the " Conversion Notice ") to the Company. On or before the third Business Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice (the " Share Delivery Date "), the Company shall (A) if legends are not required to be placed on certificates of Common Stock pursuant to the then existing provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 Rule 144 and provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company's (" DTC ") Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder's or its designee's balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system or (B) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled which certificates shall not bear any restrictive legends unless required pursuant the Rule 144. If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion Amount being converted, then the Company shall, upon request of the Holder, as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock upon the transmission of a Conversion Notice. 3 (ii) Company's Failure to Timely Convert . If within three (3) Trading Days after the Company's receipt of the facsimile or email copy of a Conversion Notice the Company shall fail to issue and deliver to Holder via DWAC/FAST electronic transfer the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such holder's conversion of any Conversion Amount (a " Conversion Failure "), the Original Principal Amount of the Note shall increase by 1,000 per day until the Company issues and delivers a certificate to the Holder or credit the Holder's balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such holder's conversion of any Conversion Amount (under Holder s and Company s expectation that any damages will tack back to the Issuance Date). Company will not be subject to any penalties once its transfer agent processes the shares to the DWAC system. If the Company fails to deliver shares in accordance with the timeframe stated in this Section, resulting in a Conversion Failure, the Holder, at any time prior to selling all of those shares, may rescind any portion, in whole or in part, of that particular conversion attributable to the unsold shares and have the rescinded conversion amount returned to the Outstanding Balance with the rescinded conversion shares returned to the Company (under Holder s and Company s expectations that any returned conversion amounts will tack back to the original date of the Note). (iii) Terms of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any security with any term more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note, then the Company shall notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable term and such term, at Holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder. The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing conversion discounts, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, original issue discounts, stock sale price, private placement price per share, and warrant coverage. Financings in which the Company receives proceeds of one million dollars or greater or excluded from the Terms of Future Financings. (c) Limitations on Conversions or Trading . (i) Beneficial Ownership . The Company shall not effect any conversions of this Note and the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note or receive shares of Common Stock as payment of interest hereunder to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion or receipt of such interest payment, the Holder, together with any affiliate thereof, would beneficially own (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion or receipt of shares as payment of interest. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder, unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof, the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies, the determination of which portion of the principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of this Note that, without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own, would result in the issuance in excess of the permitted amount hereunder, the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date in accordance with Section 3(a) and, any principal amount tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder shall remain outstanding under this Note. In the event that the Market Capitalization of the Company falls below 2,500,000, the term 4.99 above shall be permanently replaced with 9.99 . Market Capitalization shall be defined as the product of (a) the closing price of the Common Stock of the Common stock multiplied by (b) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as reported on the Company s most recently filed Form 10-K or Form 10-Q. The provisions of this Section may be waived by Holder upon not less than 65 days prior written notification to the Company. 4 (ii) Capitalization. So long as this as this Note is outstanding, upon written request of the Holder, the Company shall furnish to the Holder the then-current number of common shares issued and outstanding, the then-current number of common shares authorized, and the then-current number of shares reserved for third parties. (d) Other Provisions . (i) Share Reservation. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Common Stock a number of shares equal the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding amounts under this Note; and within 3 (three) Business Days following the receipt by the Company of a Holder's notice that such minimum number of shares of Common Stock is not so reserved, the Company shall promptly reserve a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to comply with such requirement. (ii) Prepayment. This Note may be prepaid without the written consent of the Holder. (iii) All calculations under this Section 3 shall be rounded up to the nearest 0.00001 or whole share. (iv) Nothing herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 2 herein for the Company's failure to deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief, in each case without the need to post a bond or provide other security. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. (4) REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE . (a) Assignability. The Company may not assign this Note. This Note will be binding upon the Company and its successors and will inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns and may be assigned by the Holder to anyone of its choosing without Company s approval. 5 (b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal. (5) NOTICES . Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party) (iii) upon receipt, when sent by email; or (iv) one (1) Trading Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be those set forth in the communications and documents that each party has provided the other immediately preceding the issuance of this Note or at such other address and/or facsimile number and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) mechanically or electronically generated by the sender's facsimile machine containing the time, date, recipient facsimile number and an image of the first page of such transmission or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively. The addresses for such communications shall be: If to the Company, to: Cool Technologies, Inc 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300 Tampa, FL 33637 If to the Holder: Lucas Hoppel Phone: REDACTED Email: REDACTED 6 (6) APPLICABLE LAW AND VENUE . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to conflicts of laws thereof. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of California or in the federal courts located in the city of San Diego, in the State of California. Both parties and the individuals signing this Agreement agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. (7) WAIVER . Any waiver by the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note. Any waiver must be in writing. (8) LIQUIDATED DAMAGES . Holder and Company agree that in the event Company fails to comply with any of the terms or provisions of this Note, Holder's damages would be uncertain and difficult (if not impossible) to accurately estimate because of the parties' inability to predict future interest rates, future share prices, future trading volumes and other relevant factors. Accordingly, Holder and Company agree that any fees, balance adjustments, default interest or other charges assessed under this Note are not penalties but instead are intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, liquidated damages (under Holder's and Company's expectations that any such liquidated damages will tack back to the Closing Date for purposes of determining the holding period under Rule 144). [Signature Page Follows] 7 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Convertible Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date set forth above. COMPANY: Cool Technologies, Inc. By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Name: Tim Hassett Title: Chief Executive Officer HOLDER: LGH Investments, LLC By: /s/ Lucas Hoppel Name: Lucas Hoppel Title: Managing Member [Signature Page to Convertible Note No. WARM-22] 8 EXHIBIT A CONVERSION NOTICE [Company Contact, Position] [Company Name] [Company Address] [Contact Email Address} The undersigned hereby elects to convert a portion of the ________ Convertible Note _______ issued to Lucas Hoppel on ____________ into Shares of Common Stock of ____________ according to the conditions set forth in such Note as of the date written below. By accepting this notice of conversion, you are acknowledging that the number of shares to be delivered represents less than 10 (ten percent) of the common stock outstanding. If the number of shares to be delivered represents more than 9.99 of the common stock outstanding, this conversion notice shall immediately automatically extinguish and debenture Holder must be immediately notified. Date of Conversion: Conversion Amount: Conversion Price: Shares to be Delivered: Shares delivered in name of: LGH Investments, LLC Signature: 9 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of October 31, 2022, is entered into by and between cool technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation, (the Company ), and LGH Investments, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company (the Buyer ). A. The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ). B. Upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, the Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (i) a Convertible Promissory Note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Note ), in the original principal amount of 22,000.00 (the Original Principal Amount (together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the Note ). NOW THEREFORE , the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 1. Purchase and Sale . On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company (i) the Note in the original principal amount of 22,000. 1.1. Form of Payment . On the Closing Date, (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 20,000 (the Purchase Price for the Securities to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a Company account designated by the Company, in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Securities, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Securities on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. 1.2. Closing Date . The date and time of the issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on or about October 31, 2022, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties. 1.3. Share Reservation . The Company shall at all times require its transfer agent to establish a reserve of shares of its authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Stock in the amount of at least 2,500,000 shares for purposes of conversion of the Note. The Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to agree that it will not reduce the reserve under any circumstances, unless such reduction is pre-approved in writing by the Buyer. 2. Buyer s Investment Representations; Governing Law; Miscellaneous . 2.1 Buyer s Investment Representations . (a) This Agreement is made in reliance upon the Buyer s representation to the Company, which by its acceptance hereof Buyer hereby confirms, that the Securities to be received by it will be acquired for investment for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the sale or distribution of any part thereof, and that it has no present intention of selling, granting participation in, or otherwise distributing the same, but subject nevertheless to any requirement of law that the disposition of its property shall at all times be within its control. 10 (b) The Buyer understands that the Securities are not registered under the 1933 Act, on the basis that the sale provided for in this Agreement and the issuance of securities hereunder is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and that the Company s reliance on such exemption is predicated on the Buyer s representations set forth herein. The Buyer realizes that the basis for the exemption may not be present if, notwithstanding such representations, the Buyer has in mind merely acquiring shares of the Securities for a fixed or determinable period in the future, or for a market rise, or for sale if the market does not rise. The Buyer does not have any such intention. (c) The Buyer understands that the Securities may not be sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of without registration under the 1933 Act or an exemption therefrom, and that in the absence of an effective registration statement covering the Securities or an available exemption from registration under the 1933 Act, the Stock must be held indefinitely. In particular, the Buyer is aware that the Securities may not be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 701 promulgated under the 1933 Act unless all of the conditions of the applicable Rules are met. Among the conditions for use of Rule 144 is the availability of current information to the public about the Company. Such information is not now available, and the Company has no present plans to make such information available. The Buyer represents that, in the absence of an effective registration statement covering the Securities, it will sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Securities only in a manner consistent with its representations set forth herein and then only in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d) hereof. (d) The Buyer agrees that in no event will it make a transfer or disposition of any of the Securities (other than pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act), unless and until (i) the Buyer shall have notified the Company of the proposed disposition and shall have furnished the Company with a statement of the circumstances surrounding the disposition, and (ii) if requested by the Company, at the expense of the Buyer or transferee, the Buyer shall have furnished to the Company either (A) an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer may be made without registration under the 1933 Act or (B) a no action letter from the Securities and Exchange Commission to the effect that the transfer of such securities without registration will not result in a recommendation by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that action be taken with respect thereto. The Company will not require such a legal opinion or no action letter in any transaction in compliance with Rule 144. (e) The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that it is an accredited investor within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 501 of Regulation D, as presently in effect and, for the purpose of Section 25102(f) of the California Corporations Code, he or she is excluded from the count of purchasers pursuant to Rule 260.102.13 thereunder. 11 2.2 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of California or in the federal courts located in San Diego, California. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 2.3 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. 2.4 Headings . The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 2.5 Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. 2.6 Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. 2.7 Notices . Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be deemed effectively given on the earliest of: 2.7.1 the date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor or by e-mail to an executive officer, or by confirmed facsimile, 2.7.2 the fifth Trading Day after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United States Postal Service by registered or certified mail, or 2.7.3 the third Trading Day after mailing by domestic or international express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid, in each case, addressed to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by ten (10) calendar days advance written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto): 12 If to the Company, to: Cool Technologies, Inc. 8875 Hidden River Parkway___________ Suite 300_______________________ Tampa, FL 33637_______________________ If to the Buyer: Lucas Hoppel Email: REDACTED 2.8 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior written consent of the Buyer, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Buyer; provided, however , that in the case of a merger, sale of substantially all of the Company s assets or other corporate reorganization, the Buyer shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay such consent. This Agreement or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Buyer hereunder may be assigned by Buyer to a third party, including its financing sources, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 2.9 Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 2.10 Survival . The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the Closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 2.11 No Strict Construction . The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 13 2.12 Remedies . The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 2.13 Buyer s Rights and Remedies Cumulative . All rights, remedies, and powers conferred in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents on the Buyer are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies, and shall be in addition to every other right, power, and remedy that the Buyer may have, whether specifically granted in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or existing at law, in equity, or by statute; and any and all such rights and remedies may be exercised from time to time and as often and in such order as the Buyer may deem expedient. 2.14 Ownership Limitation . If at any time after the Closing, the Buyer shall or would receive shares of Common Stock in payment of interest or principal under Note, upon exercise of the Warrant, so that the Buyer would, together with other shares of Common Stock held by it or its Affiliates, own or beneficially own by virtue of such action or receipt of additional shares of Common Stock a number of shares exceeding 9.99 of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on such date (the Maximum Percentage ), the Company shall not be obligated and shall not issue to the Buyer shares of Common Stock which would exceed the Maximum Percentage, but only until such time as the Maximum Percentage would no longer be exceeded by any such receipt of shares of Common Stock by the Buyer. The foregoing limitations are enforceable, unconditional and non-waivable and shall apply to all Affiliates and assigns of the Buyer. Attorneys Fees and Cost of Collection . In the event of any action at law or in equity to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, the parties agree that the party who is awarded the most money shall be deemed the prevailing party for all purposes and shall therefore be entitled to an additional award of the full amount of the attorneys fees and expenses paid by such prevailing party in connection with the litigation and/or dispute without reduction or apportionment based upon the individual claims or defenses giving rise to the fees and expenses. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair a court s power to award fees and expenses for frivolous or bad faith pleading. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page to follow] 14 SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: Original Principal Amount of Note: 22,000.00 Purchase Price: 20,000.00 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. THE COMPANY: Cool Technologies, Inc. By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Mr. Tim Hassett Chief Executive Officer THE BUYER: LGH Investments, LLC By: /s/ Lucas Hoppel Lucas Hoppel Managing Member EXHIBIT A NOTE 

</EX-4.60>

<EX-4.61>
 3
 cool_ex461.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 cool_ex461.htm EXHIBIT 4.61 NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. THE ISSUE PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS 50,900.00 THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IS 2,900.00 Principal Amount: 50,900.00 Issue Date: December 8, 2022 Purchase Price: 48,000.00 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE FOR VALUE RECEIVED , COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to the order of 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC , a Virginia limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder the sum of 50,900.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on December 8, 2023 (the Maturity Date ), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of eight percent (8 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22 per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ). Interest shall commence accruing on the Issue Date and shall be payable upon the earlier of prepayment, acceleration, each conversion and the Maturity Date. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. The following terms shall apply to this Note: 1 ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 1.1 Conversion Right . The Holder shall have the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in Article III), each in respect of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the Conversion Price determined as provided herein (a Conversion provided , however , that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder . The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder s option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.4 hereof. 1.2 Conversion Price . The conversion price (the Conversion Price shall equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein) (subject to equitable adjustments by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price" shall mean 71 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 29 ). Market Price means the lowest VWAP (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. VWAP shall mean the daily dollar volume-weighted average sale price for the Common Stock on the Principal Market on any particular Trading Day during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York City Time (or such other time as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official open of trading), and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York City Time (or such other time as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official close of trading), as reported by Bloomberg through its "Volume at Price" functions or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York City Time (or such other time as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official open of trading), and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York City Time (or such other time as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official close of trading), as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the OTCBB or the "pink sheets" by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the holder of the Note. All such determinations of VWAP shall to be appropriately and equitably adjusted in accordance with the provisions set forth herein for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction occurring during any period used to determine the Market Price (or other period utilizing VWAPs). Trading Day shall mean a day on which there is trading on the Principal Market. Principal Market shall mean the OTCBB or such other principal market, exchange or electronic quotation system on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading. 2 1.3 Authorized Shares . The Borrower covenants that during the period the conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved five times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Note in effect from time to time initially 46,251,703 shares)(the Reserved Amount ). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or decreased) from time to time in accordance with the Borrower s obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note. 1.4 Method of Conversion . (a) Mechanics of Conversion . As set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder). 3 (b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. (c) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. (d) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer FAST program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian DWAC system. (e) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline . Without in any way limiting the Holder s right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder 2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 1.4(e) are justified. 4 1.5 Concerning the Shares . The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) Rule 144 or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Any restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel from Holder s counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as Rule 144), at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 1.6 Effect of Certain Events . (a) Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50 of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 5 (b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. (c) Adjustment Due to Distribution . If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 1.7 Prepayment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, at any time during the periods set forth on the table immediately following this paragraph (the Prepayment Periods ), the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on not more than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding Note (principal and accrued interest), in full, in accordance with this Section 1.7. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be not more than three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the Optional Prepayment Date ), the Borrower shall make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to Holder, or upon the direction of the Holder as specified by the Holder in a writing to the Borrower (which shall direction to be sent to Borrower by the Holder at least one (1) business day prior to the Optional Prepayment Date). If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the percentage Prepayment Percentage as set forth in the table immediately following this paragraph opposite the applicable Prepayment Period, multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Section 1.4 hereof (the Optional Prepayment Amount ). If the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the Optional Prepayment Amount due to the Holder of the Note within two (2) business days following the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay the Note pursuant to this Section 1.7. 6 Prepayment Period Prepayment Percentage 1. The period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on the date which is thirty (30) days following the Issue Date. 109 2. The period beginning on the date which is thirty-one (31) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is sixty (60) days following the Issue Date. 114 3. The period beginning on the date which is sixty-one (61) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is ninety (90) days following the Issue Date. 119 4. The period beginning on the date that is ninety-one (91) day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred twenty (120) days following the Issue Date. 124 5. The period beginning on the date that is one hundred twenty-one (121) day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date. 129 After the expiration of one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date, the Borrower shall have no right of prepayment. ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS 2.1 Sale of Assets . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT If any of the following events of default (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 3.1 Failure to Pay Principal and Interest . The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity or upon acceleration and such breach continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice from the Holder. 3.2 Conversion and the Shares . The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an event of default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder. 7 3.3 Breach of Covenants . The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder. 3.4 Breach of Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 3.5 Receiver or Trustee . The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 3.6 Bankruptcy . Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 3.7 Delisting of Common Stock . The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which specifically includes the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange. 3.8 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act . The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 3.9 Liquidation . Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 3.10 Cessation of Operations . Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 8 3.11 Financial Statement Restatement . The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after 180 days after the Issuance Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 3.12 Replacement of Transfer Agent . In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 3.13 Cross-Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other Agreements means, collectively, all agreements and instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate of the Holder, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the term Other Agreements shall not include the related or companion documents to this Note. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in Section 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due at the Maturity Date), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined herein). UPON THE OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUATION OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT AMOUNT (AS DEFINED HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) TWO (2). Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in Sections 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note upon a Trading Market Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7 or upon acceleration), 3.3, 3.4, 3.7, 3.8, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, 3.13, and/or 3.14 exercisable through the delivery of written notice to the Borrower by such Holders (the Default Notice ), and upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified the remaining sections of Articles III (other than failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon at the Maturity Date specified in Section 3,1 hereof), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150 times the sum of (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default Amount and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 9 If the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower remains in default (and so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized shares), to require the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price then in effect. ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 4.2 Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: If to the Borrower, to: COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300 Tampa, Florida 33637 Attn: Timothy Hassett, Chief Executive Officer Fax: Email: Redacted If to the Holder: 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 1800 Diagonal Road, Suite 623 Alexandria VA 22314 Attn: Curt Kramer, Chief Executive Officer e-mail: Redacted 10 4.3 Amendments . This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 4.4 Most Favored Nation . During the period where any monies are owed to the Holder pursuant to this Note, if the Borrower engages in any future financing transactions with a third party investor, the Borrower will provide the Holder with written notice (the MFN Notice thereof promptly but in no event less than 10 days prior to closing any financing transactions. Included with the MFN Notice shall be a copy of all documentation relating to such financing transaction and shall include, upon written request of the Holder, any additional information related to such subsequent investment as may be reasonably requested by the Holder. In the event the Holder determines that the terms of the subsequent investment are preferable to the terms of the securities of the Borrower issued to the Holder pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Holder will notify the Borrower in writing. Promptly after receipt of such written notice from the Holder, the Borrower agrees to amend and restate the Securities (which may include the conversion terms of this Note), to be identical to the instruments evidencing the subsequent investment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.4 shall not apply in respect of (i) an Exempt Issuance, or (ii) an underwritten public offering of Common Stock. Exempt Issuance means the issuance of: (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, consultants, advisors or directors of the Borrower pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of this Note and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date hereof, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Borrower, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company in a business synergistic with the business of the Borrower and in which the Borrower receives benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Borrower is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. 4.5 Assignability . This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities and Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without the consent of the Borrower. 4.6 Cost of Collection . If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees. 11 4.7 Governing Law . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The Holder shall be entitled to recover from the Borrower its reasonable attorney's fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined in Article III hereof. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof or any agreement delivered in connection herewith. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 4.8 Purchase Agreement . By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement. 4.9 Remedies . The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on December 8, 2022 COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Timothy Hassett Chief Executive Officer 12 EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of December 8, 2022 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. Box Checked as to applicable instructions: [ ] The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). Name of DTC Prime Broker: Account Number: [ ] The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214 Great Neck, NY 11021 Attention: Certificate Delivery e-mail: Redacted Date of conversion: Applicable Conversion Price: Number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to conversion of the Notes: Amount of Principal Balance due remaining under the Note after this conversion: 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC By: Name: Curt Kramer Title: President Date: 13 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of December 8, 2022, by and between COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Nevada corporation, with its address at 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300, Tampa, Florida 33637 (the Company ), and 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC , a Virginia limited liability company, with its address at 1800 Diagonal Road, Suite 623, Alexandria, VA 22314 (the Buyer ). WHEREAS: A. The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and B. Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement a convertible note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of 50,900.00 (including 2,900.00 of Original Issue Discount) (together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the Note ), convertible into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note. NOW THEREFORE , the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows: 1. Purchase and Sale of Note. a. Purchase of Note . On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below the Buyer s name on the signature pages hereto. b. Form of Payment . On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Note to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note in the principal amount equal to the Purchase Price as is set forth immediately below the Buyer s name on the signature pages hereto, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. c. Closing Date . Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be 12:00 noon, Eastern Standard Time on or about December 9, 2022, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties. 1 2. Buyer s Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that: a. Investment Purpose . As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the Conversion Shares and, collectively with the Note, the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act. b. Accredited Investor Status . The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited Investor ). c. Reliance on Exemptions . The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. d. Information . The Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. e. Legends . The Buyer understands that the Note and, until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act; or may be sold pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration, the Conversion Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form: "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (2) THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER S TRANSFER AGENT, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS." 2 The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. f. Authorization; Enforcement . This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that: a. Organization and Qualification . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. b. Authorization; Enforcement . (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. 3 c. Capitalization . As of the date hereof, the authorized common stock of the Company consists of 1,000,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, of which 653,514,341 shares are issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. . d. Issuance of Shares . The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its respective terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. e. No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. 4 f. SEC Documents; Financial Statements . The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents ). Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. g. Absence of Certain Changes . Since September 30, 2022, except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. h. Absence of Litigation . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. i. No Integrated Offering . Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. j. No Brokers . The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 5 k. No Investment Company . The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. l. Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company . If the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 4. COVENANTS . a. Best Efforts . The Company shall use its best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 7 of this Agreement. b. Form D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to timely make any filings required by federal and state laws as a result of the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. c. Use of Proceeds . The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes. d. Expenses . At the Closing, the Company s obligation with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is to reimburse Buyer expenses shall be 3,000.00 for Buyer s legal fees and due diligence fee. e. Corporate Existence . So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except with the prior written consent of the Buyer. f. Breach of Covenants . If the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an event of default under Section 3.4 of the Note. g. Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act/Negative Designation Removal . So long as the Note is outstanding, the Company shall comply with the 1934 Act; the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and, if OTCMarkets.com designates the Company as Caveat Emptor or Shell Risk (collectively, Negative Designation ), the Company shall immediately cause OTCMarkets.com to remove such designation. Any Negative Designation shall in any case be removed from OTCMarkets within five (5) days or such failure shall be an Event of Default pursuant to the Note. 6 h. The Buyer is Not a Dealer . The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has not: (i) acted as an underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist; (iii) acted as de facto market maker; or (iv) conducted any other professional market activities such as providing investment advice, extending credit and lending securities in connection; and thus that the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is defined in the 1934 Act. 5. Transfer Agent Instructions . The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the Conversion Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion of the Note in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount as such term is defined in the Note) signed by the successor transfer agent to Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(e) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5, will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and/or this Agreement. If the Buyer provides the Company and the Company s transfer, at the cost of the Buyer, with an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 7 6. Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell . The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. d. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 7. Conditions to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase . The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. b. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note (in such denominations as the Buyer shall request) in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. d. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect to the Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby. 8 e. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. f. No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. g. The Conversion Shares shall have been authorized for quotation on an exchange or electronic quotation system and trading in the Common Stock on such exchange or electronic quotation system shall not have been suspended by the SEC or an exchange or electronic quotation system. h. The Buyer shall have received an officer s certificate described in Section 3(d) above, dated as of the Closing Date. 8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous . a. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury. The Buyer shall be entitled to recover from the Company its reasonable attorney's fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined in Article III of the Note. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note or any related document or agreement by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 9 b. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. c. Headings . The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. d. Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. e. Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in interest of the Buyer. f. Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be as set forth in the heading of this Agreement with a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice) to Naidich Wurman LLP, 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214, Great Neck, NY 11021, Attn: Allison Naidich, facsimile: 516-466-3555, e-mail: Redacted Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address. g. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 10 h. Survival . The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. i. Further Assurances . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. j. No Strict Construction . The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. k. Remedies . The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 11 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Timothy Hassett Chief Executive Officer 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC By: /s/ Curt Kramer Curt Kramer President AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: Aggregate Principal Amount of Note: 50,900.00 Original Issue Discount 2,900.00 Aggregate Purchase Price: 48,000.00 12 

</EX-4.61>

<EX-4.62>
 4
 cool_ex462.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 cool_ex462.htm EXHIBIT 4.62 0 PROMISSORY NOTE Principal Amount: 30,000.00 Tampa, Florida Purchase Price: 30,000.00 January 11th, 2023 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Cool Technologies, Inc., a publicly traded corporation registered in the state of Nevada Borrower having a principal place of business at 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300, Tampa, FL 33637, hereby promises to pay to the order of REDACTED , an individual residing in California, Lender ), the Principal Amount of Thirty Thousand Dollars 30,000.00). 1. The Note shall have an interest rate of zero percent (0 annually. However, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below), the Outstanding Balance of this Note shall bear interest at the lesser of the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, compounding daily and calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, from the date the applicable Event of Default occurred until paid. 2. Borrower promises to pay the Principal Amount of 30,000.00 to Lender on or before the 180th day from the transfer of Purchase Price into Borrower s bank account (per Wire Instructions), when the entire unpaid principal shall be due and payable in full. Payments or other credits are posted to the account when made or received. Payments are not credited until received. Payments received after 5:00 p.m. on any day may be considered as payment on the following business day. 3. Borrower may, at any time, pre-pay this Note, in whole or in part, with such prepayment to a reduction in principal of this Note. 4. Upon the occurrence of a default in the obligations under this Note, the Lender of this Note shall have the option without notice of declaring the principal balance hereof and the interest accrued thereunder immediately due and payable. 5. This Note is unsecured. 6. Should the indebtedness represented by this Note not be paid at maturity or any part thereof be collected at law or in equity or through any bankruptcy (including without limitation any action for relief from the automatic stay, or any bankruptcy proceeding whether or not Lender prevails therein) receivership, probate or other court proceedings or by any judicial or non-judicial foreclosure proceeding or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the Borrower or successors and assigns of this Note jointly and severally agree to pay on demand, in addition to the principal and fee due and payable hereon, reasonable attorneys fees and collection costs and expenses. 7. Borrower and any and all guarantors and sureties, or successors and assigns, of this Note and all other persons liable or to become liable on this Note severally waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of demand and of dishonor and nonpayment of this Note, notice of intention to accelerate the maturity of this Note, protest and notice of protest, diligence in collecting and bringing of suit against any other party and agree to all renewals, extensions, modifications, partial payments, releases or substitutions of security in whole or in part, with or without notice before or after maturity. The pleading of any statute of limitations as a defense to any demand against the makers, guarantors and sureties is expressly waived by each and all such parties to the extent permitted by law. 1 8. This Note may not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification or discharge is sought. 9. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada and shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Borrower and inure to the benefit of Lender, its successors, endorsees, and assigns. AT THE OPTION OF THE LENDER, THIS NOTE MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY FEDERAL COURT OR NEVADA STATE COURT SITTING IN THE STATE OF NEVADA; AND THE BORROWER CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF ANY SUCH COURT AND WAIVES ANY ARGUMENT THAT VENUE IN SUCH FORUMS IS NOT CONVENIENT. IN THE EVENT THE BORROWER COMMENCES ANY ACTION IN ANOTHER JURISDICTION OR VENUE UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY BASED ON, ARISING FROM, OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, THE LENDER AT ITS OPTION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO HAVE THE CASE TRANSFERRED TO ONE OF THE JURISDICTIONS AND VENUES ABOVE DESCRIBED, OR IF SUCH TRANSFER CANNOT BE ACCOMPLISHED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TO HAVE SUCH CASE DISMISSED WITHOUT PREJUDICE. THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING BASED ON, ARISING FROM, OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE AND ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY . /s/ Timothy Hassett Authorized Signatory Date: January 11, 2023 Cool Technologies, Inc. /s/ REDACTED Authorized Signatory Date: January 11, 2023 [COMPANY/INDIVIDUAL] Wire Instructions: Bank Name: Account Name: Swift Code: Routing Number: Account Number: Bank Address: Bank Contact: 2 

</EX-4.62>

<EX-4.63>
 5
 cool_ex463.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 cool_ex463.htm EXHIBIT 4.63 NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. THE ISSUE PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS 29,700.00 THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IS 1,700.00 Principal Amount: 29,700.00 Issue Date: January 12, 2023 Purchase Price: 28,000.00 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE FOR VALUE RECEIVED , COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to the order of 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC , a Virginia limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder the sum of 29,700.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on January 12, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of eight percent (8 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22 per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ). Interest shall commence accruing on the Issue Date and shall be payable upon the earlier of prepayment, acceleration, each conversion and the Maturity Date. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. The following terms shall apply to this Note: 1 ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 1.1 Conversion Right . The Holder shall have the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in Article III), each in respect of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the Conversion Price determined as provided herein (a Conversion provided , however , that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder . The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder s option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.4 hereof. 1.2 Conversion Price . The conversion price (the Conversion Price shall equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein) (subject to equitable adjustments by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price" shall mean 71 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 29 ). Market Price means the lowest VWAP (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. VWAP shall mean the daily dollar volume-weighted average sale price for the Common Stock on the Principal Market on any particular Trading Day during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York City Time (or such other time as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official open of trading), and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York City Time (or such other time as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official close of trading), as reported by Bloomberg through its "Volume at Price" functions or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York City Time (or such other time as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official open of trading), and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York City Time (or such other time as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official close of trading), as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the OTCBB or the "pink sheets" by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the holder of the Note. All such determinations of VWAP shall to be appropriately and equitably adjusted in accordance with the provisions set forth herein for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction occurring during any period used to determine the Market Price (or other period utilizing VWAPs). Trading Day shall mean a day on which there is trading on the Principal Market. Principal Market shall mean the OTCBB or such other principal market, exchange or electronic quotation system on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading. 2 1.3 Authorized Shares . The Borrower covenants that during the period the conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved five times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Note in effect from time to time initially 22,816,901 shares)(the Reserved Amount ). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or decreased) from time to time in accordance with the Borrower s obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note. 1.4 Method of Conversion . (a) Mechanics of Conversion . As set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder). 3 (b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. (c) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. (d) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer FAST program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian DWAC system. (e) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline . Without in any way limiting the Holder s right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder 2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 1.4(e) are justified. 4 1.5 Concerning the Shares . The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) Rule 144 or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Any restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel from Holder s counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as Rule 144), at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 1.6 Effect of Certain Events . (a) Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50 of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 5 (b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. (c) Adjustment Due to Distribution . If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 1.7 Prepayment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, at any time during the periods set forth on the table immediately following this paragraph (the Prepayment Periods ), the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on not more than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding Note (principal and accrued interest), in full, in accordance with this Section 1.7. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be not more than three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the Optional Prepayment Date ), the Borrower shall make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to Holder, or upon the direction of the Holder as specified by the Holder in a writing to the Borrower (which shall direction to be sent to Borrower by the Holder at least one (1) business day prior to the Optional Prepayment Date). If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the percentage Prepayment Percentage as set forth in the table immediately following this paragraph opposite the applicable Prepayment Period, multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Section 1.4 hereof (the Optional Prepayment Amount ). If the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the Optional Prepayment Amount due to the Holder of the Note within two (2) business days following the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay the Note pursuant to this Section 1.7. 6 Prepayment Period Prepayment Percentage 1. The period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on the date which is thirty (30) days following the Issue Date. 109 2. The period beginning on the date which is thirty-one (31) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is sixty (60) days following the Issue Date. 114 3. The period beginning on the date which is sixty-one (61) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is ninety (90) days following the Issue Date. 119 4. The period beginning on the date that is ninety-one (91) day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred twenty (120) days following the Issue Date. 124 5. The period beginning on the date that is one hundred twenty-one (121) day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date. 129 After the expiration of one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date, the Borrower shall have no right of prepayment. ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS 2.1 Sale of Assets . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT If any of the following events of default (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 3.1 Failure to Pay Principal and Interest . The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity or upon acceleration and such breach continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice from the Holder. 3.2 Conversion and the Shares . The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an event of default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder. 7 3.3 Breach of Covenants . The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder. 3.4 Breach of Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 3.5 Receiver or Trustee . The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 3.6 Bankruptcy . Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 3.7 Delisting of Common Stock . The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which specifically includes the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange. 3.8 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act . The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 3.9 Liquidation . Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 8 3.10 Cessation of Operations . Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 3.11 Financial Statement Restatement . The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after 180 days after the Issuance Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 3.12 Replacement of Transfer Agent . In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 3.13 Cross-Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other Agreements means, collectively, all agreements and instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate of the Holder, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the term Other Agreements shall not include the related or companion documents to this Note. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in Section 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due at the Maturity Date), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined herein). UPON THE OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUATION OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT AMOUNT (AS DEFINED HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) TWO (2). Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in Sections 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note upon a Trading Market Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7 or upon acceleration), 3.3, 3.4, 3.7, 3.8, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, 3.13, and/or 3.14 exercisable through the delivery of written notice to the Borrower by such Holders (the Default Notice ), and upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified the remaining sections of Articles III (other than failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon at the Maturity Date specified in Section 3,1 hereof), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150 times the sum of (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default Amount and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 9 If the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower remains in default (and so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized shares), to require the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price then in effect. ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 4.2 Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: If to the Borrower, to: COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300 Tampa, Florida 33637 Attn: Timothy Hassett, Chief Executive Officer Fax: Email: Redacted If to the Holder: 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 1800 Diagonal Road, Suite 623 Alexandria VA 22314 Attn: Curt Kramer, Chief Executive Officer e-mail: Redacted 10 4.3 Amendments . This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 4.4 Most Favored Nation . During the period where any monies are owed to the Holder pursuant to this Note, if the Borrower engages in any future financing transactions with a third party investor, the Borrower will provide the Holder with written notice (the MFN Notice thereof promptly but in no event less than 10 days prior to closing any financing transactions. Included with the MFN Notice shall be a copy of all documentation relating to such financing transaction and shall include, upon written request of the Holder, any additional information related to such subsequent investment as may be reasonably requested by the Holder. In the event the Holder determines that the terms of the subsequent investment are preferable to the terms of the securities of the Borrower issued to the Holder pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Holder will notify the Borrower in writing. Promptly after receipt of such written notice from the Holder, the Borrower agrees to amend and restate the Securities (which may include the conversion terms of this Note), to be identical to the instruments evidencing the subsequent investment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.4 shall not apply in respect of (i) an Exempt Issuance, or (ii) an underwritten public offering of Common Stock. Exempt Issuance means the issuance of: (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, consultants, advisors or directors of the Borrower pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of this Note and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date hereof, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Borrower, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company in a business synergistic with the business of the Borrower and in which the Borrower receives benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Borrower is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. 4.5 Assignability . This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities and Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without the consent of the Borrower. 4.6 Cost of Collection . If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees. 11 4.7 Governing Law . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The Holder shall be entitled to recover from the Borrower its reasonable attorney s fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined in Article III hereof. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof or any agreement delivered in connection herewith. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 4.8 Purchase Agreement . By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement. 4.9 Remedies . The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on January 12, 2023 COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Timothy Hassett Chief Executive Officer 12 EXHIBIT A NOTICE OF CONVERSION The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of January 12, 2023 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. Box Checked as to applicable instructions: [ ] The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). Name of DTC Prime Broker: Account Number: [ ] The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214 Great Neck, NY 11021 Attention: Certificate Delivery e-mail: Redacted Date of conversion: Applicable Conversion Price: Number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to conversion of the Notes: Amount of Principal Balance due remaining under the Note after this conversion: 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC By: Name: Curt Kramer Title: President Date: 13 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of January 12, 2023, by and between COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Nevada corporation, with its address at 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300, Tampa, Florida 33637 (the Company ), and 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC , a Virginia limited liability company, with its address at 1800 Diagonal Road, Suite 623, Alexandria, VA 22314 (the Buyer ). WHEREAS: A. The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and B. Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement a convertible note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of 29,700.00 (including 1,700.00 of Original Issue Discount) (together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the Note ), convertible into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note. NOW THEREFORE , the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows: 1. Purchase and Sale of Note. a. Purchase of Note . On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below the Buyer s name on the signature pages hereto. b. Form of Payment . On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Note to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note in the principal amount equal to the Purchase Price as is set forth immediately below the Buyer s name on the signature pages hereto, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. 1 c. Closing Date . Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be 12:00 noon, Eastern Standard Time on or about January 13, 2023, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties. 2. Buyer s Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that: a. Investment Purpose . As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the Conversion Shares and, collectively with the Note, the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act. b. Accredited Investor Status . The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited Investor ). c. Reliance on Exemptions . The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. d. Information . The Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. e. Legends . The Buyer understands that the Note and, until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act; or may be sold pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration, the Conversion Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form: "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (2) THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER S TRANSFER AGENT, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS." 2 The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. f. Authorization; Enforcement . This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that: a. Organization and Qualification . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. b. Authorization; Enforcement . (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. 3 c. Capitalization . As of the date hereof, the authorized common stock of the Company consists of 1,000,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, of which 671,014,341 shares are issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. . d. Issuance of Shares . The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its respective terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. e. No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. 4 f. SEC Documents; Financial Statements . The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents ). Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. g. Absence of Certain Changes . Since September 30, 2022, except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. h. Absence of Litigation . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. i. No Integrated Offering . Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. j. No Brokers . The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 5 k. No Investment Company . The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. l. Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company . If the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 4. COVENANTS . a. Best Efforts . The Company shall use its best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 7 of this Agreement. b. Form D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to timely make any filings required by federal and state laws as a result of the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. c. Use of Proceeds . The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes. d. Expenses . At the Closing, the Company s obligation with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is to reimburse Buyer expenses shall be 3,000.00 for Buyer s legal fees and due diligence fee. e. Corporate Existence . So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except with the prior written consent of the Buyer. f. Breach of Covenants . If the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an event of default under Section 3.4 of the Note. g. Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act/Negative Designation Removal . So long as the Note is outstanding, the Company shall comply with the 1934 Act; the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and, if OTCMarkets.com designates the Company as Caveat Emptor or Shell Risk (collectively, Negative Designation ), the Company shall immediately cause OTCMarkets.com to remove such designation. Any Negative Designation shall in any case be removed from OTCMarkets within five (5) days or such failure shall be an Event of Default pursuant to the Note. 6 h. The Buyer is Not a Dealer . The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has not: (i) acted as an underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist; (iii) acted as de facto market maker; or (iv) conducted any other professional market activities such as providing investment advice, extending credit and lending securities in connection; and thus that the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is defined in the 1934 Act. 5. Transfer Agent Instructions . The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the Conversion Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion of the Note in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount as such term is defined in the Note) signed by the successor transfer agent to Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(e) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5, will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and/or this Agreement. If the Buyer provides the Company and the Company s transfer, at the cost of the Buyer, with an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 7 6. Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell . The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. d. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 7. Conditions to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase . The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. b. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note (in such denominations as the Buyer shall request) in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. d. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect to the Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby. 8 e. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. f. No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. g. The Conversion Shares shall have been authorized for quotation on an exchange or electronic quotation system and trading in the Common Stock on such exchange or electronic quotation system shall not have been suspended by the SEC or an exchange or electronic quotation system. h. The Buyer shall have received an officer s certificate described in Section 3(d) above, dated as of the Closing Date. 8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous . a. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury. The Buyer shall be entitled to recover from the Company its reasonable attorney's fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined in Article III of the Note. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note or any related document or agreement by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 9 b. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. c. Headings . The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. d. Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. e. Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in interest of the Buyer. f. Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be as set forth in the heading of this Agreement with a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice) to Naidich Wurman LLP, 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214, Great Neck, NY 11021, Attn: Allison Naidich, facsimile: 516-466-3555, e-mail: Redacted Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address. g. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 10 h. Survival . The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. i. Further Assurances . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. j. No Strict Construction . The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. k. Remedies . The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 11 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. COOL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Timothy Hassett Chief Executive Officer 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC By: /s/ Curt Kramer Curt Kramer President AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: Aggregate Principal Amount of Note: 29,700.00 Original Issue Discount 1,700.00 Aggregate Purchase Price: 28,000.00 12 

</EX-4.63>

<EX-4.64>
 6
 cool_ex464.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 cool_ex464.htm EXHIBIT 4.64 0 PROMISSORY NOTE Principal Amount: 28,000.00 Tampa, Florida Purchase Price: 28,000.00 February 15, 2023 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Cool Technologies, Inc., a publicly traded corporation registered in the state of Nevada Borrower having a principal place of business at 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300, Tampa, FL 33637, hereby promises to pay to the order of REDACTED , an individual residing in California, Lender ), the Principal Amount of Twenty Eight Thousand Dollars 28,000.00). 1. The Note shall have an interest rate of zero percent (0 annually. However, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below), the Outstanding Balance of this Note shall bear interest at the lesser of the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, compounding daily and calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, from the date the applicable Event of Default occurred until paid. 2. Borrower promises to pay the Principal Amount of 28,000.00 to Lender on or before the 180th day from the transfer of Purchase Price into Borrower s bank account (per Wire Instructions), when the entire unpaid principal shall be due and payable in full. Payments or other credits are posted to the account when made or received. Payments are not credited until received. Payments received after 5:00 p.m. on any day may be considered as payment on the following business day. 3. Borrower may, at any time, pre-pay this Note, in whole or in part, with such prepayment to a reduction in principal of this Note. 4. Upon the occurrence of a default in the obligations under this Note, the Lender of this Note shall have the option without notice of declaring the principal balance hereof and the interest accrued thereunder immediately due and payable. 5. This Note is unsecured. 6. Should the indebtedness represented by this Note not be paid at maturity or any part thereof be collected at law or in equity or through any bankruptcy (including without limitation any action for relief from the automatic stay, or any bankruptcy proceeding whether or not Lender prevails therein) receivership, probate or other court proceedings or by any judicial or non-judicial foreclosure proceeding or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the Borrower or successors and assigns of this Note jointly and severally agree to pay on demand, in addition to the principal and fee due and payable hereon, reasonable attorneys fees and collection costs and expenses. 7. Borrower and any and all guarantors and sureties, or successors and assigns, of this Note and all other persons liable or to become liable on this Note severally waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of demand and of dishonor and nonpayment of this Note, notice of intention to accelerate the maturity of this Note, protest and notice of protest, diligence in collecting and bringing of suit against any other party and agree to all renewals, extensions, modifications, partial payments, releases or substitutions of security in whole or in part, with or without notice before or after maturity. The pleading of any statute of limitations as a defense to any demand against the makers, guarantors and sureties is expressly waived by each and all such parties to the extent permitted by law. 1 8. This Note may not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification or discharge is sought. 9. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada and shall be upon the successors and assigns of Borrower and inure to the benefit of Lender, its successors, endorsees, and assigns. AT THE OPTION OF THE LENDER, THIS NOTE MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY FEDERAL COURT OR NEVADA STATE COURT SITTING IN THE STATE OF NEVADA; AND THE BORROWER CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF ANY SUCH COURT AND WAIVES ANY ARGUMENT THAT VENUE IN SUCH FORUMS IS NOT CONVENIENT. IN THE EVENT THE BORROWER COMMENCES ANY ACTION IN ANOTHER JURISDICTION OR VENUE UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY BASED ON, ARISING FROM, OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, THE LENDER AT ITS OPTION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO HAVE THE CASE TRANSFERRED TO ONE OF THE JURISDICTIONS AND VENUES ABOVE DESCRIBED, OR IF SUCH TRANSFER CANNOT BE ACCOMPLISHED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TO HAVE SUCH CASE DISMISSED WITHOUT PREJUDICE. THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING BASED ON, ARISING FROM, OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE AND ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY . / s/ Timothy Hassett Authorized Signatory Date: February 15, 2023 Cool Technologies, Inc. /s/ REDACTED Authorized Signatory Date: February 15, 2023 [COMPANY/INDIVIDUAL] Wire Instructions: Bank Name: Account Name: Swift Code: Routing Number: Account Number: Bank Address: Bank Contact: 2 

</EX-4.64>

<EX-4.65>
 7
 cool_ex465.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 cool_ex465.htm EXHIBIT 4.65 0 PROMISSORY NOTE Principal Amount: 30,000.00 Tampa, Florida Purchase Price: 30,000.00 March 6, 2023 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Cool Technologies, Inc., a publicly traded corporation registered in the state of Nevada Borrower having a principal place of business at 8875 Hidden River Parkway, Suite 300, Tampa, FL 33637, hereby promises to pay to the order of REDACTED , an individual residing in California, Lender ), the Principal Amount of Thirty Thousand Dollars 30,000.00). 1. The Note shall have an interest rate of zero percent (0 annually. However, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below), the Outstanding Balance of this Note shall bear interest at the lesser of the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, compounding daily and calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, from the date the applicable Event of Default occurred until paid. 2. Borrower promises to pay the Principal Amount of 30,000.00 to Lender on or before the 180th day from the transfer of Purchase Price into Borrower s bank account (per Wire Instructions), when the entire unpaid principal shall be due and payable in full. Payments or other credits are posted to the account when made or received. Payments are not credited until received. Payments received after 5:00 p.m. on any day may be considered as payment on the following business day. 3. Borrower may, at any time, pre-pay this Note, in whole or in part, with such prepayment to a reduction in principal of this Note. 4. Upon the occurrence of a default in the obligations under this Note, the Lender of this Note shall have the option without notice of declaring the principal balance hereof and the interest accrued thereunder immediately due and payable. 5. This Note is unsecured. 6. Should the indebtedness represented by this Note not be paid at maturity or any part thereof be collected at law or in equity or through any bankruptcy (including without limitation any action for relief from the automatic stay, or any bankruptcy proceeding whether or not Lender prevails therein) receivership, probate or other court proceedings or by any judicial or non-judicial foreclosure proceeding or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the Borrower or successors and assigns of this Note jointly and severally agree to pay on demand, in addition to the principal and fee due and payable hereon, reasonable attorneys fees and collection costs and expenses. 7. Borrower and any and all guarantors and sureties, or successors and assigns, of this Note and all other persons liable or to become liable on this Note severally waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of demand and of dishonor and nonpayment of this Note, notice of intention to accelerate the maturity of this Note, protest and notice of protest, diligence in collecting and bringing of suit against any other party and agree to all renewals, extensions, modifications, partial payments, releases or substitutions of security in whole or in part, with or without notice before or after maturity. The pleading of any statute of limitations as a defense to any demand against the makers, guarantors and sureties is expressly waived by each and all such parties to the extent permitted by law. 1 8. This Note may not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification or discharge is sought. 9. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada and shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Borrower and inure to the benefit of Lender, its successors, endorsees, and assigns. AT THE OPTION OF THE LENDER, THIS NOTE MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY FEDERAL COURT OR NEVADA STATE COURT SITTING IN THE STATE OF NEVADA; AND THE BORROWER CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF ANY SUCH COURT AND WAIVES ANY ARGUMENT THAT VENUE IN SUCH FORUMS IS NOT CONVENIENT. IN THE EVENT THE BORROWER COMMENCES ANY ACTION IN ANOTHER JURISDICTION OR VENUE UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY BASED ON, ARISING FROM, OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, THE LENDER AT ITS OPTION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO HAVE THE CASE TRANSFERRED TO ONE OF THE JURISDICTIONS AND VENUES ABOVE DESCRIBED, OR IF SUCH TRANSFER CANNOT BE ACCOMPLISHED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TO HAVE SUCH CASE DISMISSED WITHOUT PREJUDICE. THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING BASED ON, ARISING FROM, OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE AND ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY . /s/ Timothy Hassett Authorized Signatory Date: March 6, 2023 Cool Technologies, Inc. /s/ REDACTED Authorized Signatory Date: March 6, 2023 [COMPANY/INDIVIDUAL] Wire Instructions: Bank Name: Account Name: Swift Code: Routing Number: Account Number: Bank Address: Bank Contact: 2 

</EX-4.65>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 cool_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cool_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Timothy Hassett, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cool Technologies, Inc (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Timothy Hassett Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 cool_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cool_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Judson Bibb, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cool Technologies, Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 2. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting . Dated: April 17, 2023 By /s/ Judson Bibb Judson Bibb Interim Chief Financial Officer (Interim Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 cool_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cool_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Cool Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Hassett, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Timothy Hassett Timothy Hassett Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 cool_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cool_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Cool Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Judson Bibb, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Judson Bibb Judson Bibb Interim Chief Financial Officer (Interim Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 cool-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 cool-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cool-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 cool-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

