<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230626_10-K_edgar_data_1702015_0001599916-23-000150.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1768590</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>85433</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>403634</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>417582</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>329760</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>494237</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001599916-23-000150.hdr.sgml : 20230626
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230626142455
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001599916-23-000150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230626
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230626

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AIS Holdings Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001702015
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				364877329
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55769
		FILM NUMBER:		231041644

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2-41-7-336, SHINSAKAE, NAKA-KU
		CITY:			NAGOYA-SHI, AICHI
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			460-0007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		81-50-5327-4459

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2-41-7-336, SHINSAKAE, NAKA-KU
		CITY:			NAGOYA-SHI, AICHI
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			460-0007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIS Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Superb Acquisition, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170327

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001599916-23-000150.txt : 20230626

10-K
 1
 ais10k_23o.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

FOR THE
FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

 OR 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

2-41-7-336, Shinsakae 
 Naka-ku Nagoya-shi, Aichi, Japan 
 460-0007 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Securities to be registered under Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

 Securities to be registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange on which 
 registered 

Common Stock, 0.0001 
 
 None, however quoted by the OTC Markets Group under the ticker AIDG 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

As of September 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s
second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting
that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) was approximately 0. 

As of June 26, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 AIS HOLDINGS
GROUP, INC. 

PART I 

PAGE 

Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

Item 1 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 4 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 4 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 4 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 4 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 4 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 4 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 5 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 5 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 5 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F1-F9 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 6 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 6 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 6 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 7 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 8 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 9 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 9 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 9 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 10 

Signatures 
 
 10 

Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, which address activities,
events, or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures,
commencement of business operations, business strategy, and other similar matters are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expect, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, 
or continue, or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our current expectations
and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are subject
to many risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those expressed
in the forward-looking statements. In light of these risks and uncertainties, all of the forward-looking statements made herein are qualified
by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by us will be realized.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements contained herein. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Corporate History 

The Company was originally incorporated with the name
Superb Acquisition, Inc., under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 30, 2017, with an objective to acquire, or merge with, an
operating business. On June 18, 2017, Thomas DeNunzio of 780 Reservoir Avenue, #123, Cranston, RI 02910, the previous sole shareholder
of Superb Acquisition, Inc. entered into and consummated a Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Takehiro Abe.,
with an address at 2-41-7-336, Shinsakae, Naka-ku Nagoya-shi, Aichi, 460-0007, Japan. Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. DeNunzio transferred
to Takehiro Abe 20,000,000 shares of our common stock, which represented all of our issued and outstanding shares in consideration of
 34,900. 

In regards to the above transaction, the shares were
sold pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Regulation S since the sale of common stock was
made to a non-U.S. person (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to offshore transactions, and no directed
selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting
on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

Following the closing of the share purchase transaction,
Takehiro Abe gained a 100 interest in the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and became the controlling shareholder of
the Company. 

On June 18, 2017, Mr. Thomas DeNunzio resigned as
our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. The resignation was not the result of any disagreement with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies or
practices. 

On June 18, 2017, Mr. Takehiro Abe was appointed as
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. 

On June 20, 2017, the Company filed with the
Delaware Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment to change the name of Registrant to AIS Holdings Group, Inc. On October 25,
2017, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement with Takehiro Abe. Pursuant
to this Agreement, on October 25, 2017 Takehiro Abe transferred to AIS Holdings Group, Inc., 100 shares of the common stock of AIS
Japan Co., Ltd., a Japan corporation AIS Japan ), which represents all of its issued and outstanding shares, in
consideration of 1,000,000 JPY. 

Following the effective date of the share purchase
transaction above on October 25, 2017, AIS Holdings Group, Inc. gained a 100 interest in the issued and outstanding shares of AIS Japan s
common stock and AIS Japan became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company is now the controlling and sole shareholder of
AIS Japan. 

On February 28, 2018, AIS Japan purchased software
for a cryptocurrency trading platform Software Platform Package from GL Co., Ltd. in the amount of 2,000,000 JPY (approximately
 18,000). AIS Japan intends to provide IT development services pertaining to the Software Platform Package to companies focused on the
digital currency industry throughout Japan. 

On April 1, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement
with Trend Rich Global Limited to lease the Company s Software System package. The Software System Package is source code that can
be expanded upon to create custom websites for clients in the digital currency industry. 

On August 16, 2018, AIS Japan Co., Ltd., our wholly
owned subsidiary, entered into a Software Development Agreement (the Agreement with GL Co., Ltd., whereas GL Co., Ltd.
will improve upon the Company s existing Software Platform Package which is owned by AIS Japan. The fee to further develop the software
is in the amount of 5,000,000 JPY (approximately 45,000). 

In September, 2019, Takehiro Abe, our controlling
shareholder, entered into stock purchase agreements with 34 shareholders. Pursuant to these agreements, Takehiro Abe sold a total of 1,800,000
shares of common stock to these individuals and received 54,000 as aggregate consideration. Each shareholder paid 0.03 USD per share.
These shares were sold pursuant to the Company s effective S-1 Registration Statement deemed effective on July 15, 2019 at 4 pm
EST. 

On March 6, 2020, the agreement between the Company
and GL Co., Ltd. was deemed to have been completed. GL Co., Ltd. successfully improved the software system s administration system,
as well as user system, in ways which were deemed to be acceptable and complete by the Company, and the ongoing services of GL Co., Ltd.
were deemed to no longer be required. 

On April 1, 2020, the Company and Trend Rich Global
Limited mutually agreed to alter the monthly fees charged to Trend Rich Global Limited by the Company. All material components of the
initial agreement entered into on April 1, 2018 remained unaltered, but the monthly basic fee was reduced from 8,000 to 3,600. The agreement
was again amended in August 2022. See below. 

On August 1, 2022, the Company and Trend Rich Global
Limited mutually agreed to alter the monthly fees charged to Trend Rich Global Limited by the Company. All material components of the
initial agreement entered into on April 1, 2018 remained unaltered, but the monthly basic fee was reduced from 3,600 to 2,000. 

Overview 

We are a start-up stage company with a fiscal year
end of March 31. Effective February 28, 2018, our wholly owned subsidiary, which we operate exclusively through at this time, AIS Japan,
purchased a Software Platform Package, from GL Co., Ltd. in the amount of 2,000,000 JPY (approximately 18,000). 

The Software Platform Package is source
code, intended to be used as a baseline which can be expanded upon to create third party websites for companies in the cryptocurrency
industry. The Company currently, and intends to continue to, lease out the source code, known as the Software Platform Package ,
to third parties. Additionally, we offer supplementary IT services to alter the source code in order to add additional features, at the
request of clients, for additional fees which may vary depending on the scope of the changes. 

Source code is the set of instructions and statements
written by a programmer using a computer programming language. This code is later translated into machine language by a compiler. The
translated code is referred to as object code. 

References to our source code throughout
are synonymous with our Software Platform Package , Software System Package and Cryptocurrency Trading
Platform . They are all one in the same. 

- 1- 

Table of Contents 

Primary Business Activity 

Our principal business activity revolves around the
development and licensing of our Software Platform Package. Given that it is possible to customize the Software Platform Package to the
specifications set by our potential customers, we will detail herein the base model (without customization) that exemplifies the standard
website one can create through the use of our Software Platform Package. On their created website clients will be greeted with a variety
of features and functions that are relevant to the current digital currency market. While we have several features implemented at present,
it is important to note that our software is still in ongoing development and certain features may change and/or be removed entirely if
necessary. 

Our pricing policies are not fixed at this time, as
we evaluate pricing on a case-by-case basis. At present, our Software Platform Package allows for users of our clients websites
to create their own log in information and customizable profile that displays their full name and username. On their profile they are
able to view user agreements such as the terms and conditions of use and for added security they will be able to opt into two factor authentication.
The security feature utilizes the Google authenticator for android and iOS, and users are able to opt in and out of this additional security
verification. 

Note : Coins refer to digital
tokens, also referred to herein as cryptocurrency . These items have no physical tangible value. A cryptocurrency wallet
is a software program that stores private and public keys and interacts with various blockchain to enable users to send and receive digital
currency and monitor their balance. If you want to use Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency, you will need to have a digital wallet. A
blockchain is a digitized, decentralized, public ledger of all cryptocurrency transactions. ICO is synonymous with Initial Coin Offering. 

For each client website created with our Software
Platform Package there are three main components: A cryptocurrency wallet, a cryptocurrency exchange, and an ICO tab to view current
ICOs. The cryptocurrency wallet will enable users to deposit and withdraw digital coins, as well as view their current cryptocurrency
balance at any time. Additionally, users will be able to send coins to others, view current news, announcements and ongoing ICOs. 

In the cryptocurrency exchange tab of websites created
with our Software Platform Package, users are, and will be, able to view live updated exchange rates for various cryptocurrencies, place
both buy and sell orders for various cryptocurrencies (at present this is limited to ETH and BTC, but we have intentions to add additional
cryptocurrencies over time) and view their open orders. Users have the ability to view their order list where they can see the amount
of cryptocurrencies exchanged, whether it was bought or sold, and at what value. In this same section of the website users are able to
make deposits into their account, look at a live trade view complete with transaction history, as well as their trade history. 

On the ICO tab of websites created with the Software
Platform Package users are able to view a list of ongoing ICOs. However, in no way will the Company be acting as a conduit, or a broker
to sell any digital coins of any party. 

As our software further develops, we may increase
the number of features available to users, remove certain features, or alter their functionality in material ways. As such, all of the
aforementioned features of the Software Platform Package should be viewed in light of the fact that development is ongoing. During the
March 31, 2023 fiscal year end, there was no change to the menu or functions of the Software Platform Package. 

Rules and Regulations - Japan 

The following are rules and regulations in Japan regarding
cryptocurrency, that we believe may, in some capacity, impact our business. It should be noted that we believe our current and planned
business operations and services do not conflict with the rules or regulations in Japan, and the Company does not need any governmental
approval to conduct its business activities, due to the fact that the Company s business is limited to IT development and IT consulting
services. Our clients will need to comply with any and all government regulations pertaining to businesses in the cryptocurrency
industry. In accordance with the Payment Services Act, amended on May 17, 2018, specifically Article 63-2 No person may engage
in the Virtual Currency Exchange Service unless the person is registered with the Prime Minister. Additionally, Articles 63-3 and
63-4 in the Payment Services Act detail the procedures that must be followed to apply for registration with the prime minister and to
register as a virtual currency provider. In accordance with the Amended Payment Services Act, the cryptocurrency exchange service is defined
as follows: 

(i) purchase
and sale of a cryptocurrency or exchange with another cryptocurrency; 

 (ii) intermediary,
brokerage or agency services for the act set forth in the preceding item; and 

 (iii) management
of users' money or cryptocurrency, carried out by persons in connection with their acts set forth in the preceding two items. 

While these regulations do not specifically pertain
to our business, as we do not operate a cryptocurrency exchange, we believe that such regulations will be relevant for our current and
future clients. Should regulations evolve and become more burdensome or costly, it is possible that the cryptocurrency industry overall
will suffer, and as such our own business, which caters to this industry, will also be negatively impacted in as of yet unforeseen ways. 

In October 2018, Japan s Financial Services
Agency FSA granted the cryptocurrency industry self-regulatory status, permitting the Japan Virtual Currency Exchange
Association JVCEA to police and sanction exchanges for any violations. The
FSA approval gives the JVCEA rights to set rules to safeguard customer assets, prevent money laundering, and provide operational guidelines.
The JVCEA will also be responsible for policing compliance with all imposed regulations. The JVCEA describes
its duties as inspecting the security of crypto exchanges in Japan, as well other specific tasks like
assessing tokens issued in an ICO. The Company believes that there is no direct impact on our business by this self-regulatory
status because the Company does not intend to operate any exchange and issue any token. However, if the guidelines and regulations imposed
by the JVCEA prove to be too burdensome for many potential market entrants to comply with, then the number of our potential clients will
most likely decrease accordingly. 

- 2- 

Table of Contents 

Consultation Services 

At present, our Chief Executive Officer, Takehiro
Abe, intends to offer consulting services to clients who are seeking to better understand, or improve the effectiveness of, their ICOs.
Mr. Abe has experience assisting with the creation of ICOs, such as for the cryptocurrency called the FTV Token created on Ethereum, and
intends to advise clients based on his own first-hand experiences in the industry. As part of his role as an IT consultant to the Company
that conducted the ICO for the FTV Token, Mr. Abe was responsible for the creation of the ERC20 (a technical standard used for smart contracts
to implement tokens on Ethereum), providing support for the creation of the coin s white paper, and assisting with the development
of an the ICO. At present, the ICO of FTV Token has concluded. Additionally, Mr. Abe also has supported the creation of a smart contract
on Ethereum for KeyToken, a cryptocurrency. 

Mr. Abe was also subcontracted to advise the creators
of MIKS Coin and APC Token about the ICO process. Mr. Abe has no ongoing relationship with either MIKS Coin and APC Token, and subsequent
to answering any and all of the creators questions, he no longer provides any services to them and does not have any knowledge
of the current status of their ICOs. 

Mr. Abe primarily assisted both the Key Token
and FTV Token during preparation for their ICOs by defining user requirements, providing oversight of engineering, and progress
management. Mr. Abe hopes that through his industry experience he will be able to assist companies seeking to conduct their own ICO.
At the present time, no pricing policies have been set regarding his consulting services, nor has he determined the extent to which
he intends to consult clients. However, we believe that this service will vary on a case-by-case basis per the specific needs of
each client. To reiterate again, however, the Company and Mr. Abe will not be acting as a conduit, or a broker to sell any digital
coins of any party and the Company will not be operating any kind of cryptocurrency exchange, nor is Mr. Abe conducting any ICOs.
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we did not have any clients for our consultation services. 

Software (Website) Creation 

As mentioned previously, we have a Software
Platform Package which is source code intended to be used as a baseline, which can be expanded upon, to create third party websites
for companies in the cryptocurrency industry. To create these websites, for third parties using our Software Platform package, and to
add additional elements not included in our existing software platform package, we intend to hire third party contractors to perform these
IT services. We will vet out such contractors on a case-by-case basis. 

Cyber Security 

Our Software Platform Package is source
code intended to be used as a baseline, which can be expanded upon, to create third party websites for companies in the cryptocurrency
industry. 

Third party websites created with our source code
are not hosted on any servers owned by our Company. We do not host any website content, nor do we own any website servers. Clients will,
and currently do, utilize their own discretion as to what service provider(s) will host their websites. As a result, any security measures
are, in our opinion, the responsibility of our clients. We currently require existing clients, and will continue to require future clients,
to sign a release of liability regarding any security breaches of client websites utilizing our source code. Our source code does have
built in features to minimize the possibility of hacking, but we do not make any assurances or guarantees that such measures will be sufficient
for our clients websites. These security features include, but are not limited to, providing users the ability to login with two
factor authentication to reduce the chance of a breach of a user s account password or info. The security feature utilizes the Google
authenticator for android and iOS, and users are able to opt in and out of this additional security verification. Clients may add additional
security measures to their own websites as seen fit and at their own discretion. 

Regarding delivery of our Software Platform Package,
we provide the source code to clients via a media disk whereas the source code can be copied onto the client computer. We believe this
is more secure than email or comparable methods. 

Custody 

Our source code is not protected by any trademarks,
patents, or provisions. However, we have clients who lease our source code sign a waiver stating they will not sell, share, or redistribute
the source code Software Platform Package we provide them to create their own third-party websites. 

Our clients websites, including those developed
using our Software System Platform (source code), are owned entirely by the client(s). 

Marketing Plan 

Our marketing plan, at present, is not yet complete
and is still being researched and developed. At present, our Company has been marketed solely through direct sales efforts by our Chief
Executive Officer. These efforts have been constrained to marketing directly to the personal and professional acquaintances of our Chief
Executive Officer. 

We have as of yet undeveloped plans to further market
our Software Platform Package online via social media and other relevant industry related websites and message boards. At present we do
not have specific plans for the implementation of our marketing plan, the extent to which we will require capital for our marketing efforts,
or when we will commence with the implementation of our pending marketing plan. There has been no progress on the development of our marketing
plan during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Future Plans 

Our future plans, at present, are constrained to
finalizing the details of our services and our Software System Package. We intend to develop pricing policies and strategies for the
implementation of all the services we have detailed herein including the lease of our Software Platform Package. However, we do not
have a specific timeline in place for how long it will take us to finalize such plans. Subsequent to finalizing our services, and
our pricing, we will begin exploring methods through which we can begin to effectively market our services and our Software Platform
Package. We also intend to hire additional employees, but we have no plans in place regarding the criteria for future staff members
at this point in time. Our efforts to finalize a marketing plan and begin to hire additional employees will be an ongoing process.
Our future plans are the same as those disclosed in our annual report for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, as we were not able
to achieve these plans during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Properties 

Our principal executive offices are located at 2-41-7-336,
Shinsakae, Naka-ku Nagoya-shi, Aichi, 460-0007, Japan. This property is rented by our Chief Executive Officer and is provided to the Company
free of charge. 

Employees 

Currently, we have one full time employee and,
through our subsidiary AIS Japan Co., LTD, one part time employee. Our full-time employee is our Chief Executive Officer Mr.
Takehiro Abe. He currently, and intends to continue to, devote 40 hours per week to the Company. Our part time employee works on an
hourly basis without benefits. We have tentative plans to hire additional employees on a need be basis however those plans are not
definitive or defined in detail. 

- 3- 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our principal executive offices are located at
2-41-7-336, Shinsakae, Naka-ku Nagoya-shi, Aichi, 460-0007, Japan. This property is rented by our Chief Executive Officer and is
provided to the Company free of charge. We do not currently own any properties and we believe that, at present, our office space, is
adequate to sustain our current level of operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become party to litigation
or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in legal
proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results
of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC MarketPlace
under the ticker symbol AIDG. The Company does not have an established market price per share for its common stock. 

Holders 

As of June 26, 2023, we have 35 shareholders of record
of our common stock and 20,000,000 shares of common stock deemed issued and outstanding. 

Dividends and Share Repurchases 

We have not paid any dividends to our shareholder.
There are no restrictions which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity or that are likely to do so in the future. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Not applicable. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Uses of
Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Not applicable. 

- 4- 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

As a smaller reporting company , we are
not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans,
objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, 
 project, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, 
 plan, may, will, would, will be, will continue, will
likely result, and similar expressions. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for
forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement for purposes
of complying with those safe-harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are
subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability
to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse
effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions,
legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These
risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on
such statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our cash balance is 2,977 as of March 31, 2023. Our
cash balance is not sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations for any period of time. We have been utilizing and may utilize
funds from Takehiro Abe, our sole Director who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay for operating fees, and professional
fees. Takehiro Abe, however, has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. In order
to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve-month period, we require further funding. Being a start-up stage company, we have
very limited operating history. After a twelve-month period, we may need additional financing but currently do not have any arrangements
for such financing. 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company has 75,576
due to related party, Mr. Takehiro Abe, our sole officer and director. The amount is unsecured, due on demand and
non-interest bearing. The purpose of this loan was for payment of operating expenses. 

We are a start-up company and have generated
nominal revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023. We believe we will need to generate additional revenues to cover our costs and
expenses as a first priority. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses, long term financing will be
required to fully implement our business plan. If we need additional cash and cannot raise it, we will either have to suspend
operations until we do raise the cash we need, or cease operations entirely. 

Net Loss 

We recorded a net loss of 12,993 for the year
ended March 31, 2023, as opposed to a net loss of 10,359 for the year ended March 31, 2022. We believe this is attributable to a
decrease in other income for the year ended March 31, 2023 when compared to the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Going Concern 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company has
generated minimal income from operations, which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company s management plans to engage in very limited activities without incurring any liabilities that must be satisfied in
cash until a more stable source of funding is secured. The Company will offer noncash consideration and seek equity lines as a means of
financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue- producing contracts or financing, or if the revenue or financing
it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur, it may substantially curtail or terminate its operations or
seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances, acquisitions or other arrangements that may dilute the interests of existing
stockholders. These conditions and uncertainties raise substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company , we are
not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

- 5- 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

AIS
HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Pages 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB FIRM ID 
 
 F2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F4 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F7-F9 

- F1- 

Table of Contents 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 AIS
Holdings Group, Inc. 

 Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AIS Holdings Group, Inc. (the
Company) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, shareholders 
deficit, and cash flows for each of the yea rs
in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended March 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Going
Concern 

 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has suffered a net loss from operations and has a capital deficiency,
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are
also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB . 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
 The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

 Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and the significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical
Audit Matter 

 The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical
audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which
it relates. 

 Going
Concern 

 As
discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a going concern due to a negative working capital and losses
from operations which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

 Auditing
management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on future revenues and expenses, which are difficult to substantiate. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information along with management s
plans to mitigate the going concern and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 

June
26, 2023 

- F2- 

Table of Contents 

AIS HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of 
 
 As of 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, trade 

Prepaid expenses 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Due to related party 

Accrued receipts 
 
 - 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Shareholders' Deficit 

Preferred stock par value, shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding as of as of March 31, 2023 and 2022) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- F3- 

Table of Contents 

AIS HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Revenues 

OPERATING
 EXPENSE 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Other
 Income (Expense) 

Other
 income 
 
 - 

Interest
 expenses 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

NET
 LOSS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

OTHER
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

TOTAL
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

BASIC
 AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

WEIGHTED
 AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING, BASIC AND DILUTED 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

-
F4 - 

Table of Contents 

AIS
HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

ACCUMULATED 

ADDITIONAL 
 
 OTHER 

COMMON
 STOCK 
 
 PAID
 IN 
 
 COMPREHENSIVE 
 
 ACCUMULATED 
 
 TOTAL 

NUMBER 
 
 AMOUNT 
 
 CAPITAL 
 
 INCOME
 (LOSS) 
 
 DEFICIT 
 
 DEFICIT 

Balance
 - March 31, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Imputed
 Interests 
 -

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss 
 -

- 

- 

- 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation 
 -

- 

- 

- 

Balance
 - March 31, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 

Imputed
 Interests 
 -

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss 
 -

- 

- 

- 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation 
 -

- 

- 

- 

Balance
 - March 31, 2023 

) 
 
 ) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

-
F5 - 

Table
of Contents 

AIS
HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Imputed interest 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

- 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 ) 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 ) 

Accrued receipts 
 
 ) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from due to related party 

Repayment
 of due to related party 
 
 - 

) 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

) 

Net
 effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net
 Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 ) 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest
 paid 
 
 - 

- 

Income
 taxes paid 
 
 - 

- 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

-
F6 - 

Table of Contents 

 AIS
HOLDINGS group, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March 31, 2023 AND 2022 

- F8 - 

Table of Contents 

as of March 31, 2023 as compared to March 31, 2022 which was . 

On April 5, 2022, the Company refunded accrued receipt
of to one customer. 

United States 

AIS Holdings Group, Inc., which acts as a holding
company on a non-consolidated basis, does not plan to engage any business activities and current or future loss will be fully allowed.
For the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, AIS Holdings Group, Inc., as a holding company registered in the state of Delaware,
has incurred net loss and, therefore, has no tax liability. The net deferred tax asset generated by the loss carry forward has been fully
reserved. 

NOTE
6 - SHAREHOLDER EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 

The authorized preferred stock of the Company consists
of 20,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.0001. The Company had no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023
and 2022. 

Common Stock 

The authorized common stock of the Company consists
of 500,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.0001. There were 20,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023
and 2022. 

The Company did not have any potentially dilutive
instruments as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and thus anti-dilution issues are not applicable. 

Additional paid-in capital 

For the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the
Company had imputed interest of 
and , respectively. 

and , respectively, from Takehiro Abe, CEO of the Company. For the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
repaid and , respectively, to Takehiro Abe. The total due as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively,
and were unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing. 

For the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had imputed interest of 5,300 and 7,516. 

The Company utilizes home office space and equipment
of our management at no cost. Management estimates such amounts to be immaterial. 

and ,
respectively. 

Concentration of Revenues 

Gross revenues from customers accounting for 10 or
more of total revenues are as follows: 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, 57.1 of the revenue
was generated from one customer whose name was Trend Rich Global Limited in the amount of . 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, 42.9 of the revenue
was generated from one customer whose name was Trade Link Japan in the amount of . 

For the year ended March 31, 2022, 100 of the revenue
was generated from one customer whose name was Trend Rich Global Limited in the amount of . 

 . 

- F9 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company has adopted and maintains disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed under
the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is collected, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules of the SEC. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required under Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, our Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as our Principal Financial Officer, has
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Principal Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures are ineffective. 

Our Chief Executive Officer and sole director, Takehiro
Abe, has reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the
Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by the report March 31, 2023 and has concluded that (i) the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission, and (ii) the
Company s controls and procedures have not been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including
its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management
and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Management conducted an
assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on the assessment,
management concluded that, as of March 31, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is ineffective based on
those criteria. 

The Company s management, including its Chief
Executive Officer who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
and its internal control processes will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of error or fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that the breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
 Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error
or fraud may occur and may not be detected. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.
 Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that our Chief Executive Officer considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of Treadway Commission were: domination of management by a single individual without adequate compensating controls, lack of a majority
of outside directors on board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal
controls and procedures, inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, lack of well-established procedures to identify,
approve and report related party transactions and lack of an audit committee. 

The Company believes that the material weaknesses
are due to the Company s limited resources. 

Our Chief Executive Officer believes that the material
weaknesses did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee
and inadequate segregation of duties results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Our Chief Executive Officer recognizes that its controls
and procedures would be substantially improved if we had an audit committee and two individuals serving as officers and as such is actively
seeking to remediate this issue. 

Management s Remediation Initiatives 

In an effort to remediate the identified material
weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

We will create a position to segregate duties consistent
with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when
funds are available to us. We plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to an audit
committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when funds are available
to us. 

Management believes that the appointment of one or
more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee
and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

We will work as quickly as possible to implement these
initiatives; however, the lack of adequate working capital and positive cash flow from operations will likely slow this implementation. 

Changes in Internal Control 

There have been no changes in internal controls over
the financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal fourth quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC
that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

- 6 - 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

Biographical information regarding the Officers and
Directors of the Company, who will continue to serve as Officers and Directors of the Company and AIS Japan Co., Ltd. (our wholly owned
subsidiary) are provided below: 

AIS Holdings Group, Inc. 

NAME 
 AGE 
 POSITION 
 
 Takehiro Abe 
 40 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

AIS JAPAN Co., Ltd. 

NAME 
 AGE 
 POSITION 
 
 Takehiro Abe 
 40 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Takehiro Abe 

Mr. Takehiro Abe obtained his Masters of Engineering
Degree from Nagoya University in 2007, specializing in micro-nano systems. In 2007 he took a job as a system engineer at Hitachi,
Ltd. In 2009 he left Hitachi and started his own independent practice as an insurance agent selling insurance policies until 2015. In
2015, he incorporated LDSQUARE Co., Ltd. in Japan. Currently, as the president of LDSQUARE Co., Ltd., Mr. Abe provides institutional financial
advisory services. 

On April 1, 2016 he was appointed as the Chief Operating
Officer and Director of White Fox Ventures, Inc., a Nevada Corporation. On August 12, 2016, he was appointed as Chief Financial Officer
of White Fox Ventures, Inc. On June 20, 2017, he resigned as the Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of White
Fox Ventures, Inc. The resignation was not the result of any material disagreements with the Company. 

Corporate Governance 

The Company promotes accountability for adherence
to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents
that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications made by
the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted
a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and Directors as the Company is not
required to do so. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s
Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the
scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company s
independent public accountants. The Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company review
the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Committees
of the Board 

Our Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does
our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our sole Director believes that it is not necessary to
have such committees, at this time, because the Director(s) can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Our Board of Directors has determined that we do not
have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K,
nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules. 

We believe
that our Director(s) are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures
for financial reporting. The Director(s) of our Company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because management
believes that the Board of Directors can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that retaining
an independent Director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome
and is not warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development and the fact that we have not generated any positive cash
flows from operations to date. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our sole officer
and director has not been involved in or a party in any of the following events or actions during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
 
 2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 
 3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 
 
 4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 
 
 5. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
 6. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 
 
 7. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of:(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or(ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or(iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
 
 8. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Independence
of Directors 

We are not required
to have independent members of our Board of Directors, and do not anticipate having independent Directors until such time as we are required
to do so. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not
adopted a formal Code of Ethics. The Board of Director(s) evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and determined
that since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal, business
conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand in the future,
we may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics. 

Shareholder
Proposals 

Our Company
does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The
Board of Director(s) believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little
assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such
nominees. The Board of Director(s) will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

A shareholder
who wishes to communicate with our Board of Director(s) may do so by directing a written request addressed to our sole officer and director
Takehiro Abe, at the address appearing on the first page of this Information Statement. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s
executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity
securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of the Company s common stock.
 Such officers, directors and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms
that they file with the SEC. 

Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms
that were received by the Company, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required for those persons,
the Company is not aware of any failures to file reports or report transactions in a timely manner during the Company s fiscal year
ended March 31, 2023. 

Procedure for Nominating Directors 

In 2023, we have not made any material changes to
the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors,
executive officers or persons nominated to become executive officers or directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten (10) years, none of our directors,
persons nominated to become directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons was involved in any of the legal proceedings listen
in Item 401 (f) of Regulation S-K. 

Arrangements 

There are no arrangements or understandings between
an executive officer, director or nominee and any other person pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as an executive officer or
director. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid
to our named executive officer(s) and director(s) for the year ended March 31, 2022 and for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

SUMMARY
 COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and 
 principal position 
 Year
 Ended March 31, 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings
 ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Takehiro Abe, 
 Sole Officer and Director 
 2022 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Option/SAR Grants
in Last Fiscal Year 

None. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Compensation of Directors 

The Company s sole officer and director received
no compensation for services as director during the last two fiscal years. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Not applicable. 

Employment Agreements of our Sole Officer and Director 

None. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Director Compensation 

The Board of Directors reserves the right in the future
to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock based consideration for their services to the Company, which awards, if granted
shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Our Board of Directors determines the compensation
given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves the right to pay our executive or any future
executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive
bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This package may also
include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our
long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance base stock options to date,
the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such grants
would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive Bonus 

The Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses
to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are
in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we
are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-term, Stock Based Compensation 

In order to attract, retain and motivate executive
talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award our executive and any future executives with
long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, which we do not currently have any
immediate plans to award. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

As of the date of this report the Company has 20,000,000
shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding shares of common
stock and preferred stock have been used throughout this report. 

The table below is as of March 31, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Common Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 Voting Shares of Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 Total Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Takehiro Abe, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer 
 Address:
 2-41-7-336, ShinsakaeNaka-ku Nagoya-shi, Aichi, Japan 
 18,200,000 
 91.00 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 91.00 
 
 5 Shareholders 

N/A 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Beneficial ownership
has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially
owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares
are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for example, upon exercise of an option
or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the
amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person by reason of such acquisition rights. As
a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the following table does not necessarily reflect the person s
actual voting power at any particular date. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

Additional paid-in capital 

For the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had imputed interest of 5,300 and 7,516. 

Due to related party 

For the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
borrowed 9,931 and 8,584, respectively, from Takehiro Abe, CEO of the Company. For the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
repaid 0 and 24,659, respectively, to Takehiro Abe. The total due as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 were 75,576 and 70,794, respectively,
and were unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing. 

For the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had imputed interest of 5,300 and 7,516. 

The Company utilizes home office space and equipment of our
management at no cost. Management estimates such amounts to be immaterial. 

 Review, Approval
and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

Given our small
size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions,
such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to establish formal
policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so that such transactions
will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. On a moving forward
basis, our Directors will continue to approve any related party transaction. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Below is the aggregate amount of fees billed for professional
services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal years. 

2023 
 2022 

Audit fees 
 M K CPAS, PLLC 
 26,650 
 21,934 

Audit-related fees 
 
 - 
 - 

Tax fees 
 
 - 
 - 

All other fees 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 26,650 
 21,934 

Board of Directors Pre-Approval Process, Policies
and Procedures 

Our principal auditors have performed their audit
procedures in accordance with pre-approved policies and procedures established by our sole director. Our principal auditors have informed
our sole director of the scope and nature of each service provided. With respect to the provisions of services other than audit, review,
or attest services, our principal accountants brought such services to the attention of our sole director prior to commencing such services. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Financial Statements 

Financial statements for our Company are listed under Item 8 of this document. 

(b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation (1) 

3.11 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (2) 

3.2 
 By-laws (1) 

31 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Prinipal Financial Officer pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (3) 

32 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (3) 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

(1) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10 Registration Statement on Form 10-12G, as filed with the SEC on April 17, 2017, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 (2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 (3) 
 Filed herewith. 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

AIS Holdings Group, Inc. 

 (Registrant) 

By: /s/ Takehiro Abe 

 Takehiro Abe, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer 

 Dated: June 26, 2023 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ Takehiro Abe 

 Takehiro Abe, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer 

 Dated: June 26, 2023 

 - 10 - 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 EX-31

EXHIBIT 31.1 

AIS Holdings Group, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Takehiro Abe, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of AIS Holdings Group, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
small business issuer and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business
issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: June 26, 2023 

By: /s/ Takehiro Abe 

 Takehiro Abe, 

 Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

AIS Holdings Group, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Takehiro Abe, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of AIS Holdings Group, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
small business issuer and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business
issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: June 26, 2023 

By: /s/ Takehiro Abe 

 Takehiro Abe, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32.1 

AIS Holdings Group, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the the Annual Report of AIS Holdings Group, Inc. (the Company) on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report), I, Takehiro Abe, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Takehiro Abe and will be retained by AIS Holdings Group, Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: June 26, 2023 

By: /s/ Takehiro Abe 

 Takehiro Abe, 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

AIS Holdings Group, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the the Annual Report of AIS Holdings Group, Inc. (the Company) on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report), I, Takehiro Abe, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Takehiro Abe and will
be retained by AIS Holdings Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

Dated: June 26, 2023 

By: /s/ Takehiro Abe 

 Takehiro Abe, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 aidg-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 aidg-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 aidg-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 aidg-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

