<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1566469_0001566469-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12042298</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>728170</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2593103</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3691512</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2568858</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2246397</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001566469-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414164425
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001566469-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NantHealth, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001566469
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				273019889
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37792
		FILM NUMBER:		23821750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 RDU CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27560
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8559496288

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 RDU CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27560

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nant Health, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001566469-23-000016.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 nh-20221231.htm
 10-K

nh-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

(Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 ____________________________________________________________________ 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, based on a closing price 8.20 per share of common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was approximately million. 
 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding as of April 13, 2023 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Annual Report, including, without limitation, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 1A, Risk Factors, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as believe, may, will, might, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, should, would, project, plan, outlook, target, expect, or similar expressions, or the negative or plural of these words or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 the result of the evaluation of strategic alternatives, including restructuring or refinancing our debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying our business activities and strategic initiatives, or sell assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures, and the terms, value and timing of any transaction resulting from that process; 
 our ability to increase cash flow to support our operating activities and fund our obligations and working capital needs; 
 the structural change in the market for healthcare in the United States, including uncertainty in the healthcare regulatory framework and regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 
 general economic conditions including supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, wage pressures, rising inflation and the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 security threats, catastrophic events and other disruptions that affect our information technology and related systems; 
 physician, payer and pharmaceutical business needs for clinical decision support, payer/provider collaboration and data analytics solutions and any perceived advantage of our solutions over those of our competitors, including the ability of our platforms to help physicians treat their patients; 
 our ability to increase the commercial success and to accelerate commercial growth of our clinical decision support, payer/provider collaboration, network monitoring and management, and data analytics solutions and our other products and services; 
 our plans or ability to develop, implement and commercialize a cloud/SaaS-based version of our network monitoring and management solutions; 
 our ability to effectively implement, offer and manage delegated entity services to health plans in a compliant and timely manner in connection with our decision support solutions; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth, including the rate and degree of market acceptance of our solutions; 
 our ability to offer new and innovative products and services, including new features and functionality for our existing products and services; 
 our ability to attract new partners and customers and our ability to retain or renew contracts with partners and customers; 
 the impact of cost-savings measures; 
 current and future debt financings placing restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility; 
 our inability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness or our ability to access additional capital; 
 our expectations regarding our ability to comply with Nasdaq continued listing standards; 
 our ability to estimate the size of our target market; 
 our ability to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition; 
 consolidation in the healthcare industry; 
 competition which could limit our ability to maintain or expand market share within our industry; 
 restrictions and penalties as a result of privacy and data protection laws; 
 our use of open source software; 
 our ability to use, disclose, de-identify or license data and to integrate third-party technologies; 
 data loss or corruption due to failures or errors in our systems and service disruptions at our data centers; 
 breaches or failures of our security measures; 
 our reliance on Internet infrastructure, bandwidth providers, data center providers, other third parties and our own systems for providing services to our users; 
 risks related to future acquisition opportunities; 
 the requirements of being a public company; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our solutions and not infringe upon the intellectual property of others; 
 our ability to continue as a going concern; and 
 - 2 - 

our financial performance expectations, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit or gross margin, operating expenses, including changes in research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses, and our ability to achieve and maintain future profitability; 
 
 We caution you that the foregoing list does not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. These statements are within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements appear throughout this Annual Report and are statements regarding our intent, belief, or current expectations, primarily based on our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events and trends that may affect our business, financial conditions, operating results, cash flows or prospects, as well as related industry developments. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Annual Report. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by us and described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements for any reason to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 
 - 3 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 

 Form 10-K 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Table Of Contents 
 
 Page PART I. 5 
 Item 1. Business 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 23 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 75 
 Item 2. Properties 75 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 75 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 75 
 PART II. 76 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 76 
 Item 6. Reserved 76 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 77 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 95 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 96 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 138 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 138 
 Item 9B. Other Information 139 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 139 
 PART III. 140 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 140 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 140 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 140 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 141 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 141 
 PART IV 142 
 Item 15. Exhibits , Financial Statement Schedules 
 142 
 Exhibits index 143 
 Signatures 
 146 

We own or have rights to trademarks and service marks that we use in connection with the operation of our business. NantHealth, Inc. and our logo as well as other brands such as NaviNet, Eviti, NaviNet Open, Eviti | Connect, OpenNMS, Quadris and other marks relating to our product lines are used in this Annual Report. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and service marks referred to in this Annual Report on are listed without the (sm) and (TM) symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. Additionally, we do not intend for our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. 
 - 4 - 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 NantHealth, Inc. NantHealth or the Company provides enterprise solutions that help businesses transform complex data into actionable insights. By offering efficient ways to move, interpret, and visualize complex and highly sensitive information, we help our customers in the healthcare, life sciences, logistics, telecommunications, and other industries, to automate, understand, and act on data while keeping it secure and scalable. 
 
 NantHealth s product portfolio comprises the latest technology in payer/provider collaboration platforms for real-time coverage decision support (Eviti and NaviNet) and data solutions that include multi-data analysis, reporting and professional services offerings (Quadris). In addition, The OpenNMS Group, Inc. ("OpenNMS"), a NantHealth subsidiary, helps businesses monitor and manage network health and performance. Altogether, we generally derive revenue from software as a service ("SaaS') subscription fees, support services, professional services, and revenue sharing through collaborations with complementary businesses. 
 
 We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from multiple significant market opportunities as healthcare providers and payers transition from fee-for-service to value-based reimbursement models. They need solutions that increase operational efficiency, manage costs, improve care collaboration and accelerate their pursuit of evidence-based clinical practice. We also believe that our core business lines enable opportunities to create data analytics services and assets which further drive value and efficiency for our customers. We are investing to further integrate big data and automated intelligence technologies within our core business lines and to create new product and service offerings. 
 
 In light of our current liquidity, we need to raise additional capital to support our operations and debt obligations and concurrently, we are exploring strategic alternatives for the purpose of maximizing stockholder value. In November 2022, the Board of Directors of NantHealth (the Board established a Special Committee (the "Special Committee") and, in December 2022, retained a financial advisor, to evaluate strategic alternatives, including transactions involving a merger or sale of all or part of our assets or other alternatives with the goal of maximizing stockholder value. In March 2023, we and certain of our subsidiaries as guarantors (the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with Nant Capital LLC Nant Capital and certain funds affiliated with Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge ). The Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 22.5 million that was made in a single drawdown by the Company at closing (the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility ). The Special Committee undertook a thorough review of the Credit Agreement, Senior Secured Term Loan Facility and related agreements arising from the transaction, and unanimously recommended that we proceed with the transaction. 
 
 We have been and expect to continue to devote significant efforts to raise capital, restructure our indebtedness and identify and evaluate potential strategic alternatives but there can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful, that we will be able to raise necessary capital on acceptable terms, reach agreement with our lenders, or that the strategic review process will result in us pursuing any transaction or that any transaction, if pursued, will be completed on attractive terms or at all. We do not have a defined timeline for the strategic alternatives review process and such review may not result in any specific action or transaction, and there can be no assurances given regarding the outcome or timing of the strategic alternatives review process. Any failure in these efforts could force us to delay, limit or terminate our operations, make reductions in our workforce, discontinue our commercialization efforts for our solutions, liquidate all or a portion of our assets or pursue other strategic alternatives or fall into forbearance on our debt obligations 
 
 We Are Uniquely Positioned to Address Transformative Shifts across the Healthcare Continuum 
 
 The shift to digital transformation. The proliferation of data is well-known across all industries, and this is particularly true in healthcare. Every medical device, network and platform is creating and consuming data at a staggering rate. We believe this presents both a challenge and an opportunity. The abundance of data makes it overwhelming to manage, and an even greater challenge is to extract business value embedded in data. Turning data into something businesses can use to their advantage can be a complex, manual task, and the time, effort and energy required can zero out the benefits. If businesses are unable to extract meaning, then data continues to accumulate, becoming a hindrance to business efficiency and effectiveness. It is precisely because it is challenging to make data actionable, that it becomes an opportunity for businesses to build competitive advantage. 
 
 - 5 - 

We believe we possess six key capabilities needed to help our customers unlock the value that resides in their data to deliver the right care at the right time and place. NantHealth has the ability to: 1) move data efficiently, 2) interpret it accurately, 3) visualize it intuitively while keeping the data 4) safe, 5) secure and 6) scalable. That is what we do at NantHealth. We provide enterprise solutions that help businesses transform complex data into actionable insights. These capabilities are delivered through a comprehensive suite of products and services unique to NantHealth. In addition to the acquisition of OpenNMS, which added network monitoring to our solutions catalog, we are expanding our data science capabilities and AI competencies to drive further innovation across our existing product lines and to explore new product and service offerings in the data analytics field. 
 
 The shift to value-based care and evidence-based medicine. The efficiency and effectiveness of the current healthcare system is often hindered by the complex, dynamic interplay of three uncoordinated and segregated domains: the knowledge domain, the care delivery domain, and the payer domain. The disparate nature of these domains, and their often-inconsistent incentives and conflicting priorities, can inhibit interoperability and coordination. We believe three simultaneous, transformative shifts are highlighting these critical deficiencies of the current healthcare environment: 
 
 1. A rapid evolution from traditional fee-for-service to patient-centered and patient-empowered, value-based models driven by quantifiable measures of outcomes relative to cost. Unsustainable escalating healthcare costs, which we believe are due to broken fee-for-service models, are driving many stakeholders and governments toward alternative delivery models. Despite significant investments in electronic health records ("EHRs") and other technologies designed to enable the transition to more value-based care, we believe that, in a fee-for-service model, the economic incentives generally discourage coordination among healthcare stakeholders and encourage volume-driven (rather than outcomes-driven) decision-making. This model results in healthcare and financial data that remains largely segregated into walled gardens. Thus, patient data often remains static and cannot be easily shared or interpreted due to siloed legacy proprietary platforms that lack interoperability. 
 
 2. The rise of evidence-based care to ensure patients receive the most effective care at the most appropriate cost. As drug prices soar and the overall expense of cancer and autoimmune care increases, unnecessary or inappropriate therapy has never been more costly. We believe leveraging the ever-evolving body of evidence-based standards of care can drive better and more efficient outcomes for members. Evidence-based care eliminates unwarranted variability by applying nationally accepted treatment standards at the moment of clinical prescribing, ensuring that compliance takes place at the front-end of care as opposed to the back-end review after treatment has begun. Evidence-based treatment that offers the best-expected outcome at a better cost than a competing therapy also supports the transformative shift to value-based care that benefits all parties. 
 
 3. Growing focus on health equity and the personalized care path members and patients need . Recent events, including the disproportionate impact of COVID-19 on communities of color, have raised awareness of the healthcare industry s need to move towards a care delivery system that views members holistically. For example, we understand a cancer patient s journey may be impacted by factors outside of the care system, like socioeconomic status the neighborhoods and environments in which they work and live, and barriers such as internet, transportation, and healthy food availability. Access to information and social trust of patients differ, and those differences are too often put aside in the current standard of care thinking. 
 
 We believe these shifts, and the associated challenges, require advanced technology systems and data expertise that our customers cannot quickly and easily develop on their own. Our unique portfolio of technology solutions allows us to collect, interpret and deliver data insights that help our customers improve their businesses, provide decision support with a comprehensive knowledge base of evidence-based treatment options, and help both payers and providers effectively transition to value-based care. Given the magnitude of these shifts and the difficulty involved in addressing the associated challenges, we believe our solution platforms serve to position NantHealth at the forefront of multiple market opportunities. We have invested significant capital, software development, data and healthcare expertise over a decade to develop, acquire and integrate the components that we believe address many of the challenges faced by stakeholders across the continuum of care. 
 - 6 - 

Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to become the leading provider of solutions that enable enterprises to leverage actionable data insights. In the healthcare space, we seek to facilitate payer and provider collaboration, and to leverage clinical data and knowledge towards delivering improved patient outcomes and more effective treatment decisions for critical illnesses. To accomplish this goal, we plan to deploy NantHealth solutions designed to address and accelerate the transformational shifts occurring in healthcare (empowering the extraction of value from the growing abundance of data and supporting the evolution from traditional fee-for-service to value-based models), while also expanding our network monitoring solution capabilities to support the underlying infrastructure necessary to enable transformational shifts in healthcare and other industries. The key elements of our strategy include: 
 
 Leveraging NantHealth's key capabilities delivered through a comprehensive suite of solutions to unlock value from data. NantHealth s solution capabilities include: 
 
 SaaS-based platforms: our enterprise-grade platforms are designed for automation, security, ease-of-use and scalability; 
 Evidence-based support: our robust database and analysis of FDA-approved treatment options improves decision support while reducing waste; 
 Real-world enabled insights: our solutions can provide real-world evidence that demonstrates effectiveness, safety and value; 
 Network performance: our OpenNMS services provide a highly scalable, reliable, and extensible platform for network monitoring; and 
 Interoperability: we connect and normalize data for real-time collaboration and information exchange. 
 
 Increasing sales of NantHealth solutions to healthcare payers, providers, and self-insured employers. We are marketing NantHealth solutions to healthcare payers and providers transitioning from fee-for-service reimbursement models to value-based care models in pursuit of improved patient outcomes and lower costs. We believe we are positioning NantHealth as a next-generation payer intermediary and partner with healthcare payers and self-insured employers as they roll out value-based model partnerships and transition to value-based precision care. 
 
 Growing the market for open source-based network monitoring services across industries and across sites of care within the health care sector. We are working to grow the on-premise install base for the OpenNMS network monitoring platform and expand sales of OpenNMS maintenance, support and professional service offerings. We are also expanding the OpenNMS service suite to include SaaS based monitoring services and easier to manage no-touch remote appliance services (including home-based devices). 
 
 Developing new features and functionality for NantHealth solutions. We are continuing to make significant R D investments to create new features and functionality within NantHealth s solutions. For example, we are exploring the expansion of our Eviti decision support product line to cover additional diseases and chronic conditions and are furthering the integration of artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML)-based analytics into our network monitoring solutions to provide insights into alarm/event correlation, anomaly detection, and root cause analysis (RCA). We are also continuing the development of data analytics capabilities and assets so that we can expand the products and services offered to our healthcare customers and partners. 
 
 Complementing internal growth with strategic acquisitions. We believe opportunities exist for us to enhance our competitive position by acquiring additional companies with complementary products and technologies and/or acquiring rights to proprietary products or technologies from third parties. 
 Our Industry 
 Today, the explosion in the quantity, frequency and complexity of data and the ability to measure data in terms of outcomes relative to cost, demands mature, specialized software platforms, and expertise to address transformative shifts and challenges. 
 - 7 - 

Every device, network and platform is creating and consuming data at a staggering rate, making it overwhelming to manage, and extract business value embedded in the data. 
 
 Nearly 100 of C-level executives surveyed by PricewaterhouseCoopers said they see data on customers as critical or important to getting an edge on competitors in the years ahead. Businesses must learn how to uncover actionable insights hidden in their data, or risk being left behind. But turning bits and bytes of data into something businesses can use to their advantage can be a complex, manual task that involves the ability to: 
 
 Connect systems 
 Normalize data 
 Interpret outputs 
 Make it actionable 
 
 Developing the capabilities needed for businesses to undertake the challenge of managing, analyzing, and interpreting data is difficult. Those able to tap the insights hidden within their data and make it actionable for their employees, stakeholders and customers will unearth a new source of value and differentiation. 
 In the U.S. healthcare industry, a rapid evolution from traditional fee-for-service to patient-centered and patient-empowered, value-based models driven by quantifiable measures of outcomes relative to cost. 
 
 In response to the rising cost of healthcare, government and private payers and providers are introducing value-based care models. In value-based models, providers assume increased levels of clinical and financial responsibility for patient outcomes, instead of being reimbursed strictly based on the quantity of services provided. We believe that healthcare platforms that efficiently assist healthcare stakeholders to transition to these value-based models will be best positioned to capture this opportunity. 
 
 Challenges associated with the adoption of value-based models 
 
 The healthcare continuum can be viewed as an aggregation of three distinct domains: 
 
 The knowledge domain, including academic centers, scientific institutions and companies that discover and commercialize medical and scientific knowledge; 
 The care delivery domain, including hospitals, community practices, physicians and other constituents that deliver healthcare to patients; and 
 The payer domain, including insurers, governments and self-insured employers that administer and provide funding to the healthcare system. 
 
 The disparate and fragmented nature of these domains and economic incentives under traditional fee-for-service models frequently result in overtreatment, high costs and suboptimal patient outcomes. Fee-for-service models are as a general matter inherently site-centric, volume driven, reactive in nature and uncoordinated. In contrast, value-based models are generally more patient-centric, outcomes-focused, proactive and coordinated across the care continuum. 
 Despite a clear need, the design and implementation of next-generation interoperable systems has been limited due to reliance on legacy, site-specific, fee-for-service technology systems and infrastructure. Since the passage of the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health HITECH Act in 2009, providers and payers have made significant investments in EHRs, and other technologies meant to enable the transition to value-based care. Despite extensive investment and coordination, the introduction of value-based models has been limited due to the shortcomings of legacy, proprietary systems and the reliance on unstructured data that hinders interoperability and cannot be sufficiently shared or manipulated to produce actionable findings. Value-based models require collection and analysis of longitudinal treatment, outcomes and financial data at the patient level, regardless of treatment site. Critically, these systems must also securely safeguard patient data in compliance with stringent Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA and other privacy regulations. We believe that there is a significant need for interoperability platforms that dynamically access, normalize, integrate and update information from disparate sources across the healthcare continuum in real time. Secure interoperability platforms can allow for more comprehensive solutions development that proactively connect, deliver business and clinical intelligence and enable enhanced provider and patient engagement. 
 
 - 8 - 

Managing massive volumes of data requires specialized infrastructure, and making data meaningful and actionable requires it to be processed by advanced systems operating in scalable and reliable environments. 
 The network monitoring market is moving away from corporate managed, on-premise solutions towards hybrid and cloud solutions with a focus on platform services expansion and AI/ML-based analytics to provide intelligent alarm/event management. 
 
 Key trends include: 
 Expansion of the network edge to include internet of things components and the migration of the network core to the cloud requires that network performance monitoring and diagnostics tools provide visibility in hybrid environments, including edge and cloud network monitoring. 
 Implementation of cloud native applications and microservices for platform management and orchestration to optimize performance and cost in the cloud. 
 Increasing appetite for flexible deployment models include SaaS and on-demand pricing, and use of virtual machines, software appliances, and hardware appliances to enable these deployments. 
 Evolution of traditional network monitoring platforms beyond the basic levels of infrastructure monitoring, and incorporating APIs for easy extension of additional services such as Digital Experience Monitoring, flows/flowlogs, and other applications that support business users and understanding of end-user experience. 
 Increasing focus on AI/ML advanced analytics to support artificial intelligence for IT operations ("AIOps") (e.g., for anomaly detection and event correlation and RCA). 
 Focus on network security and alignment between network operations and security operations. 
 
 With our highly scalable, reliable, and extensible platform solution for network monitoring, OpenNMS is well positioned to address these market trends. Our zero touch appliance solution enables remote monitoring of edge components and enables additional hybrid and cloud integrations. Our traffic analysis (flows) and route monitoring solutions provide deep understanding of network performance. Our Architecture for Learning Enabled Correlation (ALEC) AI/ML solution provides valuable insights and visualizations for interpreting complex faults/alerts. 
 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 
 We believe the increasing focus on managing, analyzing and interpreting the large amounts of generated data, and on value-based reimbursement models and evidence-based, personalized medicine will drive validation and adoption of NantHealth solutions. 
 
 Proliferation of Data: Over 44T gigabytes of data have been amassed by companies as of 2020, with a projected 581 increase in new data by 2025. Given the challenges and specialized capabilities required to manage, analyze, and derive insights from the vast amounts of data, we believe we are uniquely positioned to address this market need. 
 
 Cost of Cancer Care: Recent statistics show that 39.5 of Americans will be diagnosed with cancer at some point in their lives, resulting in an estimated cost of 246 billion by 2030. As the cost of cancer care continues to grow, there will be an ongoing need to balance cost efficiency with improved outcomes. Our evidence-based decision support solutions can help providers and payers better manage oncology care for the patients and members they serve. 
 
 Transition to Digital: Reports show that medical communications are still reliant on faxes, phone calls, emails and other manual channels. Recent research suggests that around 70 of health-care organizations still use faxes. Our payer/provider collaboration platforms can significantly improve the efficient, accurate and timely exchange of information. 
 
 Management of Complex Networks: Today's enterprise requires insights and analytics regarding network performance and availability in order to maintain uptime across multiple environments, geographies and devices. 
 
 Focus on Security: Government buyers continue to have a very strong interest in products incorporating zero trust network access due to the executive order on improving the nation s cybersecurity. In the private sector, interest in zero trust grew more than 230 in 2020. To meet this need, OpenNMS is adopting zero trust architecture principles for its suite of products. 
 
 Open Platform: Due to the rapid pace of innovation and the changing nature of enterprise networks due to the pandemic, buyers are looking to leverage technologies and technology platforms that are open and extensible. This allows them to plan and respond to the increasing number of changes and additional complexities of their environments. As an extensible and open network monitoring platform, OpenNMS offers a highly scalable solution that can be incorporated into existing technical architecture. 
 
 - 9 - 

We believe the potential addressable market for our solutions will continue to grow in relation to the market-share gains of value-based models, the continuing transition to digital only clinical communications and collaboration and the adoption of precision medicine. 
 NantHealth Solutions 
 Our NantHealth solutions comprise a highly differentiated, integrated model for the application of data insights and the delivery of healthcare, comprised of our unique software-as-a-service platforms, data management, analysis and interpretation solutions and network monitoring solutions., enabling value-based care and evidence-based clinical practice. Our platforms and our multi-domain solutions are designed to address some of the most pressing cross-domain challenges across the healthcare continuum. Our solutions are single-domain and cross-domain offerings that can be utilized, for example, by a provider organization or hospital system and a commercial insurance provider in an Accountable Care Organization, ("ACO"), crossing multiple domains. We believe our unique systems-based approach positions us as a next-generation intermediary and partner that facilitates payment for value, improved patient outcomes and more efficient communication and collaboration among systems and industry participants. 
 
 Payer Solutions. Our NantHealth payer SaaS solutions, including NaviNet Open and Eviti Connect, establish daily access to the clinical practice and caregiver and leverage the data available on our systems infrastructure to facilitate reduction in overall administrative costs and payment for value. We believe our position between the payer and the provider allows us to align incentives as a next-generation payer intermediary, to help payers ensure consistent evidence-based treatment pathways and to accelerate pre-adjudication and lower administrative overhead for providers. This can ultimately drive quality of care and streamline workflows while improving control over the administrative and operating costs associated with eligibility and benefits, claims processing, referrals, authorizations, information exchange and review utilization. Our multi-payer collaboration solution, NaviNet Open, offers provider end users a uniform set of workflows and services across many or all the payers with whom they routinely collaborate. This multi-payer experience benefits payers and providers alike. Providers can benefit from a uniform experience and toolset across multiple payer relationships, and the payer can benefit from the uniform application of best practices, tools, and options, as well as the reduction in costly errors and phone-based interactions that can stem from a non-uniform end-user experience. 
 
 Provider Solutions. Our provider SaaS solutions, comprised of NaviNet AllPayer and Eviti Advisor, leverage the data available on our systems infrastructure to enable patient-centered engagement and coordination across care locations. These solutions include clinical and administrative workflows, including eligibility and benefits, claims, referrals and authorizations management solutions. 
 
 Network Management Solutions. Our OpenNMS service offerings provide a reliable, scalable, comprehensive fault, performance, and traffic monitoring solution that easily integrates with core business applications and workflows to monitor and visualize everything in the network. The OpenNMS open-source platform monitors some of the largest networks in the Fortune 500, covering the healthcare, technology, energy, finance, government, education, retail and industrial sectors, including many with tens of thousands of networked devices. 
 
 Data Solutions (Quadris). Our data product and service offerings are designed to improve patient care and outcomes through a suite of AI empowered solutions that improve operational efficiency, aid in decision making, and significantly reduce healthcare administrative overhead associated with the volume of unstructured and image-based data that plague the healthcare industry. 
 
 We designed our NantHealth solutions to enable providers, payers, and pharma and self-insured employers to overcome challenges encountered across the knowledge, care delivery, and payer domains within the healthcare continuum. 
 Product Overviews 
 Eviti Connect and Eviti Advisor 
 
 The rapid advancement of molecular and biometric medicine is overwhelming many physicians cognitive ability, while uncoordinated, non-evidence-based treatment plans are increasing costs and reducing the quality of care. 
 
 - 10 - 

Eviti, our decision support platform, provides evidence-based clinical decision support, which is a critical element to ensure optimal treatment regimens. Eviti is a SaaS-based clinical decision support solution that centralizes clinical content, treatment cost data from Medicare reimbursements and treatment toxicity data. The clinical content is curated by our dedicated team of clinicians, including oncologists and nurses, who convert published literature and clinical trials into structured information that can be used for decision support. The Eviti Connect product is sold to health plans and utilizes the platform to offer pre-authorization automation that helps payers and providers navigate the complexities of cancer care, making it easier to identify and validate oncology treatment regimens suited to each patient. The Eviti Advisor product is offered to providers and allows physicians to access the Eviti platform s comprehensive library of evidence-based treatment standards and protocols to better inform treatment decisions and readily stay abreast of the latest advances in cancer care. 
 
 Eviti provides value to our customers through its access to over 9,700 federally-registered clinical trials updated weekly and over 4,800 evidence-based treatment regimens for the treatment of cancer arising from over 40 different anatomical locations. Over the past ten years, Eviti has saved health plan customers several hundred million dollars by directing providers to evidence-based protocols at the point of prescribing. Unique to the care delivery domain, physicians also benefit from improved claim processing by using the Eviti Connect product, which issues a pre-authorization Eviti code when the physician chooses an approved evidence-based clinical pathway, thereby validating appropriate treatment and pre-adjudicating the claim. This is an important step in that payers and providers are collaborating on high-value, evidence-based clinical pathways as opposed to non-value-added reimbursements and denials of payments. Eviti Connect is typically sold to health plans on a per member (or life) per month basis. These health plans sponsor the solution and provide Eviti free of charge to oncologists and their staffs. 
 
 As Eviti evolves, we expect to expand the platform s capacity beyond regimen decisions to help providers and payors deliver the right care, in the right time and in the right place across the cancer patient's entire life cycle of care. In addition, we have already expanded the Eviti platform to another disease state, autoimmune diseases. As one pharmacy benefit manager ("PBM") studied data on its 15 million commercially insured members in 2019 and 2020, it found that fewer than 1 of members had an inflammatory autoimmune condition such as psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis, ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. However, drugs treating these conditions accounted for nearly 20 of drug spend in the medical and pharmacy benefit. (source: Drugs for autoimmune disorders account for a growing part of pharmacy spend: Prime Therapeutics | FierceHealthcare). 
 
 NantHealth has achieved delegated entity licensure/certification for utilization management in 21 states, enabling the expansion of Eviti Connect to include fully delegated services in these jurisdictions and others that do not require special licensure. Offering this service helps our payer customers reduce operational costs and increase efficiency by centralizing activities related to utilization management reviews and communications. We will continue to pursue delegated entity status in additional states as we expand the value Eviti brings to our customers. 
 
 The snapshot of our system below illustrates how different cancer treatment options for a patient is presented to compare treatments across a variety of metrics, including expected treatment outcome, plan compliance and costs. By providing the oncologist with this comparison, we believe Eviti drives compliance and a greater number of treatments to be in accordance with evidence-based medicine. 
 - 11 - 

NaviNet 
 NaviNet is a suite of SaaS-based solutions enabling payers and providers to streamline communication and consolidate information, while gaining access to a richer set of data to improve patient care. The NaviNet solutions include clinical and administrative workflow, eligibility and benefits, claims, and referral management solutions. 
 
 NaviNet Open 
 NaviNet Open is a leading payer-provider collaboration platform, enhancing communication between health plans and providers to increase operating efficiency, lower costs, improve provider satisfaction and enable expansion. As organizations develop more value-based product lines to support the transition to value-based care, provider alignment and actionable data prior to care delivery becomes critical. To enable these capabilities, health plans and providers need a flexible, extensible infrastructure that fosters collaboration and encourages interoperability. NaviNet Open delivers vital administrative and clinical information to providers in real-time, so they can quickly and easily communicate across multiple health plans. As of December 31, 2022, NaviNet Open has over 370,000 registered users who performed more than 33 million online interactions per month with over 1,000 health plans. 
 
 NaviNet Open solutions include: 
 Plan Central: Provides our health plan partners with the ability to deliver a branded custom-content experience to their provider networks, allowing plans to own and manage their communications to users in support of their business. Plan Central is valued by our partners as a single access point for all provider and end-user communications, transactions, and content, delivering ease of use and increased provider satisfaction. 
 
 Eligibility and Benefits: Delivers membership verification, insurance coverage, and payment information, such as co-payments, deductibles, and benefit intelligence to provider offices in real-time; information that is highly valued 
 - 12 - 

by providers and members alike. Provider offices can verify insurance and benefit coverage at the time of a patient visit or as part of the billing cycle. 
 
 Claims Status Inquiry and Claim Investigation: Permits provider offices access to detailed financial and claim status information in real-time; automating the delivery of claim receipt confirmation, adjudication status, and payment details. This eliminates the need for provider offices to call health plans directly to maintain a healthy revenue cycle and improves provider satisfaction. Providers are able to conduct a two-way dialog with the payer about the adjudication of a claim. 
 
 Claims Management: A collection of powerful claim applications that consist of Claim Submission, pre- and post-adjudication Corrections and Adjustments, Claim Attachments, Claim Investigation, Claim Appeals and a multi-payer Claims Log where users manage their claim submissions. Our integrated Claims Management solution simplifies payment efforts by eliminating phone calls, costly paper claims, and other manual processes associated with claims follow-up, correction, and resubmission. Providers now gain access to a powerful set of claim tools, augmenting provider systems with self-service access, or without needing a sophisticated EHR or practice management system at all. 
 
 Referrals: Lets provider offices submit and access referrals in real-time, guiding patients to the best specialist at the most affordable cost. Referrals empowers provider staff with more referral information - such as benefit tiers, preferred providers, and patient payment implications. Administrative staff becomes better equipped to navigate complex sub-networks, while health plans optimize in-network referrals to reduce leakage and lower costs. 
 
 Authorizations: Lets provider offices submit authorizations to health plans and access real-time authorization information, such as status updates and approvals. The authorizations workflow is optimized to make it simple for health plans to configure fields and add additional business logic and links to third party applications. Providers can upload any documents needed for authorization processing, further streaming workflows and lowering costs. 
 
 Document Exchange: Modernizes communication between health plans and providers by transmitting administrative and clinical information in real-time. This application lets health plans and providers share risk adjustment information, quality measurement data, and performance reports, among other data. Providers are notified of care gaps within their existing workflows, making it easy to upload supporting documents. NaviNet Open Document Exchange enables health plans and providers to thrive in a world of value-based care by providing real-time access to critical information at the point of care. 
 
 API Capabilities: A series of secure Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) offer provider and revenue cycle organizations connectivity to payers via the NaviNet Open platform. The APIs enable faster information retrieval and easier payer access through a secure real-time, HIPAA compliant gateway to payers. The workflows include Eligibility Benefits, Claim Status Inquiry, Authorizations, and Referrals. NaviNet also offers APIs for payers to access the secure and flexible NaviNet Open Document Exchange platform. 
 NaviNet AllPayer 
 
 NaviNet AllPayer provides standard eligibility, benefit, and claim status information to provider offices for over 1,000 commercial and government plans and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS") for Medicare beneficiaries through the NaviNet portal. Building on the rich, multi-payer experience of NaviNet Open, NaviNet AllPayer allows provider offices, and payer Coordination of Benefits ('COB") and Payment Integrity teams, to quickly find the information they need, without having to jump between portals or spend unnecessary time on the phone with health plans. 
 
 OpenNMS 
 
 OpenNMS is an open-source network monitoring solution for enterprise-grade networks. It empowers businesses to monitor, manage, maintain, and visualize their networks to better understand health and performance for faster remediation. OpenNMS solutions monitor system alerts and events and other key performance indicators in IT infrastructure. Advanced network traffic flows and routing analysis capability ensures critical data flows at scale. OpenNMS users include some of the largest networks in existence, covering the healthcare, technology, energy, finance, government, education, retail and industrial sectors, many with tens of thousands of networked devices. 
 
 OpenNMS solutions are delivered as two different, completely open-source distributions: Horizon and Meridian. Both distributions are built from the same open source code base; however, the release cycle and the support options available vary for each: 
 - 13 - 

Horizon (Community): Horizon is freely available to download and follows the release early, release often model. OpenNMS Horizon contains the newest features that are developed for the platform and updated on a rapid release schedule. 
 
 Meridian (Enterprise): OpenNMS Meridian is made available via a subscription service that provides access to an optimized and very stable version of OpenNMS that maximizes the platform s value and minimizes the effort required to maintain it. Features that have proven to be stable and effective in Horizon are merged into Meridian. 
 
 The following are some of the key features that provide scalability and analytics capability into the OpenNMS platform: 
 
 Architecture for Learning Enabled Correlation (ALEC) is our AI/ML-based analytics solution that provides insights into alarm/event correlation, anomaly detection, and RCA. 
 Minion is a vertically scalable application that acts as eyes and ears for the core OpenNMS application by extending the platform reach into remote and disparate edges of the network. 
 Sentinel is a horizontally scalable application that scales the platform capacity by offloading memory and CPU workloads from the core OpenNMS application. 
 Application Perspective Monitoring (APM) enables remote polling of network components by using remote minion applications to look at other parts of the network from the outside in , enabling improved understanding of availability and latency. 
 
 Quadris 
 
 NantHealth s Quadris includes data product and service offerings designed to improve patient care and outcomes through a suite of AI empowered solutions that improve operational efficiency, aid in decision making, and significantly reduce healthcare administrative overhead associated with the volume of unstructured and image-based data that plague the healthcare industry. 
 
 NantHealth Systems Infrastructure to Enable NantHealth Solutions: 
 
 Our unique interoperable systems infrastructure has been built over the last decade to address the knowledge, care delivery and payer domains. 
 
 We host our applications and serve all our clients from two redundant data centers in geographically diverse locations. These infrastructure-hosting services also include capabilities such as secure server and application hosting, secure offsite backup, disaster recovery and business continuity solutions. We have expanded our infrastructure using a hybrid-cloud model to leverage the flexibility and scalability available at commercial cloud providers. 
 
 Due to the sensitive nature of our customers data, we have a heightened focus on data security and protection. We have implemented healthcare IT industry-standard processes, policies and tools through all levels of our software development and network administration, including regularly scheduled vulnerability scanning and third-party penetration testing to reduce the risk of vulnerabilities in our system. 
 
 Our Eviti clinical decision support platform achieved initial full URAC accreditation in Health Utilization Management ("HUM"), during September 2010 and subsequently re-accredited every three years the most recent during September 2022 for another three-year period. 
 
 Our NaviNet platform has been HITRUST certified since December 2021 and this certification is valid until December 2023. 
 
 Our Relationship with Allscripts 
 
 On August 3, 2017, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. ("Allscripts"), pursuant to which we agreed to sell to Allscripts substantially all of the assets of the Company s provider/patient engagement solutions business, including our FusionFX solution and components of its NantOS software connectivity solutions. The sale was completed on August 25, 2017. 
 
 - 14 - 

Concurrent with the sale to Allscripts and as contemplated by the asset purchase agreement, we and Allscripts modified the amended and restated mutual license and reseller agreement dated June 26, 2015, which was further amended on December 30, 2017, such that, among other things, we committed to deliver a minimum of 95.0 million of total bookings over a ten-year period Bookings Commitment from referral transactions and sales of certain Allscripts products under this agreement. We also agreed that Allscripts shall receive at least 0.5 million per year in payments from bookings (the Annual Minimum Commitment ). If the total payments received by Allscripts from bookings during such period are less than the Annual Minimum Commitment, we shall pay to Allscripts the difference between the Annual Minimum Commitment and the total amount received by Allscripts from bookings during such period. In the event of a Bookings Commitment shortfall at the end of the ten-year period, we may be obligated to pay 70 of the shortfall, subject to certain credits. We will earn 30 commission from Allscripts on each software referral transaction that results in a booking with Allscripts. We account for the Bookings Commitment at its estimated fair value over the life of the agreement and, as of December 31, 2022, we estimate the total liability to be 38.6 million. 
 
 Our Clients 
 
 NantHealth solutions and technology platforms are used by key healthcare stakeholders, including healthcare providers, payers, self-insured employers, academic institutions and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our network monitoring solutions are used by stakeholders in the logistics, telecommunication, and other industries, to automate, understand, and act on data while keeping it secure and scalable. NantHealth solutions, coupled with our engagement methodology, is designed to be tailored to meet the large-scale needs of governmental organizations and private entities while remaining convenient, intuitive and configurable at the user level. We believe that this provides us with a significant advantage over a siloed, single vendor approach, which often requires the removal or replacement of existing information technology infrastructure and applications. 
 
 Our total revenue was 67.0 million and 62.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were two and four customers, respectively, each accounting for more than 10 of our revenue. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Our sales organization is primarily comprised of direct sales executives and pre-sales support teams organized by account type and domain and subject matter expertise. We also leverage strategic reseller arrangements and a channel relationship coverage team. 
 
 Direct sales organization: We leverage domain and subject matter expertise, market credibility, thought leadership, and relationships of our executives, senior management, and product leaders in our sales efforts. Our direct sales organization is by product ownership. These direct coverage teams include both sales professionals searching for new accounts and customer engagement sales professionals responsible for developing existing accounts. Furthermore, sales professionals have unique expertise and specialized coverage for health plans, self-insured employers, health systems, and individual providers. Our account management organization is responsible for the continuity of current customer relationships and the expansion of those relationships to include additional solutions and services. 
 
 We have a pre-sales organization that includes clinical, business and technical customer alignment teams to support our sales organization in addition to executive sponsorship with members of our senior management team. 
 
 Resale and channel partnership: In the United States, we have entered into strategic resale arrangements with major partners, including EHR vendors (including Allscripts), in-hospital medical devices manufacturers and health plans who resell our solutions to their customer base. Internationally, we have entered into resale arrangements with other strategic distributors to accelerate our market adoption. Reseller revenue in 2022 and 2021 was 1.0 million and 1.0 million, respectively. OpenNMS partnerships extend globally. These are a mixture of Value-added resellers (VARs) and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). These strategic relationships allow OpenNMS capabilities to be integrated with other propositions as we look to grow market share. 
 
 We also maintain business relationships with individuals and organizations that promote or support our sales or services. We refer to these individuals and organizations as our channel partners. These channel partners generally do not make sales directly like our resale partners, but instead provide us with leads that we use to develop new business through our direct sales force. These relationships enable access to broader hospital and physician customers, leading software solutions and multiple cross-selling opportunities. 
 
 - 15 - 

We complement our sales efforts with a marketing organization that plans and execute marketing and communication strategies that are centered on initiatives that drive awareness of our company and solutions. These initiatives include educating the market about our company broadly, as well as solutions-specific campaigns for lead generation. Marketing efforts also include participation in speaking engagements and strategic interfacing with key business and trade media personnel. We employ a broad array of specific events to facilitate these initiatives, including, but not limited to, sponsorship and partnership of key industry conferences and customer-focused programs such as key partner user groups. 
 Our sales cycle can vary significantly and typically ranges from 6 months to 18 months from initial contact to contract execution. The sales cycle significantly differs based on the domain, type of solution and size of the customer. Implementation, training and professional services are normally rendered based on a mutually agreed upon timetable. 
 Competition 
 The competitive landscape is highly fragmented, and to our knowledge, no single competitor currently offers similarly diverse capabilities and solution offerings. As a result, our primary competitors are characterized relative to each of our platforms or solutions: 
 Payer-provider collaboration vendors, such as Availity, LLC, Change Healthcare, Inc., Zipari, Cohere Health, and Health Trio, LLC; 
 Payer-Provider Disease Treatment Decision Support vendors, including New Century Health (from Evolent Health), eviCore Healthcare (from Evernorth Health Services), OncoHealth and ClinicalPath (from Elsevier); 
 Network monitoring vendors, including Zabbix, LLC, LogicMonitor, Inc., SolarWinds Worldwide, LLC, SevOne, Splunk and Datadog, Inc. 
 
 The principal competitive factors in our industry include: 
 Breadth and depth of application functionality; 
 Ease of use and performance; 
 Network strength and level of user adoption; 
 Customer testimonials and recommendations; 
 Breadth of customer base; 
 Cloud-based delivery model; 
 Competitive and understandable pricing; 
 Ability to deliver actionable information in a relevant time period; 
 Ability to demonstrate customer s ROI and improvements to clinical outcomes; 
 Size and scope of payer clinical policy knowledge; 
 Sales and marketing capabilities of vendor; 
 Financial stability of vendor; 
 Ability to integrate with legacy enterprise infrastructures and third-party applications; and 
 Ability to innovate and respond rapidly to customer needs and regulatory changes. 
 
 We believe we will compete favorably despite competing against a broad, diverse set of businesses and with increasing competition as other established and emerging companies enter our industry, customer requirements evolve, and new products and technologies are introduced. Moreover, some of our actual and potential competitors have certain advantages over us, such as greater financial, technical, marketing, research and development and other resources, stronger brand and business user recognition, larger installed customer bases, larger intellectual property portfolios and broader global distribution and presence. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development efforts consist primarily of new product research and development, significant product improvements, the development of our knowledge base, the development of our online tools, such as our online portal and mobile applications, and the improvement and augmentation of our data and analytics infrastructure. 
 Our ability to compete and attract new customers depends, in large part, on our continuous commitment to rapidly introduce new applications, technologies, features, and functionality. Our research and development team is responsible for the design and development of our applications and software tools. We follow state-of-the-art practices in software development using modern programming languages, data storage systems, and other tools. 
 - 16 - 

Research and development expenses were 23.0 million and 19.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We expect that our overall research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to innovate our informational technology capabilities, develop additional products, and expand our data management resources. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to our business, including through a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, whether developed internally or acquired from third parties. Further, our commercial success may depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for our technology, inventions, and improvements; to preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets; to defend and enforce our proprietary rights, and to operate without infringing on the valid and enforceable patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. 
 
 We have processes for protecting our intellectual property rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing patent and trademark applications and requiring our employees, consultants and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements. We control access to software, documentation and other proprietary information that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trade secrets and know-how relating to our proprietary technology, continuing innovation, and acquisition and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and maintain our proprietary position in the field of and healthcare technology products and services. 
 
 We have developed and acquired patents and patent applications and we possess substantial know-how, copyrights and trade secrets relating to the development and commercialization of healthcare technology products and services. In January 2016, we acquired NaviNet, a leading payer-provider collaboration platform, and in February 2018 we acquired NantHealth Labs, Inc. (formerly Liquid Genomics, Inc.) a liquid tumor profiling company. As part of these and other acquisitions, we acquired patents and other intellectual property. As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio consisted of the following matters relating to our proprietary technology and inventions: (i) twenty-one (21) issued U.S. utility patents and two (2) issued U.S. design patents; (ii) sixteen (16) pending U.S. utility patent applications; (iii) eighteen (18) issued patents outside the United States; and (iv) three (3) patent applications pending in jurisdictions outside the United States. Twenty-three (23) of these assets are jointly owned. Our patent applications may not result in issued patents, and, even if issued, the patents may be challenged and invalidated. Moreover, our patents and patent applications may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies or developing competing products. 
 
 We estimate that our issued U.S. patents will expire on dates ranging from 2032 to 2041. If patents are issued on our pending U.S. patent applications, the resulting patents are projected to expire on dates ranging from 2033 to 2041. However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country-to-country, and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country, and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 
 
 We may also rely on trade secrets and copyrights to protect our technology. However, trade secrets and copyrights are difficult to protect. We seek to protect our technology and product candidates, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with those who have access to our confidential information and proprietary rights agreements with those who develop our technology, including our employees, contractors, consultants, collaborators, and advisors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our proprietary technology and processes by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. Although we have confidence in these individuals, organizations, and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or may be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our employees, contractors, consultants, collaborators, and advisors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 
 Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or obtain and use our technology to develop applications with the same functionality as our applications. Policing unauthorized use of our technology and intellectual property rights is difficult, and protection of our rights through civil enforcement mechanisms may be expensive and time consuming. 
 
 - 17 - 

Companies in our industry often own a number of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, and enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. We may face allegations in the future that we have infringed the patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights of others. We expect that we and others in our industry will continue to be subject to third-party infringement claims as the functionality of applications in different industry segments overlaps. A third party might make a claim of infringement against us at any time. 
 
 For this and more comprehensive risks related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements and products, please see the section captioned Risk Factors-Risks Related to Intellectual Property. 
 Human Capital and Culture 
 Our key human capital management objectives are focused on attracting, retaining, and developing the highest quality talent. To support these objectives, our human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions for the future; reward and support employees through competitive pay, benefit, and recognition programs; enhance our culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging and inclusive; acquire talent and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing, diverse workforce; engage employees as brand ambassadors of our products and services; and evolve and invest in technology, tools, and resources to enable employees at work. 
 We view our employees and company culture as integral to the successful execution of our vision and mission. As a result, our leadership team prioritizes establishing trusting relationships with our customers, our partners, and each other. We encourage our employees to rise up to the challenge and believe that this collective mindset has enabled us to attract and retain some of the best minds in technology, bioscience and healthcare to build and advance our offering. Our core values, which we seek to reflect in our work are: 
 Clarity: conveying our mission clearly, coherently and intelligibly, and empowering our stakeholders with information required to make good decisions. 
 Empathy: understanding and sharing the feelings of others by putting yourself in another s place. 
 Collaboration : working with others to create solutions. 
 Pioneering: exploring and developing original solutions that make a meaningful impact on our community, the market, or society at large. 
 Community: creating a feeling of identity and fellowship with others resulting from common values and goals. 
 Integrity: always being honest, honorable and accountable with adherence to moral and ethical principles. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed a total of 380 employees in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Our global workforce is comprised of approximately 96 full-time and 4 part-time employees. Employee engagement and retention are core tenets of our leadership focus and are monitored and measured as gauges of our corporate performance and organizational health. 
 None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 Government Regulation 
 
 The healthcare industry and the practice of medicine are governed by an extensive and complex framework of federal and state laws, which continue to evolve and change over time. The costs and resources necessary to comply with these laws are high. Our profitability depends in part upon our ability, and that of our affiliated providers and independent contractors, to operate in compliance with applicable laws and to maintain all applicable licenses. A review of our operations by courts or regulatory authorities could result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations, or the healthcare laws and regulations could change in a way that restricts our operations. To the extent any of our employees or third-party contractors engages in any misconduct or activity in violation of an applicable law, we may be subject to increased liability under the law or increased government scrutiny. If any such action is instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, such action could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. Complying with any new legislation and regulations could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 - 18 - 

As a digital health company, our operations are subject to comprehensive United States federal, state and local and international regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business. Our ability to operate profitably will depend in part upon our ability, and that of our affiliated providers, to maintain all necessary licenses, permits, certifications, or other regulatory authorizations and to operate in compliance with applicable laws and rules. Those laws and rules continue to evolve, and we therefore devote significant resources to monitoring developments in healthcare and medical practice regulation. As the applicable laws and rules change, we are likely to make conforming modifications in our business processes from time to time. In some jurisdictions where we operate, neither our current nor our anticipated business model has been the subject of formal judicial or administrative interpretation. There has been heightened governmental scrutiny over healthcare costs and healthcare fraud and abuse in the digital health, telehealth and telemedicine space, including recent notable enforcement actions involving electronic healthcare records service providers. We cannot be assured that a review of our business by courts or regulatory authorities will not result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations or that the healthcare regulatory environment will not change in a way that impacts our operations. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, state and federal regulatory authorities have temporarily loosened or waived certain regulatory requirements in order to increase the availability of telehealth services for the duration of the COVID-19 public health emergency. Most of these state waivers have expired. In addition, changes were made to the Medicare and Medicaid programs (through waivers and other regulatory authority) to increase access to telehealth services by, among other things, increasing reimbursement, permitting the enrollment of out of state providers and eliminating prior authorization requirements. CMS COVID-19 emergency declaration blanket waivers for health care providers are expected to terminate at the end of the COVID-19 public health emergency, which will be extended through the spring of 2023. Recently, President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on May 11, 2023. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on CMS and other regulatory policies and operations are unclear. Without further extension by the government, a return to the status quo could have a materially negative impact on any commercial agreements we have entered into during 2022 or any time before the termination of the COVID-19 public health emergency. For example, we may be required to change our operations or terminate certain services when the government reinstates certain healthcare regulatory requirements or restrictions that were in place before the COVID-19 public health emergency, including certain restrictions on the reimbursement of telehealth visits to Medicare beneficiaries and state licensure requirements for healthcare professionals who practice medicine across state lines. 
 
 The products and services that we provide are regulated by federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. Failure to comply with the applicable laws and regulations can subject us to significant administrative or enforcement actions by the government, government investigation, repayment of amounts previously paid to us, significant civil and criminal penalties, loss of licensure, certification, or accreditation, exclusion from government healthcare programs, corporate integrity agreements, or litigation. The significant areas of regulation are summarized below. 
 HIPAA and HITECH 
 Under the administrative simplification provisions of HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH Act, the HHS issued regulations that establish uniform standards governing the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protecting the privacy and security of protected health information used or disclosed by healthcare providers and other covered entities. Three principal regulations with which we are required to comply have been issued in final form under HIPAA: privacy regulations, security regulations, and standards for electronic transactions, which establish standards for common healthcare transactions. The privacy and security regulations were extensively amended in 2013 to incorporate requirements from the HITECH Act. 
 The privacy regulations cover the use and disclosure of protected health information by healthcare providers and other covered entities. They also set forth certain rights that an individual has with respect to his or her protected health information maintained by a covered entity, including the right to access or amend certain records containing protected health information, or to request restrictions on the use or disclosure of protected health information. The security regulations establish requirements for safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of protected health information that is electronically transmitted or electronically stored. The HITECH Act, among other things, makes certain of HIPAA s privacy and security standards applicable to business associates of covered entities, and established certain protected health information security breach notification requirements. A covered entity must notify affected individual(s) and the HHS when there is a breach of unsecured protected health information. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations establish a uniform federal floor that covered entities and their business associates must meet and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent or provide individuals with greater rights with respect to the privacy or security of, and access to, their records containing protected health information. These laws contain significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of protected health information. 
 In addition to the federal privacy regulations, there are several state laws regarding the privacy and security of health information and personal data that are applicable to our operations. The compliance requirements of these laws, including additional breach reporting requirements, and the penalties for violation vary widely and new privacy and security laws in this area are evolving. Massachusetts, for example, has a state law that protects the privacy and security of personal information of 
 - 19 - 

Massachusetts residents that is more prescriptive than HIPAA. Requirements of these laws and penalties for violations vary widely. We believe that we have taken the steps required of us to comply with health information privacy and security statutes and regulations in all jurisdictions, both state and federal. However, we may not be able to maintain compliance in all jurisdictions where we do business. Failure to maintain compliance, or changes in state or federal laws regarding privacy or security, could result in civil and/or criminal penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Federal, State and Foreign Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 In the United States, there are various fraud and abuse laws with which we must comply and we are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities, including CMS, other divisions of the HHS (e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the U.S. Department of Justice, and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, and state and local governments. We also may be subject to foreign fraud and abuse laws. 
 In the United States, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for patient referrals for, or purchasing, leasing, ordering, recommending or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of, any healthcare item or service reimbursable under a governmental payer program. Courts have stated that a financial arrangement may violate the Anti-Kickback Statute if any one purpose of the arrangement is to encourage patient referrals or other federal healthcare program business, regardless of whether there are other legitimate purposes for the arrangement. The definition of remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including gifts, discounts, credit arrangements, payments of cash, consulting fees, waivers of co-payments, ownership interests, and providing anything at less than its fair market value. Recognizing that the Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and may technically prohibit many innocuous or beneficial arrangements within the healthcare industry, the HHS issued a series of regulatory safe harbors. These safe harbor regulations set forth certain provisions, which, if met, will assure healthcare providers and other parties that they will not be prosecuted under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Although full compliance with these safe harbor provisions ensures against prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit within a specific safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the transaction or arrangement is illegal or that prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute will be pursued. That said, non-compliance with all the requirements of a safe harbor can increase the risk of the transaction or arrangement and may increase the risk of government scrutiny. Many states also have anti-kickback statutes, some of which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers. 
 In addition, federal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, prohibit, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Recently, several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, and thus generally non-reimbursable, uses. The civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. 
 HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payers and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 
 In addition, various states have enacted false claim laws analogous to the federal False Claims Act, although many of these state laws apply where a claim is submitted to any third-party payer and not merely a governmental payer program. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions, private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, or refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. The costs of defending such claims, as well as any sanctions imposed, could significantly affect our financial performance. 
 - 20 - 

Additionally, entities that perform prior authorization and utilization management functions as a delegated entity are subject to additional federal and state requirements, directly and indirectly, including, but not limited to, credentialing, accreditation or licensing requirements and standards (such as requirements of the National Committee for Quality Assurance), state prior authorization laws, Medicare and Medicaid regulations, manuals and policies, and other federal and state laws and standards related to delegation, prior authorization, and utilization management. Health plans and other healthcare organizations that contract with delegated entities typically flow down extensive federal and state requirements to delegated entities, which can increase the cost of operations and exposure to potential liabilities for such delegated entities. Delegated entities are also subject to audits and oversight by healthcare plans as well as federal and state regulatory authorities. To the extent federal and state government programs or regulatory authorities change current laws, regulations or policies, or the prior authorization process and related requirements, such changes could impact our business operations. Complying with new regulatory requirements or changes to current regulations could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose regulatory licensure or authorization for our products and services, be exposed to contractual liabilities, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. Efforts to ensure compliance with applicable healthcare laws and regulations can involve substantial costs. Violations of healthcare laws can result in significant penalties, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other U.S. healthcare programs, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring of operations. 
 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits any United States individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring us to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, if any, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 In Europe, various countries have adopted anti-bribery laws providing for severe consequences, in the form of criminal penalties and/or significant fines, for individuals and/or companies committing a bribery offence. Violations of these anti-bribery laws, or allegations of such violations, could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and reputation. For instance, in the United Kingdom, under the Bribery Act 2010, which went into effect in July 2011, a bribery occurs when a person offers, gives or promises to give a financial or other advantage to induce or reward another individual to improperly perform certain functions or activities, including any function of a public nature. Bribery of foreign public officials also falls within the scope of the Bribery Act 2010. Under the new regime, an individual found in violation of the Bribery Act 2010 faces imprisonment of up to 10 years. In addition, the individual can be subject to an unlimited fine, as can commercial organizations for failure to prevent bribery. 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine 
 Numerous states have enacted laws prohibiting business corporations, such as us, from practicing medicine and employing or engaging physicians to practice medicine, generally referred to as the prohibition against the corporate practice of medicine. Many states also have fee splitting laws that prohibit splitting or sharing medical professional fees with other persons or entities who did not perform the medical services unless an exception applies. These laws are designed to prevent interference in the medical decision-making process by anyone who is not a licensed physician. Violation of these corporate practice of medicine laws may result in civil or criminal fines, as well as sanctions imposed against us and/or the physician through licensure proceedings. Typically, such laws are only applicable to entities that conduct business or interact with patients located in that state. Additionally, claims that violate the corporate practice of medicine or other FDA or healthcare laws may increase our liability under the federal False Claims Act and comparable state false claims laws. 
 - 21 - 

Healthcare Reform 
 
 The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted several legislative and regulatory proposals designed to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our business. In the United States, there is significant interest in promoting changes in the health care system with the stated goal of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. For example, the Affordable Care Act ("ACA") contains certain measures that may be significant for our business. The ACA includes, among other things, provisions regarding initiatives to revise Medicare payment methodologies; the coordination and promotion of research on comparative clinical effectiveness of different technologies and procedures; and initiatives to promote quality indicators in payment methodologies. 
 
 There have been other health reform measures taken since the enactment of the ACA. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. Beginning April 1, 2013, Medicare payments to providers were reduced by 2 under the sequestration required by the Budget Control Act of 2011, which will remain in effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments can vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Furthermore, on January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, increased the statute of limitations for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three years to five years. 
 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. In June 2021, the United States Supreme Court held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Accordingly, the ACA remains in effect in its current form. It is unclear how this Supreme Court decision, future litigation, or healthcare measures promulgated by the Biden administration will impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Complying with any new legislation or changes in healthcare regulation could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. The healthcare industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. We face uncertainties that might result from legislative, executive, and administrative actions and future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented by at the federal and state levels. For example, in August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. Any changes to the ACA or implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms are likely to have an impact on our results of operations and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, or may prevent us from being able to generate revenue or attain profitability. We cannot predict what other healthcare programs and regulations will ultimately be implemented at the federal or state level or the effect of any future legislation or regulation in the United States may have on our business. 
 
 Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs and subject us to additional regulatory requirements that may interrupt commercialization of our current and future solutions. Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs, decrease our revenues and impact sales of and reimbursement for our current and future solutions. The Affordable Care Act substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impact our industry. The Act contains a number of provisions that impact our business and operations, some of which in ways we cannot currently predict, including those governing enrollments in federal healthcare programs and reimbursement changes. 
 
 Other Regulatory Requirements 
 
 To the extent we develop any products that implicate environmental, hazardous substances or emissions or other occupational safety laws, we may be subject to federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and policies governing the use, generation, manufacture, storage, emission, effluent discharge, handling and disposal of certain hazardous and potentially hazardous substances used in connection with our operations. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 We have no material backlog of orders. 
 
 - 22 - 

Geographic and Segment Information 
 
 During 2022, substantially all of our long-lived assets were located within the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. 
 
 Revenues from international markets were approximately 1 and 1 of our consolidated revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We operate in one segment. The Company has one business activity and does not segregate its business for internal reporting. Accordingly, management has determined that the Company operates in one reportable segment. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our revenues are not seasonal in nature. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 We were founded in 2010 as a Delaware limited liability company under the name About Advanced Health, LLC. In 2011, our affiliates NantWorks, LLC, ("NantWorks"), and California Capital Equity, LLC, or ("Cal Cap"), purchased certain assets from Abraxis Bioscience, LLC, which were subsequently contributed to us. We subsequently changed our name to All About Advanced Health, LLC, and then to Nant Health, LLC. On June 1, 2016, in connection with our initial public offering, we converted from a limited liability company into a Delaware corporation and changed our name from Nant Health, LLC to NantHealth, Inc., which we refer to as the LLC Conversion. In conjunction with the LLC Conversion, (a) all of our outstanding units were automatically converted into shares of our common stock, based on the relative rights of our pre-IPO equity holders as set forth in the Nant Health, LLC limited liability company agreement, or the LLC Agreement, and (b) we adopted and filed a certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and adopted bylaws. Our principal executive offices are located at 3000 RDU Center, Suite 200, Morrisville, North Carolina 27500 and our telephone number is (855) 949-6268. Our corporate website address is www.nanthealth.com. We make available on our website, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations page of our website located at http://ir.nanthealth.com/. 
 
 The contents of our website are not a part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as all other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes thereto and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , any of which may be relevant to decisions regarding an investment in or ownership of our common stock. Our future operating results may vary substantially from anticipated results due to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. The following discussion highlights some of these risks and uncertainties and the possible impact of these risks on future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, operating results, prospects and ability to accomplish our strategic objectives could be materially harmed. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 - 23 - 

Risk Factor Summary 
 Risks related to our business approach 
 We may not be successful in implementing our transformative plan and we are considering all strategic alternatives, including restructuring or refinancing of our debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying our business activities and strategic initiatives, or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures. 
 We are an early commercial-stage company attempting to integrate complex platforms and systems to address a wide range of healthcare issues, and we may not be successful in doing so. 
 The success of NantHealth solutions is dependent upon the robustness of the information we and others input into our platforms and systems to achieve maximum network effects, and if we are unable to amass and input the requisite data to achieve these effects, our business will be adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to appropriately allocate our financial and human resources across our broad array of product and service offerings. 
 Risks related to our financial condition and capital requirements : 
 If we are unable to obtain additional funding in the future, we believe a substantial doubt would exist regarding our ability to continue as a going concern 
 We may need to raise additional capital to fund our existing operations, develop our solutions, commercialize new products and expand our operations. 
 We have a history of significant losses, which we expect to continue, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 
 Risks related to our capital structure 
 
 The Credit Agreement governing our senior secured term loan facility restricts our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt or related interest. 
 The convertible note holders will not be entitled to any rights with respect to our common stock, but will be subject to all changes made with respect to our common stock. 
 Risks related to our system infrastructure and software solutions business : 
 The market for our systems infrastructure and software solutions is new and unproven and may not grow. 
 The data and information that we provide to our customers and their constituents, could be inaccurate or incomplete, which could harm both patients and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our use of open source technology could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our offerings. 
 If we are not able to enhance our systems infrastructure or software solutions to achieve market acceptance and keep pace with technological developments, our business will be harmed. 
 A large portion of our revenue is derived from a small group of our customers, and the loss of such customers could adversely affect our business. 
 If we experience fraudulent activity relating to our system infrastructure and products, we could incur substantial costs 
 We face intense competition in our markets, and we may be unable to compete effectively for new customers. 
 Risks related to our OpenNMS open source business: 
 Our OpenNMS business incorporates third-party open source software, which could negatively affect our ability to sell our OpenNMS solutions and subject us to possible litigation. 
 Because of the characteristics of open source software, there may be fewer technology barriers to entry in the open source market by new competitors and it may be relatively easy for new and existing competitors with greater resources than we have to compete with our OpenNMS business. 
 - 24 - 

Risks related to our relationships with our employee other companies: 
 We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or which could cause errors or failures of our service which could damage our reputation, harm our ability to attract and maintain customers and decrease our revenue. 
 We are heavily dependent on our senior management, particularly Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, and a loss of a member of our senior management team in the future could harm our business. 
 Risks related to our business generally: 
 We have in the past and may in the future acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect operating results. 
 Our marketing efforts depend significantly on our ability to receive positive references from our existing customers. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Risks related to intellectual property : 
 We may be unable to adequately protect, and we may incur significant costs in enforcing, our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Litigation or other proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to spend significant time and money and could prevent us from selling our products and services. 
 Risks related to government regulation: 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and thus, we are subject to several laws, regulations and industry initiatives, non-compliance with certain of which could materially adversely affect our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable health information privacy and security laws and other state and federal privacy and security laws, we may be subject to significant liabilities, reputational harm and other negative consequences, including decreasing the willingness of current and potential customers to work with us. 
 If we, including our employees, suppliers, distributors, independent contractors, and agents acting on our behalf, fail to comply with federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, including those governing submissions of false or fraudulent claims to government healthcare programs and financial relationships with healthcare providers, we may be subject to significant civil and criminal penalties and/or loss of eligibility to participate in government healthcare programs. 
 Risks related to our common stock : 
 Dr. Soon-Shiong, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our principal stockholder, and entities affiliated with him, collectively own a significant majority of our common stock and will exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, regardless of the wishes of other stockholders. 
 Dr. Soon-Shiong, has significant interests in other companies which may conflict with our interests. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. This volatility may affect the price at which you could sell our common stock, the notes and any common stock you receive upon conversion of your notes. 
 Our common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Global Select Market if we cannot regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. 
 
 - 25 - 

Risks related to our business approach 
 We may not be successful in implementing our transformative plan and we are considering all strategic alternatives, including restructuring or refinancing of our debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying our business activities and strategic initiatives, or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures. 
 We are undertaking a number of actions to support our ongoing transformation, including but not limited to, cost cutting, and lowering capital expenditures. The timely achievement of our transformative plan as well as our ability to maintain an adequate level of liquidity are subject to various risks, some of which are outside of our control. We may not be successful in implementing our transformative plan or such initiatives may not be successful, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we continue to consider all strategic alternatives including restructuring or refinancing our debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying our business activities and strategic initiatives, or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures. We may not be able to successfully execute any strategic alternatives we are currently considering or any others, and our ability to do so could be adversely affected by numerous factors, including changes in the economic or business environment, financial market volatility and the performance of our business. We caution that trading in our securities is highly speculative and poses substantial risks and that trading prices for our securities may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, if any, by holders of our securities if we seek protection under federal or state law. 
 We are an early commercial-stage company attempting to integrate complex platforms and systems to address a wide range of healthcare issues, and we may not be successful in doing so. 
 We are an early commercial-stage company with a business model based upon a novel approach to healthcare. NantHealth solutions are designed to address many of the key challenges healthcare constituents face by enabling them to move, interpret, and visualize complex and highly sensitive information, combine diagnostic inputs with phenotypic and cost data, analyze datasets and clinical research, securely deliver data to providers in a clinical setting to aid selection of the appropriate treatments, and demonstrate improved patient outcomes and costs. Integration across our systems infrastructure and platforms may take longer than we expect or may never occur at all. 
 We have engaged and may in the future engage in the acquisition or disposition of other companies, technologies, and businesses which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
 Based on the above factors, it may take longer than we expect, or we may never be able, to fully integrate our system as planned. If our integration efforts are not successful, we may not be able to attract new customers and to expand our offerings to existing customers. 
 The success of NantHealth solutions is dependent upon the robustness of the information we and others input into our platforms and systems to achieve maximum network effects, and if we are unable to amass and input the requisite data to achieve these effects, our business will be adversely affected. 
 NantHealth solutions become more valuable as more accurate and clinically relevant information is integrated into them, and our ultimate outputs and recommendations to a patient, provider or payer are therefore highly dependent on the information that is input into our platforms and systems. As a result, we need to consistently and continuously have access to and integrate the most medically relevant and cutting-edge clinical data and research studies with patient-specific data. Further, to have access to certain other data points, we rely in part on third parties to supply or in some instances to generate more data to be integrated into NantHealth solutions. These third parties may never develop data interfaces or applications compatible with our software solutions or may develop them at a slower rate than our ability to address shifts in healthcare. In addition, if such third-party solutions are not produced to specification, are produced in accordance with modified specifications, or are defective, they may not be compatible with our systems. In such case, the reliability and performance of our products may be compromised. To the extent we are unable to amass sufficient data, keep an inflow of current and continuous data or integrate and access the data we currently have to continue to populate NantHealth solutions, the network effects we expect will not be fully realized and our business may be adversely affected. 
 - 26 - 

We may be unable to appropriately allocate our financial and human resources across our broad array of product and service offerings. 
 We have a broad array of product and service offerings. Our management team is responsible for allocating resources across these products and services and may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with certain products or services that later prove to have greater commercial potential. These and other resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on attractive products or services or market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and future products or services may not yield commercially viable products or services or may fail to optimize the anticipated network effects of NantHealth solutions. If our management team is unable to appropriately prioritize the allocation of our resources among our broad range of products and services in an efficient manner, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Risks related to our financial condition and capital requirements 
 As disclosed in Note 1 of our consolidated audited financial statements, we believe that our current level of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with committed financing facilities, are not sufficient to fund ongoing operations for at least the twelve-month period after the financial statements are issued without additional funding or financing. 
 Our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 are prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. The going concern basis of presentation assumes that we will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from our inability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 1.8 million. Further, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, negative cash flows in pursuit of our business plans for at least the twelve-month period following the date the financial statements are issued. Without giving effect to the prospect of raising additional capital from Highbridge and Nant Capital, increasing revenue in the near future or executing other mitigating plans, many of which are beyond our control, it is unlikely that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our required financial obligations, including our debt service and other obligations due to third parties. Management s plans to address this uncertainty are discussed under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our success in obtaining additional equity or debt financing, attaining further operating efficiencies, reducing expenditures and ultimately, generating significant revenue growth. Our plans to raise additional capital, including our ability to consummate any equity or debt financing, or take other actions to address any doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern, may not be successful. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under acceptable terms, if at all. The perception of our ability to continue as a going concern may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations and could result in the loss of confidence by investors, customers and employees, and continued cash losses may risk our status as a going concern. 
 Our business would be adversely affected if we are unable to service our debt obligations. 
 We have incurred substantial indebtedness under our 2021 Notes. Our ability to pay interest and principal when due, comply with debt covenants or repurchase the 2021 Notes if a change of control occurs, will depend upon, among other things, sales and cash flow levels and other factors that affect our future financial and operating performance, including prevailing economic conditions and financial and business factors, many of which are beyond our control. Given the current economic environment, and ongoing challenges to our business, we may be unable to service our debt obligations, or comply with the other terms of the 2021 Notes, which would among other things, result in an event of default under the indenture governing the 2021 Notes. 
 
 The principal sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, borrowings under affiliated and non-affiliated debt, and equity sales. We have incurred net losses in our most recently completed three fiscal years, including a net loss of 67.8 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We may continue to incur net losses in future periods, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and ability to service our debt obligations, and due to the risks inherent in our operations, our future net losses may be greater than our past net losses. Our ability to achieve our business and cash flow plans is based on a number of assumptions which involve significant judgments and estimates of future performance, borrowing capacity and credit availability, which cannot at all times be assured. Accordingly, there is no assurance that cash flows from operations and other internal and external sources of liquidity will at all times be sufficient for our cash requirements. If necessary, we may need to consider actions and steps to improve our cash position and mitigate any potential liquidity shortfall, such as modifying our business plan, pursuing additional financing to the extent available, reducing capital expenditures, pursuing and evaluating other alternatives and opportunities to obtain additional sources of liquidity and other potential actions to reduce costs. There can be no assurance that any of these actions would be successful, sufficient or available on favorable terms. Any inability to generate or obtain sufficient levels of liquidity to meet our cash requirements at the level and times needed would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial position. 
 - 27 - 

If we become unable in the future to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt service requirements, we may be forced to take remedial actions such as restructuring or refinancing our debt; seeking additional debt or equity capital; reducing or delaying our business activities and strategic initiatives, selling assets, or other strategic transactions and/or measures. There can be no assurance that any such measures would be successful. 
 
 Our ability to obtain any additional financing or any refinancing of our debt, if needed at any time, depends upon many factors, including our existing level of indebtedness and restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness, historical business performance, financial projections, the value and sufficiency of collateral, prospects and creditworthiness, external economic conditions and general liquidity in the credit and capital markets. Any additional debt, equity or equity-linked financing may require modification of our existing debt agreements, which there is no assurance would be obtainable. Any additional financing or refinancing could also be extended only at higher costs and require us to satisfy more restrictive covenants, which could further limit or restrict our business and results of operations, or be dilutive to our stockholders. 
 Our degree of leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and expose us to interest rate risk on our variable rate debt. 
 We have a significant amount of debt outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, we had 137.5 million of loans outstanding under the 2021 Notes, and 123.7 million of related party loans outstanding. 
 
 Our degree of leverage could have consequences, including: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; 
 requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures, research and development and future business opportunities; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates under our credit facilities to the extent such facilities have variable rates of interest, as well as to refinancing risks as facilities mature; 
 limiting our ability to make strategic acquisitions and investments; 
 limiting our ability to refinance our indebtedness as it becomes due; and 
 limiting our ability to adjust quickly or at all to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged. 
 
 General economic, financial market, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors, among other things, may negatively affect our ability to fund our debt requirements or reduce our debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Despite our level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness. The incurrence of additional indebtedness could further exacerbate the risks associated with our degree of leverage. 
 We and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Although our indenture governing the 2021 Notes contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and any indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. In addition, the indenture for the 2021 Notes does not restrict us from incurring additional debt provided it is subordinate to the 2021 Notes. To the extent we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt beyond anticipated debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries face could intensify. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to fund our existing operations, develop our solutions, commercialize new products and expand our operations. 
 We may consider raising additional capital in the future to fund our ongoing operations, expand our business, to pursue strategic investments, to take advantage of financing opportunities, or for other reasons, including to: 
 
 increase our sales and marketing efforts to drive market adoption of NantHealth solutions; 
 address competitive developments; 
 fund development and marketing efforts of any future platforms and solutions; 
 expand adoption of Eviti platform solutions into critical illnesses outside of oncology; 
 acquire, license or invest in complementary businesses, technologies or service offerings; and 
 - 28 - 

finance capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Our present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 
 our ability to achieve revenue growth; 
 the cost of expanding our products and service offerings, including our sales and marketing efforts; 
 our ability to achieve interoperability across all of our acquired businesses, technologies and service offerings to deliver networking effects to our customers; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 costs related to international expansion; and 
 the potential cost of and delays in product development as a result of any regulatory oversight applicable to our products. 
 
 The various ways we could raise additional capital carry potential risks. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to our stockholders could result. Any equity securities issued also could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, those debt securities would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could impose significant restrictions on our operations. 
 We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance. 
 We were organized as a limited liability company in Delaware and began operations in 2010. In June 2016, we converted to a Delaware corporation. Additionally, our business has operated as part of the larger NantWorks, LLC ("NantWorks") group of affiliated companies. Our limited independent operating history, particularly in light of the increasingly complex and rapidly evolving healthcare and technology markets in which we operate, may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance. In addition, we have acquired numerous companies or businesses over the past five years, including certain assets of NaviNet, NantHealth Labs, and most recently OpenNMS. In addition, in August 2017, we sold our provider/patient engagement solutions business to Allscripts and in February 2020, we sold assets relating to our connected care business to Masimo. We have had limited experience operating these businesses as a whole and as such, it may be difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future operating performance. In light of the foregoing, any assessment of our profitability or prediction about our future success or viability is subject to significant uncertainty. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early, commercial-stage companies in rapidly evolving industries. If we do not address these challenges successfully, our business results will suffer. 
 We have a history of significant losses, which we expect to continue, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred significant net losses from continuing operations in each fiscal year since inception and expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We experienced net losses of 67.8 million and 58.5 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.1 billion. The losses and accumulated deficit were primarily due to the substantial investments we made to grow our business and enhance our systems infrastructure and platforms. We have grown our business through research and development and the acquisition of assets, businesses and customers. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we seek to continue to grow our business, including through strategic acquisitions, and build and further penetrate our customer base and develop our product and service offerings, including (i) expansion of the features and capabilities of our NaviNet and Eviti product lines and (ii) expanding the OpenNMS solutions through the creation of cloud solutions and the addition of hardware devices for edge monitoring. These efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. 
 
 In addition, inflationary pressure, including as a result of supply shortages, may adversely impact our financial results and our operating costs may increase. We may not fully offset these cost increases by raising prices for our products and services, which could result in downward pressure on our margins. Further, our customers may choose to reduce their business with us if we increase our pricing. 
 
 Our prior losses, combined with our expected future losses, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders deficit and working capital. We expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable on a quarterly or annual basis, or if we do, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to achieve and sustain profitability in the future would negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 - 29 - 

Risks related to our capital structure 
 The Credit Agreement governing our senior secured term loan facility restricts our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 
 The Credit Agreement governing our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility are collateralized by substantially all of our assets, including our subsidiaries and intellectual property, and impose significant operating and financial restrictions and limit our ability and our other restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 
 incur additional indebtedness for borrowed money and guarantee indebtedness; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, capital stock; 
 enter into any new line of business not reasonably related to our existing business; 
 prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; 
 make loans and investments; 
 sell or otherwise dispose of assets; 
 incur liens; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 enter into agreements restricting our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 
 
 In addition, the Credit Agreement requires us to guarantee the 2021 Notes secured by second priority liens collateralized by substantially all of our assets including our subsidiaries and intellectual property with substantially similar restrictions as described above within forty-five (45) days after the closing of the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. 
 
 As a result of these covenants and restrictions, we are and will be limited in how we conduct our business, and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. In addition, our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility requires us to comply with a minimum liquidity covenant. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility, as well as any future financing agreements that we may enter into, may restrict our ability to finance our operations, engage in business activities or expand or fully pursue our business strategies. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to meet those covenants. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain compliance with certain financial covenants in our debt agreements in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. 
 
 Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants described above as well as others contained in our future debt instruments from time to time could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their due date. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in the declaration that all outstanding principal and interest under the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility is immediately due and payable in whole or in part, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt or related interest. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the senior secured term loan facility, the 2021 Notes, the 2022 Nant Capital Note, and the 2022 Airstrip Note, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. For example, on April 13, 2021 we and our wholly owned subsidiary, NaviNet, as guarantor, entered into a note purchase agreement with Highbridge Capital Management, LLC and certain other buyers, including Nant Capital, LLC, ("Nant Capital") to issue and sell 137.5 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2021 Notes in a private placement pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The 2021 Notes were issued on April 27, 2021. In addition, under the terms of the 2021 Notes, we may be required to repurchase the notes of such series at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of such notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of a fundamental changes (as defined in the indenture governing the 2021 Notes). For example, in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes and the related amended 
 - 30 - 

and restated promissory notes on April 27, 2021, we provided a notice of fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing our 5.5 senior convertible notes due 2021 (the 2016 Notes )) and an offer to repurchase all of the outstanding 2016 Notes. On May 25, 2021, we purchased approximately 55.6 million of the outstanding 2016 Notes Fundamental Change Repurchase and paid approximately 1.4 million of accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of, and pursuant to, the Credit Agreement, we also entered into (1) a subordination agreement (the Subordination Agreement with Nant Capital and Airstrip (collectively, the Affiliated Lenders ), who are holders of certain affiliated debt of ours, and (2) a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement with certain entities affiliated with Highbridge and Nant Capital, who are holders of the 2021 Notes issued pursuant to the 2021 Indenture. The Subordination Agreement provides, among other things, that any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on certain subordinated debt held by the Affiliated Lenders shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment of the full Senior Secured Term Loan Facility so long as the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility is outstanding. The Letter Agreement provides that, among other things, (1) the holders of the 2021 Notes shall waive compliance with certain provisions of the 2021 Indenture, including, but not limited to, restrictions on borrowings from an affiliate lender of ours and any current or future Default or Event of Default (as each term is defined in the 2021 Indenture) pursuant to any breach of Section 4.10 of the 2021 Indenture arising from any borrowing made by the affiliated lender to the Company, each such waiver is solely in connection with the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility, (2) prohibit the holders of the 2021 Notes from exercising any right to require us to repurchase any or all of the 2021 Notes upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as defined in the 2021 Indenture) solely in connection with our common stock being delisted from the Nasdaq Global Select Market or similar securities exchange for a period beginning on the Closing Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and ending on the date that is five (5) months after the Closing Date, and (3) restricting the holders of the 2021 Notes from disposing of or otherwise transferring the 2021 Notes to any person other than an affiliate of such holder, until the approval of the Indenture Consent (as defined in the Letter Agreement). 
 
 Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt, including the 2021 Notes, and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. 
 The convertible note holders will not be entitled to any rights with respect to our common stock, but will be subject to all changes made with respect to our common stock. 
 
 Holders of notes will not be entitled to any rights with respect to our common stock (including, without limitation, voting rights and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on our common stock), but note holders will be subject to all changes affecting our common stock. For example, if an amendment is proposed to our certificate of incorporation requiring stockholder approval and the record date for determining the stockholders of record entitled to vote on the amendment occurs prior to the relevant conversion date, such holder will not be entitled to vote on the amendment to our certificate of incorporation, although such holder will nevertheless be subject to any changes in the powers, preferences or special rights of our common stock. 
 - 31 - 

Risks related to our system infrastructure and software solutions business 
 The market for our systems infrastructure and software solutions is new and unproven and may not grow. 
 We believe our future success will depend in large part on establishing and growing a market for our systems infrastructure and that our solutions and systems are able to provide operational intelligence, particularly designed to collect and index machine data. Our systems infrastructure and software solutions are designed to address interoperability challenges across the healthcare continuum. They integrate big data with real time resources and, for some functions and features apply machine learning algorithms to inform and optimize treatment decisions. In order to grow our business, we intend to expand the functionality of our offerings to increase acceptance and use by the broader market. In particular, our Eviti and NaviNet systems infrastructure and software solutions are targeted at those in the healthcare continuum that are transitioning from fee-for-service to a value-based reimbursement model. While we believe this to be the current trend in healthcare, this trend may not continue in the future. Our systems infrastructure and software solutions are less effective with a traditional fee-for-service model and if there is a reversion in the industry towards fee-for-service, or a shift to another model, we would need to update our offerings and we may not be able to do so effectively or at all. It is difficult to predict customer adoption and renewal rates, customer demand for our software, the size and growth rate of the market for our solutions, the entry of competitive products or the success of existing competitive products. Many of our potential customers may already be party to existing agreements for competing offerings that may have lengthy terms or onerous termination provisions, and they may have already made substantial investments into those platforms which would result in high switching costs. Any expansion in our market depends on several factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our solutions, particularly considering the shifting market dynamics. The rate of adoption of our systems infrastructure and software solutions, may slow or decline in the future, which would harm our business and operating results. In addition, while many large payers use our solutions, many of these entities use only certain of our offerings, and we may not be successful in driving broader adoption of our solutions among these existing users, which would limit our revenue growth. 
 If the market for our offerings does not achieve widespread adoption or there is a reduction in demand for our offerings caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, lack of accessible machine data, competing technologies or products, decreases in corporate spending, weakening economic conditions, or otherwise, it could result in reduced customer orders, early terminations, reduced renewal rates or decreased revenues, any of which would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter in this new and unproven market. 
 The data and information that we provide to our customers and their constituents, could be inaccurate or incomplete, which could harm both patients and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some of our software solutions store and display data from a variety of third-party sources for use in treating patients and to search and compare options for healthcare services and treatments. As part of our Eviti platform, we provide up-to-date information regarding research in the diseases that our solutions support (e.g. cancer and autoimmune disease). along with a list of potential treatments and relevant clinical trials seeking enrollment. Most of this data comes from health plans, our customers, published guidelines, peer-reviewed journals and other third parties. Because data in the healthcare industry is often fragmented in origin, inconsistent in format and often incomplete, the overall quality of certain types of data we receive can be poor. If this data is incorrect or incomplete or if we make mistakes in the capture or input of their data, or in our interpretation or analysis of such data, adverse consequences, including patient death and serious injury, may occur and give rise to product liability and other claims against us. In addition, a court or government agency may take the position that our storage and display of health information exposes us to personal injury liability or other liability for wrongful delivery or handling of healthcare services or erroneous health information. While we maintain insurance coverage, we cannot assure that this coverage will prove to be adequate or will continue to be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Even unsuccessful claims could result in substantial costs, reputational damage, and diversion of management resources. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or under-insured could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 - 32 - 

Our use of open source technology could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our offerings. 
 Our offerings incorporate open source software components that are licensed to us under various public domain licenses. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. There is little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of many of the terms of these licenses and therefore the potential impact of such terms on our business is not fully known or predictable. There is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our software products and services. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code of our proprietary solutions or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur and we may be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer one or more of our offerings, discontinue sales of one or more of our offerings in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could cause us to breach obligations to our customers, harm our reputation, result in customer losses or claims, increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 If we are not able to enhance our systems infrastructure or software solutions to achieve market acceptance and keep pace with technological developments, our business will be harmed. 
 Our ability to attract new subscribers and licensees, and increase revenue from existing subscribers and licensees, depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our existing offerings and to introduce new products and services, including products and services designed for a mobile user environment. To grow our business, we must develop products and services that reflect the changing nature of business management software and expand our offerings. The success of any enhancements to our offerings depends on several factors, including timely completion, adequate quality testing and sufficient demand. Any new product or service that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain defects or may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. If we are unable to successfully develop new products or services, enhance our existing offerings to meet subscriber requirements or otherwise gain market acceptance, our business and operating results will be harmed. 
 In addition, because many of our offerings are available over the Internet, we need to continuously modify and enhance them to keep pace with changes in Internet-related hardware, software, communications and database technologies and standards. If we are unable to respond in a timely and cost-effective manner to these rapid technological developments and changes in standards, our offerings may become less marketable, less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results will be harmed. If new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive products and applications at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently or more securely, such technologies could adversely impact our ability to compete. Our offerings must also integrate with a variety of network, hardware, mobile, and software platforms and technologies, and we need to continuously modify and enhance them to adapt to changes and innovation in these technologies. Any failure of our offerings to operate effectively with future infrastructure platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for such offerings. If we are unable to respond to these changes in a cost-effective manner, our offerings may become less marketable, less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our data suppliers might restrict our use of or refuse to license data, which could lead to our inability to provide certain products or services. 
 A portion of the data that we use is either purchased or licensed from third parties or is obtained from our customers for specific customer engagements. Although we typically enter into long-term contractual arrangements with many of these suppliers of data, at the time of entry into a new contract or renewal of an existing contract, suppliers may increase restrictions on our use of such data, increase the price they charge us for data or refuse altogether to license the data to us. In addition, during the term of any data supply contract, suppliers may fail to adhere to our data quality control standards or fail to deliver data. Further, although no single individual data supplier is material to our business, if a number of suppliers collectively representing a significant amount of data that we use for one or more of our services were to impose additional contractual restrictions on our use of or access to data, fail to adhere to our quality-control standards, repeatedly fail to deliver data or refuse to provide data, now or in the future, our ability to provide those services to our customers could be materially adversely impacted, which may harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 - 33 - 

We believe that we have rights necessary to use the data that is incorporated into our offerings. However, in the future, data providers could withdraw their data from us if there is a competitive reason to do so, or if legislation is passed restricting the use of such data, or if judicial interpretations are issued restricting the use of the data that we currently use in our products and services. If a substantial number of data providers were to withdraw their data, our ability to provide our offerings to our customers could be materially adversely impacted. 
 
 For example, in order to deliver the full functionality offered by some of our solutions, we need access, on behalf of our customers, to sources of pricing and claims data, much of which is managed by a limited number of health plans and other third parties. We have developed various long-term and short-term data sharing relationships with certain health plans and other third parties, including some of the largest health plans in the United States. The health plans and other third parties that we currently work with may, in the future, change their position and limit or eliminate our access to pricing and claims data, increase the costs charged to us for access to data, provide data to us in more limited or less useful formats, or restrict our permitted uses of data. Furthermore, some health plans have developed or are developing their own proprietary price and quality estimation tools and may perceive continued cooperation with us as a competitive disadvantage and choose to limit or discontinue our access to pricing and claims data. Failure to continue to maintain and expand our access to pricing and claims data will adversely impact our ability to continue to serve existing customers and expand our offerings to new customers. 
 Failure by our customers to obtain proper permissions and waivers may result in claims against us or may limit or prevent our use of data which could harm our business. 
 We require our customers and business associates to provide necessary notices and to obtain necessary permissions and waivers for use and disclosure of the information that we receive, and we require contractual assurances from them that they have done so and will do so. If they do not obtain necessary permissions and waivers, then our use and disclosure of information that we receive from them or on their behalf may be limited or prohibited by state or federal privacy laws or other laws. This could impair our functions, processes and databases that reflect, contain or are based upon such data and may prevent use of such data. In addition, this could interfere with or prevent creation or use of rules, analyses or other data-driven activities that benefit us. Moreover, we may be subject to claims or liability for use or disclosure of information by reason of lack of valid notice, permission or waiver. These claims or liabilities could subject us to unexpected costs and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our sales cycle can be lengthy and unpredictable, which may cause our revenue and operating results to fluctuate significantly. 
 Our sales cycle can be lengthy and unpredictable. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use and benefits of our offerings and solutions, including the technical capabilities of our solutions and the potential cost savings and productivity gains achievable by deploying them. Additionally, many of our potential customers are typically already in long-term contracts with their current providers and face significant costs associated with transitioning to our offerings and solutions. As a result, potential customers typically undertake a significant evaluation process, which frequently involves not only NantHealth solutions and component systems infrastructure and platforms but also their existing capabilities and solutions and can result in a lengthy sales cycle. We spend substantial time, effort and money on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. In addition, purchases of NantHealth solutions and component systems infrastructure are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unplanned administrative, processing and other delays. For example, currently, hospitals in the United States face significant uncertainty over the continuing impact of federal government budgets, and continuing changes in the implementation and deadlines for compliance with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, or ACA, and other healthcare reform legislation, as well as potential future statutes and rulemaking. Many of our potential hospital customers have used all or a significant portion of their revenues to comply with federal mandates to adopt electronic medical records to maintain their Medicaid and Medicare reimbursement levels. In the event we are unable to manage our lengthy and unpredictable sales cycle, our business may be adversely affected. 
 - 34 - 

We bill our customers and recognize revenue over the term of the contract for certain of our products. As a result, near term declines in new or renewed agreements for these products may not be reflected immediately in our operating results and may be difficult to discern. 
 A portion of our revenue in each quarter is derived from agreements entered with our customers during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed agreements in any one quarter may not be fully reflected in our revenue for that quarter. Such declines, however, would negatively affect our revenue in future periods and the effect of significant downturns in sales of and market demand for certain of our solutions, and potential changes in our rate of renewals or renewal terms, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure rapidly, or at all, to take account for reduced revenue. Our subscription model for certain of our solutions also makes it difficult for us to increase our total revenue through additional sales in any quarterly period, as revenue from new customers for those products must be recognized over the applicable term of the agreement. Accordingly, the effect of changes in the industry impacting our business or changes we experience in our new sales may not be reflected in our short-term results of operations. 
 A large portion of our revenue is derived from a small group of our customers, and the loss of such customers could adversely affect our business. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 we derived 27.7 of our revenue through a single channel partner, who contracts with various health plans and other healthcare entities to manage the utilization of specialty health services for their covered members, and another 13.0 of our revenue through a customer of our NaviNet solution. On June 30, 2022, we received a notice of termination from the single channel partner, such termination will be effective June 30, 2023. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to find new sources of revenue to offset the termination by this channel partner or that the above mentioned NaviNet customer or any of our other customers or partners will continue to contract for our services or acquire new services. We are currently in discussions with the channel partner regarding a new commercial agreement but if we are unable to establish a new agreement with the channel partner regarding such new commercial arrangement or our major NaviNet customer does not renew its agreement with us, our revenue could be greatly reduced, which would materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Customer churn is a natural part of our business and, while there is no guarantee that we will be able to offset the loss of this customer in the short term, we continue to develop new product enhancements and offerings to help drive customer acquisition and expansion opportunities to replace this lost revenue in the long term. 
 If our existing customers do not continue to renew their agreements with us, renew at lower fee levels or decline to purchase additional applications and services from us, our business and operating results will suffer. 
 We expect to derive a significant portion of our revenue from renewal of existing customer agreements, and sales of additional applications and services to existing customers. As a result, achieving high customer satisfaction to keep existing customers and sell additional platform offerings is critical to our future operating results. 
 Factors that may affect the renewal rate for our offerings and our ability to sell additional solutions include: 
 
 the price, performance and functionality of our offerings; 
 the availability, price, performance and functionality of competing solutions; 
 a customer s desire and ability to develop their own internal solution; 
 our ability to develop complementary applications and services; 
 our continued ability to access the pricing and claims data necessary to enable us to deliver reliable data in our cost estimation and price transparency offering to customers; 
 the stability, performance and security of our SaaS infrastructure and services; 
 changes in healthcare laws, regulations or trends; and 
 the business environment of our customers, in particular, headcount reductions by our customers. 
 
 For our SaaS solutions, we typically enter into master services agreements with our customers. These agreements generally have stated terms of three to five years. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our offering after the term expires. In addition, our customers may negotiate terms less advantageous to us upon renewal, which may reduce our revenue from these customers. Factors that are not within our control may contribute to a reduction in our contract revenue. For instance, our customers may reduce their number of employees, which would result in a corresponding reduction in the number of employee users eligible for our offering and thus a lower aggregate monthly services fee. Our future operating results also depend, in part, on our ability to sell new solutions to our existing customers. If our customers fail to renew their agreements, renew their agreements upon less favorable terms or at lower fee levels, or fail to purchase new solutions from us, our revenue may decline, or our future revenue may be constrained. 
 
 - 35 - 

In addition, a significant number of our customer agreements allow our customers to terminate such agreements for convenience at certain times, typically with one to three months advance notice. Any cancellations of such agreements would have a negative result on our business and results of operations. For example, we received a notice of termination from our largest single channel partner, which such termination will be effective on June 23, 2023. If we fail to renew this agreement or renew this agreement upon less favorable terms or at lower fee levels or fail to grow our customer base to offset the loss of this channel partner, it may cause our revenue to decline in the future or our future revenue may be constrained. 
 If any new applications and services we may develop or acquire in the future are not adopted by our customers, or if we fail to continue to innovate and develop or acquire new applications and services that are adopted by customers, then our revenue and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 In addition to past investments made in NantHealth solutions, and component systems infrastructure and platforms, we have invested, and will continue to invest, significant resources in research and development and in acquisitions to enhance our existing offerings and introduce new high-quality applications and services. If existing customers are not willing to make additional payments for such new applications or services, or if new customers do not value such new applications or services, our business and operating results will be harmed. If we are unable to predict user preferences or our industry changes, or if we are unable to modify our offering and services on a timely basis, we might lose customers. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations and acquisitions are not responsive to the needs of our customers, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity or are not effectively brought to market. 
 Security breaches and incidents, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business and/or protected health information or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and our customers, consultants, contractors and business associates collect and store petabytes of sensitive data, including legally protected health information, personally identifiable information, intellectual property and proprietary business information owned or controlled by ourselves or our customers, payers, providers and partners. We manage and maintain our applications and data by utilizing a combination of on-site systems, managed data center systems, and cloud-based data center systems. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information, including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information. We face risks relative to protecting this critical information, including loss of access risk, inappropriate disclosure risk, inappropriate modification risk and the risk of being unable to adequately monitor our controls. 
 
 The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information is vital to our operations and business strategy, and we devote significant resources to protecting such information. Although we take measures to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure, and that of our third-party billing and collections provider and other third parties that maintain or otherwise process such information for us, are vulnerable to attacks by hackers or viruses, breaches, security incidents, employee error, malfeasance or other events. For example, in August 2022, we became aware of unauthorized activity in a customer s account, which involved payments issued to a fraudulent account, unauthorized access to certain protected health information, and caused us to incur costs to respond to the incident. Any such breach or incident could result in a disruption or interruption to, or compromise, our networks and systems or those of our third-party service providers or partners, and the information stored or otherwise processed there could be publicly disclosed, accessed, rendered unavailable, used, modified, disclosed or otherwise processed without authorization, lost or stolen. Any such event, or the perception that any such event has occurred, could result in legal claims or proceedings (including regulatory investigations and enforcement actions), liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA and regulatory penalties. Although we have implemented security measures and a formal, dedicated enterprise security program in an effort to prevent unauthorized access to patient data, there is no guarantee we can continue to protect our online portal or will be able to protect our mobile applications from breach. Unauthorized access to, or unavailability, loss or dissemination of data, or unauthorized access to, interruptions or other disruptions to systems, whether maintained by us or by third parties performing services for us, could also disrupt our operations, including our ability to conduct our analyses, bill payers, providers or patients, process claims and appeals, provide customer assistance services, conduct research and development activities, collect, process and prepare company financial information, provide information about our products and other patient and physician education and outreach efforts through our website, manage the administrative aspects of our business and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 - 36 - 

Additionally, ransomware attacks, including these from organized criminal threat actors, nation-states and nation-state supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, disruptions in our services, loss or unavailability of data, loss of income, significant extra expense to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. Furthermore, there may be heightened risk of potential attacks by state actors or others since the escalation of the situation in Ukraine. To alleviate the financial, operational and reputational impact of a ransomware attack, it may be preferable to make extortion payments, but we may be unwilling or unable to do so (including, for example, if applicable laws or regulations prohibit such payments). 
 
 The U.S. Office of Civil Rights may impose penalties on us if we do not fully comply with requirements of HIPAA. Penalties will vary significantly depending on factors such as whether we knew or should have known of the failure to comply, or whether our failure to comply was due to willful neglect. These penalties include civil monetary penalties of 100 to 50,000 per violation, up to an annual cap of 1,500,000 for identical violations. A person who knowingly obtains or discloses individually identifiable health information in violation of HIPAA may face a criminal penalty of up to 50,000 per violation and up to one-year imprisonment. The criminal penalties increase to 100,000 per violation and up to five years imprisonment if the wrongful conduct involves false pretenses, and to 250,000 per violation and up to 10 years imprisonment if the wrongful conduct involves the intent to sell, transfer, or use identifiable health information for commercial advantage, personal gain, or malicious harm. The U.S. Department of Justice is responsible for criminal prosecutions under HIPAA. Furthermore, in the event of a breach as defined by HIPAA, we have specific reporting requirements to the Office of Civil Rights under the HIPAA regulations as well as to affected individuals, and we may also have additional reporting requirements to other state and federal regulators, including the Federal Trade Commission, and/or to the media. Issuing such notifications can be costly, time and resource intensive, and can generate significant negative publicity. Breaches of HIPAA may also constitute contractual violations, and such contractual violations or any other contractual violations relating to a security breach or incident, could lead to claims, damages, legal proceedings, and contractual damages, other liability or terminations. 
 
 In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer, healthcare privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain, contradictory and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices. If so, this could result in claims, proceedings, damages, and liabilities, including government-imposed fines, and orders requiring that we change our practices, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, these laws and regulations vary between states, countries and other jurisdictions, and may vary based on whether services or operations are performed in the jurisdiction. Complying with these various laws and regulations could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices and compliance procedures in a manner adverse to our business. 
 If we experience fraudulent activity relating to our system infrastructure and products, we could incur substantial costs. 
 Our products have in the past and may be subject to fraudulent usage, including but not limited to electronic fund transfer EFT fraud, unauthorized access to protected health information and other fraudulent schemes. Although our customers and the provider office users who access our products on behalf of the customer are required to set passwords or personal identification numbers to protect their accounts, third parties have in the past been, and may in the future be, able to access and use their accounts through fraudulent means. For example, in January 2023, a user in one of the provider offices accessing NaviNet on behalf of one of our customer experienced a cybersecurity breach of its systems, which resulted in unauthorized access of certain users NaviNet accounts that resulted in EFT fraud. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. The techniques used to sabotage or to obtain unauthorized access to our products or those upon which we, our customers and the provider office users rely to process our information change frequently, and we, our customers and the provider office users may be unable to anticipate such techniques or implement adequate preventative measures or to stop security incidents in all instances. Any cybersecurity breach or security incident of our, our customers or the provider office users systems could result in exposure of authentication credentials, unauthorized access to accounts or fraudulent calls on accounts, any of which could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 - 37 - 

We rely on Internet infrastructure, bandwidth providers, data center providers, other third parties and our own systems for providing services to our users, and any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties or our own systems could expose us to litigation and negatively impact our relationships with customers, adversely affecting our brand and our business. 
 Our ability to deliver our Internet-based services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet and other telecommunications services by third parties, including bandwidth and telecommunications equipment providers. This includes maintenance of a reliable network connection with the necessary speed, data capacity and security for providing reliable Internet access and services. We exercise limited control over these third-party providers. As a result, our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in IT, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards and changing preferences of our customers. 
 
 Our services are designed to operate without perceptible interruption in accordance with our service level commitments. We have, however, experienced limited interruptions in these services in the past, and we expect that we will in the future experience interruptions and delays in services and availability from time to time. We rely on internal systems as well as third-party vendors, including data center providers and bandwidth providers, to provide our services. We store, process and transport petabytes of data and the nature of our business requires us to scale our storage capacity. In the event we are unable to scale appropriately, we may lose customers or fail to realize the network effects of our system and our business may be impaired. We do not currently maintain redundant systems or facilities for some of these services. Our operations and facilities are vulnerable to interruption and/or damage from a number of sources, many of which are beyond our control, including, without limitation: power loss and telecommunications failures; fire, flood, hurricane, tornado and other natural disasters; software and hardware errors, failures or crashes; and cyber and ransomware attacks, computer viruses, hacking, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other similar disruptive problems. The occurrence of any of these events could result in interruptions, delays or cessations in service to users of our services, which could impair or prohibit our ability to provide our services, reduce the attractiveness of our services to our customers and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. If user access to our services is interrupted because of problems in our operations, we could be in breach of our agreements with customers and/or exposed to significant claims, particularly if the access interruption is associated with problems in the timely delivery of medical care. In the event of a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of these systems or facilities, we may experience an extended period of system unavailability, which could result in substantial cost to remedy such unavailability and negatively impact our relationship with our customers and our business. To operate without interruption, both we and our service providers must guard against: 
 
 damage from fire, power loss and other natural disasters; 
 communications failures; 
 software and hardware errors, failures and crashes; 
 security breaches, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems; and 
 other potential interruptions. 
 
 In addition, many of our third-party vendors, including data center providers, do not have an obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew our agreements with these providers on commercially reasonable terms, if our agreements with our providers are prematurely terminated, due to such providers insolvency, catastrophic damage to such provider s data centers or otherwise, or if in the future we add additional third-party vendors, including data center providers, we may experience costs or downtime in connection with the transfer to, or the addition of, new providers. If these third-party vendors were to increase the cost of their services, we may have to increase the price of our existing and future offerings, and our business may be harmed. 
 
 Any disruption in the network access or co-location, hosting or cloud services provided by third-party providers or any failure of or by third-party providers or our own systems to handle current or higher volume of use could significantly harm our business. We exercise limited control over third-party vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with services they provide. 
 
 We also rely on a number of vendors, such as cloud service providers, to provide us with a variety of solutions and services, including cloud-based data hosting, telecommunications and data processing services necessary for our services and processing functions and software developers for the development and maintenance of certain software products we use to provide our solutions. We exercise limited control over vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with services they provide. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced in connection with third-party technologies and information services or our own systems could negatively impact our relationships with customers and adversely affect our business and could expose us to third-party liabilities. Although we maintain insurance for our business, the coverage under our policies may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at an acceptable cost. If vendors do not fulfill their contractual obligations, have system failures or choose to discontinue their products or services, our business and operations could be disrupted, our brand and reputation could be harmed, and our financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 - 38 - 

The reliability and performance of the Internet may be harmed by increased usage or by denial-of-service attacks. The Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damages to portions of its infrastructure, and it could face outages and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level of Internet usage as well as the availability of the Internet to us for delivery of our internet-based services. Any failure to offer high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and harm our financial results. 
 
 Because of the complexity of the issues facing healthcare providers and payers and the inherent complexity of our solutions to such issues, our customers depend on our support organization to resolve any technical issues relating to our offerings. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on the quality of our offerings, our business reputation and on strong recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality and highly responsive technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality and highly responsive support, could harm our reputation, adversely affect our ability to sell our offerings to existing and prospective customers, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We offer technical support services with our offerings and we may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services, particularly as we increase the size of our customer base. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with changes in support services provided by competitors. It is difficult to predict customer demand for technical support services and if customer demand increases significantly, we may be unable to provide satisfactory support services to our customers and their constituents. Additionally, increased customer demand for these services, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. 
 If we cannot implement NantHealth solutions and component systems infrastructure and platforms for customers in a timely manner, we may lose customers and our reputation may be harmed. 
 Our customers have a variety of different data formats, enterprise applications and infrastructures, and NantHealth solutions and component systems infrastructure and platforms, must support our customers data formats and integrate with complex enterprise applications and infrastructures. If our platforms do not currently support a customer s required data format or appropriately integrate with a customer s applications and infrastructure, then we must configure our systems infrastructure to do so, which increases our expenses. Additionally, we do not control our customers implementation schedules. As a result, if our customers do not allocate internal resources necessary to meet their implementation responsibilities or if we face unanticipated implementation difficulties, the implementation may be delayed. Further, our implementation capacity has at times constrained our ability to successfully implement our offerings for our customers in a timely manner, particularly during periods of high demand. If the customer implementation process is not executed successfully or if execution is delayed, we could incur significant costs, customers could become dissatisfied and decide not to increase usage of our offerings, or not to use our offerings beyond an initial period prior to their term commitment or, in some cases, revenue recognition could be delayed. In addition, competitors with more efficient operating models with lower implementation costs could penetrate our customer relationships. 
 
 Additionally, large and demanding enterprise customers, who currently comprise most of our customer base, may request or require specific features or functions unique to their business processes, which increase our upfront investment in sales and deployment efforts and the revenue resulting from the customers under our typical contract length may not cover the upfront investments. If prospective large customers require specific features or functions that we do not offer, then the market for our offerings will be more limited and our business could suffer. 
 
 In addition, supporting large customers could require us to devote significant development services and support personnel and strain our personnel resources and infrastructure. Furthermore, if we are unable to address the needs of these customers in a timely fashion or further develop and enhance our offerings, or if a customer or its constituents are not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or with the offerings delivered or professional services rendered, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, we may be required to issue credits or refunds for pre-paid amounts related to unused services, the profitability of that work might be impaired and the customer s dissatisfaction with our offerings could damage our ability to expand the number of applications and services purchased by that customer. Furthermore, if a customer or its constituents do not opt into or need certain aspects of our offerings, there may not be enough demand for that aspect of our offering to warrant future purchases by that customer, or the customer may seek to terminate their relationship with us. These customers may not renew their agreements, seek to terminate their relationship with us or renew on less favorable terms. Moreover, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers. If any of these were to occur, our revenue may decline, and our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 - 39 - 

We face intense competition in our markets, and we may be unable to compete effectively for new customers. 
 Although our product offerings target the new and emerging market for evidence-based personalized healthcare technology solutions, we compete against a variety of large software vendors and smaller specialized companies, open source initiatives and custom development efforts, which provide solutions in the specific markets we address. Our principal competitors include: 
 
 Payer-provider collaboration vendors, such as Availity, LLC, Change Healthcare, Inc., Experian Information Solutions, Inc. (including its Experian Health/Passport division), Zipari, Inc. (formerly Healthx), Cohere Health and Health-Trio, LLC; 
 Payer-provider specialty care cost management vendors, including The Advisory Board Company healthcare business (acquired by Optum), Evolent Health, eviCore Healthcare, HealthCatalyst, Inc., International Business Machines Corporation, or IBM, Inovalon Holdings, Inc., NCH Management Systems, Inc. (dba New Century Health), Oncology Analytics, Inc. (dba OncoHealth) and Truven Health Analytics (acquired by IBM); 
 Network monitoring vendors, including Zabbix, LLC, LogicMonitor, Inc., SolarWinds Worldwide, LLC, SevOne, Splunk and Datadog, Inc. 
 
 The principal competitive factors in our markets include product features, performance and support, product scalability and flexibility, ease of deployment and use, total cost of ownership and time to value. Some of our actual and potential competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand and business user recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios and broader global distribution and presence. Further, competitors may be able to offer products or functionality similar to ours at a more attractive price than we can by integrating or bundling their software products with their other product offerings. In addition, our industry is evolving rapidly and is becoming increasingly competitive. Larger and more established companies may focus on creating a learning system or solutions that could directly compete with one or more of our offerings. If companies move a greater proportion of their data and computational needs to the cloud, new competitors may emerge which offer services comparable to ours or that are better suited for cloud-based data, and the demand for one or more of our offerings may decrease. Smaller companies could also launch new products and services that we do not offer and that could gain market acceptance quickly. 
 
 In recent years, there have been significant acquisitions and consolidation by and among our actual and potential competitors. We anticipate this trend of consolidation will continue, which will present heightened competitive challenges to our business. In particular, consolidation in our industry increases the likelihood of our competitors offering bundled or integrated products, and we believe that it may increase the competitive pressures we face with respect to our solutions. If we are unable to differentiate one or more of our offerings from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced functionality, performance or value, we may see decreased demand for those solutions, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, it is possible that continued industry consolidation may impact our customers and prospective customers perceptions of the viability of smaller or even medium-sized software firms and, consequently, their willingness to use technology solutions from such firms. Similarly, if customers seek to concentrate their technology purchases in the product portfolios of a few large providers, we may be at a competitive disadvantage regardless of the performance and features of our offerings. We believe that in order to remain competitive at the large enterprise level, we will need to develop and expand relationships with resellers and large system integrators that provide a broad range of products and services. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The healthcare technology industry in which we operate is subject to rapidly changing technologies and trends, each of which could contribute to making our products obsolete. 
 The markets for cloud-based data platforms and internet-based business services such as NantHealth solutions and component systems infrastructure and platforms and their associated offerings are in the early stages of development, but the market is competitive even at this stage, and we expect it to attract increased competition, which could make it hard for us to succeed. We currently face competition for one or more of our offerings from a range of companies. In addition, large, well-financed health plans, with whom we cooperate and on whom we depend in order to obtain the pricing and claims data we need to deliver our offerings to customers have in some cases developed their own cost and quality estimation tools and provide these solutions to their customers at discounted prices or often for free. If enterprises do not perceive the benefits of our services, then the market for these services may not develop at all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would materially adversely affect our operating results. In addition, as a new company in this unproven market, we have limited insight into trends that may develop and affect our business. We may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends, which could harm our business. If any of these risks occur, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 - 40 - 

Healthcare industry consolidation could impose pressure on our prices, reduce our potential customer base and reduce demand for one or more of our offerings. 
 Many hospitals, imaging centers and third-party payers have consolidated to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater market and purchasing power. In addition, group purchasing organizations and managed care organizations could increase pressure on providers of healthcare related services to reduce prices. If this consolidation trend continues, it could reduce the size of our potential customer base and give the resulting enterprises greater bargaining or purchasing power, which may lead to erosion of the prices for our software or decreased margins for our offerings. 
 Our offerings and solutions may experience design or manufacturing defects from time to time that can result in decreased sales, decreased operating margins and reduced network effects to NantHealth solutions and component systems infrastructure and platforms which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 We sell and/or rely upon software and hardware solutions that could contain design or manufacturing defects in their materials, hardware, or software. These defects could include defective materials or components, or bugs that can unexpectedly interfere with the products intended operations or result in inaccurate data. Our online services may from time-to-time experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors. Defects may also occur in components and products we purchase from third parties. There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and fix all defects in the hardware, software and services third parties sell to us. Failure to detect, prevent, or fix defects could result in a variety of consequences, including returns of products, regulatory proceedings, product recalls, and litigation, which could harm our revenue and operating results. If our products fail to provide accurate measurements and data to users, then the network effects of our adaptive clinical learning system may be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Our solutions could give rise to product liability claims and product recall events that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The development, manufacturing and sale of hardware components in connection with some of our software solutions expose us to significant risk of product liability claims, product recalls and, occasionally, product failure claims. We face an inherent business risk of financial exposure to product liability claims if the use of our solutions or services, including companion hardware products, results in personal injury or death. Some of our solutions or services may become subject to product liability claims and/or product recalls. Future product liability claims and/or product recall costs may exceed the limits of our insurance coverages or such insurance may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, a significant product liability claim, or product recall could significantly damage our reputation for producing safe, reliable and effective products, making it more difficult for us to market and sell our products in the future. Consequently, a product liability claim, product recall or other claim could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 Risks related to our OpenNMS open source business 
 Our OpenNMS business incorporates third-party open source software, which could negatively affect our ability to sell our OpenNMS solutions and subject us to possible litigation. 
 Our OpenNMS platform includes third-party open source software and we intend to continue to incorporate third-party open source software in our OpenNMS platform in the future. There is a risk that the use of third-party open source software in our OpenNMS platform could impose conditions or restrictions on our ability to monetize our software. Although we monitor the incorporation of open source software into our OpenNMS platform to avoid such restrictions, we cannot be certain that we have not incorporated open source software in our OpenNMS platform in a manner that is inconsistent with our licensing model. Certain open source projects also include other open source software and there is a risk that those dependent open source libraries may be subject to inconsistent licensing terms. This could create further uncertainties as to the governing terms for the open source software we incorporate. 
 
 - 41 - 

In addition, the terms of certain open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated restrictions or conditions on our use of such software. Additionally, we may, from time to time, face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the software or derivative works that we developed using such open source software, which could include proprietary portions of our source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the open source licenses. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to make those proprietary portions of our source code freely available, purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated software or services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant additional research and development resources and we may not be able to complete it successfully. 
 
 In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of third-party open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties. In addition, licensors of open source software included in our offerings may, from time to time, modify the terms of their license agreements in such a manner that those license terms may become incompatible with our licensing model and thus could, among other consequences, prevent us from incorporating the software subject to the modified license. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage and if not addressed, could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Because of the characteristics of open source software, there may be fewer technology barriers to entry in the open source market by new competitors and it may be relatively easy for new and existing competitors with greater resources than we have to compete with our OpenNMS business. 
 One of the characteristics of open source software is that the governing license terms generally allow liberal modifications of the code and distribution thereof to a wide group of companies and/or individuals. As a result, others could easily develop new software products or services based upon those open source programs that compete with existing open source software that we support and incorporate into our OpenNMS platform. Such competition with use of the open source projects that we utilize can materialize without the same degree of overhead and lead time required by us, particularly if the customers do not value the differentiation of our proprietary components. It is possible for new and existing competitors, including those with greater resources than ours, to develop their own open source software or hybrid proprietary and open source software offerings, potentially reducing the demand for, and putting price pressure on, our OpenNMS services. In addition, some competitors make open source software available for free download or use or may position competing open source software as a loss leader. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that competitive pressure and/or the availability of open source software will not result in price reductions, reduced revenue and gross margins and loss of market share, any one of which could seriously harm our OpenNMS business. 
 We do not control and may be unable to predict the future course of open source technology development, including the ongoing development of open source components used in our OpenNMS platform, which could reduce the market appeal of our OpenNMS solutions and damage our reputation. 
 We do not control many aspects of the development of the open source technology in our OpenNMS platform. Different groups of open source software programmers collaborate with one another to develop the software projects in our OpenNMS platform. Given the disparate inputs from various developers, we cannot control entirely how an open source project develops and matures. Also, different open source projects may overlap or compete with the ones that we incorporate into our OpenNMS platform. The technology developed by one group for one project may become more widely used than that developed by others. If we acquire or adopt a new technology and incorporate it into our OpenNMS platform but a competing technology becomes more widely used or accepted, the market appeal of our OpenNMS services may be reduced and that could harm our reputation, diminish our brand and result in decreased revenue. 
 - 42 - 

If open source software programmers, many of whom we do not employ, or our own internal programmers do not continue to develop and enhance open source technologies, we may be unable to develop new technologies, adequately enhance our existing technologies or meet customer requirements for innovation, quality and price. 
 We rely to a significant degree on a number of open source software programmers, or committers and contributors, to develop and enhance components of our OpenNMS platform. Additionally, members of the corresponding open source project management committees, are primarily responsible for the oversight and evolution of the codebases of important components of the open source data management ecosystem. If the open source data management committers and contributors fail to adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, or if the committees fail to oversee and guide the evolution of open source data management technologies in the manner that we believe is appropriate to maximize the market potential of our solutions, then we would have to rely on other parties, or we would need to expend additional resources, to develop and enhance our OpenNMS platform. We also must devote adequate resources to our own internal programmers to support their continued development and enhancement of open source technologies, and if we do not do so, we may have to turn to third parties or experience delays in developing or enhancing open source technologies. We cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements to these technologies would be available from reliable alternative sources. In either event, our development expenses could be increased and our technology release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Delays in developing, completing or delivering new or enhanced components to our platform could cause our offerings to be less competitive, impair customer acceptance of our solutions and result in delayed or reduced revenue for our solutions. 
 Our use of open source software could subject us to possible litigation or could prevent us from offering products that include open source software or require us to obtain licenses on unfavorable terms. 
 
 A portion of the technologies we use incorporate open source software, and we may incorporate open source software in the future. Open source licenses may subject us to certain unfavorable conditions, including requirements that we offer our products that incorporate the open source software for no cost, that we make publicly available the source code for any modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open source software, or that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. We may license to others some of our software through open source projects which require us to make the source code publicly available, and therefore can affect our ability to protect our intellectual property rights with respect to that software. If an author or other third party that distributes open source software that we use or license were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of the applicable license, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from offering our products that contained the open source software, required to release proprietary source code, required to obtain licenses from third parties or otherwise required to comply with the unfavorable conditions unless and until we can re-engineer the product so that it complies with the open source license or does not incorporate the open source software. Any of the foregoing could disrupt our ability to offer our products and harm our business, revenue and financial results. 
 
 Risks related to our relationships with our employee other companies 
 We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or which could cause errors or failures of our service which could damage our reputation, harm our ability to attract and maintain customers and decrease our revenue. 
 
 We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased and software licensed from third parties in order to offer our service. These licenses are generally commercially available on varying terms; however, it is possible that this hardware and software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, we may not be able to secure enough hardware components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality in a timely manner in the quantities or configurations needed. For example, in response to a surge in COVID-19 infections in the first half of 2022, the Chinese government imposed lockdowns in certain parts of the country, which has had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on manufacturing and/or supply chains. If as a result of global economic or political instability, such as the ongoing escalation of the situation in Ukraine, other disease outbreaks, or supply issues, we, our third-party vendors or our contractors could experience shortages, business disruptions or delays for materials sourced or manufactured in the affected countries, their ability to supply hardware components may be affected. If any of these events occur, our business and operating results could be harmed. Accordingly, if any of the foregoing occurs, our ability to commercialize our services, revenue and gross margins could suffer until lockdowns from COVID-19 infections are reduced and supply issues or business disruptions are resolved. 
 
 - 43 - 

Any loss of the right to use any of this hardware or software could result in delays in providing NantHealth solutions (including Eviti, and NaviNet apps) until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could harm our business. Any errors or defects in third-party hardware or software could result in errors or a failure of our service which could damage our reputation, harm our ability to attract and maintain customers and decrease our revenue. 
 We have experienced significant turnover in our senior management team and across our organization, and our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel and skilled workers could have an adverse effect on us. 
 We have recently experienced significant turnover in our senior management team and reductions in our workforce and have promoted employees to fill certain key roles and are conducting searches for additional key roles, including a permanent general counsel. Our business may be adversely affected by the transitions in our senior management team and reduction in workforce, and turnover at the senior management level may create instability within the Company, which could disrupt and impede our day-to-day operations, internal controls and our ability to fully implement our business plan and growth strategy. In addition, management transition inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge, which can negatively affect strategy and execution, and our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted as a result. Competition for key management personnel is intense. If we fail to successfully attract and appoint permanent replacements with the appropriate expertise, we could experience increased employee turnover and harm to our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. The search for permanent replacements could also result in significant recruiting and relocation costs, as well as increased salary and benefit costs. Like most businesses, our employees are important to our success and we are dependent in part on our ability to retain the services of our key management, technical, operational, compliance, finance and administrative personnel. In order to compete and implement our growth strategy, we must attract, retain, and motivate employees, and turnover of senior management and reductions in workforce may make it difficult to retain qualified and skilled employees. 
 We are heavily dependent on our senior management, particularly Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, and a loss of a member of our senior management team in the future could harm our business. 
 If we lose members of our senior management, we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis, and our business could be adversely affected. Our existing operations and continued future development depend to a significant extent upon the continued performance and active participation of certain key individuals, including Dr. Soon-Shiong, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and our principal stockholder. Although we expect Dr. Soon-Shiong will continue to devote on average at least 20 hours per week to our company, he will continue to primarily focus on ImmunityBio, Inc., or ImmunityBio, a publicly-traded, clinical-stage immunotherapy company, of which he is Executive Chairman and Global Chief Scientific and Medical Officer. Dr. Soon-Shiong will also devote time to other companies operating under NantWorks, a collection of multiple companies in the healthcare and technology space that Dr. Soon-Shiong founded in 2011. We do not believe Dr. Soon-Shiong has any material conflicting obligations as a result of his involvement with other companies. Additionally, we are dependent on commercial relationships with various other parties affiliated with NantWorks and with Dr. Soon-Shiong and we may enter into additional relationships in the future. If Dr. Soon-Shiong was to cease his affiliation with us or with NantWorks, these entities may be unwilling to continue these relationships with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The risks related to our dependence upon Dr. Soon-Shiong are particularly acute given his ownership percentage and role in our company. If we were to lose Dr. Soon-Shiong, we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We have not entered into, nor do we intend to enter into, an employment agreement with Dr. Soon-Shiong. 
 
 We also face significant competition for employees from other healthcare-related companies and software businesses, which include both publicly-traded and privately-held companies, and we may not be able to hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. This competition has become exacerbated by the increase in employee resignations in 2022 reported by employers nationwide and continued high rates of employee turnover continuing into 2023. To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided equity incentives that vest over time and, in some cases, upon the occurrence of certain events. The value to employees of these equity incentives that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. We may face challenges in retaining and recruiting such individuals due to sustained declines in our stock price that could reduce the retention value of equity awards. Although we may have employment agreements with certain of our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain key man insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. 
 - 44 - 

Risks related to our business generally 
 We have in the past and may in the future acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect operating results. 
 Part of our business model is the acquisition of technologies and businesses that promote our transformational vision for personalized healthcare. We have in the past and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in additional businesses, applications, services and/or technologies that we believe complement or expand our offerings, enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. 
 
 For example, in January 2016, we acquired NaviNet to bolster our payer platform and, in February 2018, we acquired NantHealth Labs to expand into the liquid tumor profiling market and sold a commercial liquid biopsy test product (marketed as Liquid GPS). In July 2020, we acquired OpenNMS to expand our software and SaaS service offerings for both the healthcare sector and other industries. In the second quarter of 2019, we ceased commercial sales of the Liquid GPS product. Realizing the benefits of these acquisitions and any future acquisition depend, in part, upon the successful integration into our existing operations, and we may not be able to integrate the acquired personnel, operations and technologies successfully, or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. We also may not realize the anticipated benefits from any acquired business due to several factors, including: 
 
 inability to integrate or benefit from acquired technologies or services in a profitable manner; 
 unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition; 
 difficulty integrating the accounting systems, operations and personnel of the acquired business; 
 difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business; 
 difficulty converting the customers of the acquired business onto our platform and contract terms, including disparities in the revenue, licensing, support or professional services model of the acquired company; 
 difficulty in cross-selling our existing solutions and offerings to the acquired business customers; 
 diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 
 adverse effects to our existing business relationships with business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition; 
 the potential loss of key employees; 
 use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business; and 
 use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate the acquisition. 
 In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. As of December 31, 2022, the total value of our goodwill and intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization was 128.4 million. If our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we have in the past, and may in the future, be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, if the acquisition of NaviNet, NantHealth Labs, OpenNMS, or any other business we may acquire in the future fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business and financial position may suffer. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be successful in integrating certain assets of NaviNet, NantHealth Labs, OpenNMS, or any other businesses or technologies we may acquire in the future. The failure to successfully integrate these businesses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 - 45 - 

Business disruptions, including from weakened and volatile global economic and market conditions, natural disasters, and the COVID-19 pandemic, among other things, could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Events such as recessions, inflation, disruptions and uncertainty in global financial markets and other adverse global developments, including those related to the Russia-Ukraine war, have caused, and could, in the future, cause economic and market slowdown or downturn. The resulting impacts of such slowdown or downturn may lead to reduced consumer and commercial spending, consumption and demand, increased costs of business operations, rising prices of goods and services and decreased corporate profitability. As such, this could negatively impact the businesses and customers that we work with and have a materially adverse effect on our own business, financial condition, overall performance and results and ability to forecast our operations and make decisions about future investments and endeavors. 
 
 Moreover, our operations, and those of our contractors, consultants, customers, resellers or partners, could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics or pandemics, acts of terrorism, acts of war and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. For example, we have corporate offices in Los Angeles County, California near major earthquake faults and fire zones. We attempt to mitigate these risks through various means including redundant infrastructure, disaster recovery plans, separate test systems and change control and system security measures, but our precautions will not protect against all potential problems. If our customers access is interrupted because of problems in the operation of our facilities, we could be exposed to significant claims by customers or their patients, particularly if the access interruption is associated with problems in the timely delivery of funds due to customers or medical information relevant to patient care. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 
 Also, in March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) a pandemic. In the same month, the President of the United States declared a State of National Emergency due to the COVID-19 outbreak, and the world has been and continues to be impacted by COVID-19 and its variants. As a result, many jurisdictions, particularly in North America (including the United States), Europe and Asia, including the U.S. states in which we operate, such as California, have adopted or are considering laws, rules, regulations or decrees intended to address the COVID-19 outbreak, including implementing travel restrictions, closing non-essential businesses and/or restricting daily activities. In addition, many communities have limited, and are considering to further limit, social mobility and gathering. To date, there has been no material adverse impact to our business from the COVID-19 pandemic. Given the unprecedented and evolving nature of the pandemic, the future impact of these changes and potential changes on us and our contractors, consultants, customers, resellers and partners is unknown at this time. Moreover, the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operating results is uncertain and difficult to predict and will depend on factors outside of our control including the timing or effectiveness of the vaccine roll-out globally, the timing of easing of preventative or mitigation measures or mandates, the impact of any variants that emerge, or any impact of a global vaccine roll-out on the global economy. For example, the demand for our solutions among certain of our provider or payer customers could be impacted in the future, either through reduced transaction volume for solutions by which we derive revenue on a per transaction basis or through the delayed closing or signing of new or add-on contracts with customers that are dealing with impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic. Recently, President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on May 11, 2023. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on CMS and other regulatory policies and operations are unclear. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy to date and is likely to cause further global economic disruption. While the duration and severity of the economic impacts of COVID-19 are unknown, it is possible that such economic impacts may be prolonged and have continued effects even after the widespread administration of vaccines. However, in light of the uncertainties regarding economic, business, social, health and geopolitical conditions, our revenues, earnings, liquidity, and cash flows could be adversely affected, whether on an annual or quarterly basis. Continued impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our current and long-term account receivable collectability, as our negatively impacted customers from the COVID-19 pandemic may request temporary relief, delay, or not make scheduled payments. In addition, the deployment of our solutions may represent a large portion of our customers' investments in software technology. Decisions to make such an investment are impacted by the economic environment in which the customers operate. Uncertain global geopolitical, economic and health conditions and the lack of visibility or the lack of financial resources may cause some customers to reduce, postpone or terminate their investments, or to reduce or not renew ongoing paid services, adversely impacting our revenues or timing of revenue. Health conditions in some geographic areas where our customers operate could impact the economic situation of those areas. These conditions, including the COVID-19 pandemic, may present risks for health and limit the ability to travel for our employees, which could further lengthen our sales cycle and delay revenue and cash flows in the near-term. Moreover, the potential for future infections among our employees and/or consultants is possible even after the widespread administration of vaccines and such future infections (depending on the severity, variant type, scope and location) could impact our ability to continue operations in the ordinary course. 
 
 - 46 - 

As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we serve our customers primarily from third-party data hosting facilities. We do not control the operation of these third-party facilities, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster or a crime, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Even with the disaster recovery arrangements, our service could be interrupted. 
 
 We may, from time to time, transition our data hosting to new or alternative providers. In connection with these transitions, we may be moving, transferring or installing some of our equipment, data and software to and in other facilities. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful transfers may impair the delivery of our one or more of our offerings. Further, any damage to, or failure of, our systems generally could result in interruptions in one or more of our offerings. Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, may cause customers to terminate one or more of our offerings and may adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. Our business may also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe one or more of our offerings are unreliable. 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC stated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. If any of our counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. At times we have deposits at financial institutions above FDIC insurance limits. 
 
 Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 
 
 The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be limited to, the following: 
 
 Delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; 
 Loss of access to revolving existing credit facilities or other working capital sources and/or the inability to refund, roll over or extend the maturity of, or enter into new credit facilities or other working capital resources; 
 Potential or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters or credit or other credit support arrangements; or 
 - 47 - 

Termination of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. 
 
 In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by parties with whom we conduct business, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a party with whom we conduct business may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure to make payments when due, of any counterparty of ours, or the loss of any significant relationships, could result in material losses to us and may material adverse impacts on our business. 
 Our marketing efforts depend significantly on our ability to receive positive references from our existing customers. 
 Our marketing efforts depend significantly on our ability to call on our current customers to provide positive references to new, potential customers. Given our limited number of long-term customers, the loss or dissatisfaction of any customer could substantially harm our brand and reputation, inhibit the market adoption of our offerings and impair our ability to attract new customers and maintain existing customers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Our market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. Our estimates and forecasts regarding the size and expected growth of the healthcare information technology and network monitoring markets may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the markets in which we compete meet our size estimates and forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 - 48 - 

We have recently been involved in derivative and securities litigation, which were costly to us and harmful to our reputation, and we cannot assure you that we will not be involved in additional legal proceedings in the future with similar, or worse, results. 
 We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits arising out of our initial public offering and later public statements. In March 2017, a number of putative class action securities complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, naming as defendants the Company and certain of our executive officers and directors. Certain plaintiffs also named, as defendants, investment banks who were underwriters in our initial public offering but the claims against the underwriters were dropped. The complaints generally alleged that defendants made material misstatements and omissions in violation of the federal securities laws. The complaints were consolidated with the lead case captioned Deora v. NantHealth, Inc., 2:17-cv-01825 ("Deora"). In October 2019, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle these federal class actions in their entirety for 16.5 million, which was included in accrued and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2019. The Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement on January 31, 2020. A hearing for final approval of the settlement was scheduled for June 15, 2020, but on June 5, 2020, the Court decided to take the final approval motion on submission, and on July 17, 2020, the Court directed Plaintiff s counsel to submit evidence substantiating all costs incurred. The 16.5 million settlement was paid into a settlement fund prior to the payment deadline of March 2, 2020. The majority of the settlement amount was funded by our insurance carriers, and a portion was funded by us. On September 10, 2020, the Court entered an order granting final approval of the settlement, and the order and the settlement are now final. In May 2017, a putative class action complaint was filed in California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, asserting claims for violations of the Securities Act based on allegations similar to those in Deora. That case is captioned Bucks County Employees Retirement Fund v. NantHealth, Inc., BC 662330. At a case management conference on December 3, 2019, the parties informed the court of the pending settlement of the federal class action in the Deora action. During a status conference on February 4, 2021, the Court scheduled a further status conference for April 7, 2021 and stated that if Plaintiff did not voluntarily dismiss the action, the Court would entertain a motion to dismiss in light of the finalization of the Deora settlement. Plaintiff filed an unopposed request for voluntarily dismissal on March 15, 2021. On March 22, 2021, the court issued an order granting plaintiff s request and dismissing the action with prejudice. For additional information regarding this and other lawsuits in which we are involved, see Part II, Item 1, Legal Proceedings. We cannot assure you that we will not be involved in additional legal proceedings in the future, with similar, or worse, results which could harm our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 
 In April 2018, two putative shareholder derivative actions, captioned Engleman v. Soon-Shiong, Case No. 2018-0282, and Petersen v. Soon-Shiong, Case No. 2018-0302 were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The plaintiff in the Engleman action previously filed a similar complaint in California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, which was dismissed based on a provision in the Company s charter requiring derivative actions to be brought in Delaware. The Engleman and Petersen complaints contain allegations similar to those in the Deora action but asserted causes of action on behalf of NantHealth against various of the Company s current or former executive officers and directors for alleged breaches of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, and unjust enrichment. The Company is named solely as a nominal defendant. In July 2018, the court issued an order consolidating the Engleman and Petersen actions as In re NantHealth, Inc. Stockholder Litigation, Lead C.A. No. 2018-0302, appointing Petersen as lead plaintiff, and designating the Petersen complaint as the operative complaint. On September 20, 2018, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. In October 2018, in response to the motion to dismiss, Petersen filed an amended complaint. In November 2018, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint, which asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets (which Petersen subsequently withdrew), and unjust enrichment. On January 14, 2020, the court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the defendants motion to dismiss. The court dismissed all claims except one claim against Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong for breach of fiduciary duty. Dr. Soon-Shiong and the Company filed answers to the amended complaint on March 30, 2020. On June 29, 2021, the Court granted the Unopposed Motion to Substitute Lead Plaintiff, following Plaintiff Petersen s sale of his NantHealth stock, and appointed Engleman as Lead Plaintiff. On September 26, 2022, the parties filed with the Court a Stipulation for Compromise and Settlement to resolve the consolidated action in exchange for (i) the payment of 400, to be funded by the Company's insurance carriers, to offset the Company s contribution to the settlement of the Deora action, and (ii) agreeing to implement certain corporate governance reforms. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay an award of attorneys fees and expenses to counsel for Lead Plaintiff in an amount of 1.25 million, to be funded by the Company's insurance carriers. The Court approved the settlement on January 10, 2023 therefore the Company is required to implement the settlement s corporate governance reforms within 60 days following the approval. 
 If we fail to develop widespread brand awareness, our business may suffer. 
 We believe that developing and maintaining widespread awareness of our brand is critical to achieving widespread adoption of our offering and attracting new customers. Brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, or incur substantial expenses in doing so, we may fail to attract or retain customers necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, or to achieve the widespread brand awareness that is critical for broad customer adoption of our offerings. 
 - 49 - 

If we become subject to product liability or other litigation, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our current and any future products. 
 We are from time to time subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as claims brought by our customers in connection with commercial disputes and employment claims made by our current or former employees. Litigation, regardless of merit, may result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which may harm our business. 
 
 Our services, some of which involve recommendations and advice to healthcare providers regarding complex business and operational processes, regulatory and compliance issues and patient treatment options, may give rise to liability claims by our members or by third parties who bring claims against us. In addition, third parties, including former employees, have in the past, and may in the future, file lawsuits alleging non-compliance with government regulations. Investigating and defending such claims, even if they lack merit, may require significant time and resources and could damage our reputation and harm our business. 
 
 We maintain product and other insurance, but this insurance may not fully protect us from the financial impact of defending against product liability or other claims. Any product liability or other claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our insurance rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally, any product liability lawsuit could damage our reputation, or cause current customers to terminate existing agreements and potential customers to seek other vendors, any of which could impact our results of operations. 
 We are subject to changes in and interpretations of financial accounting matters that govern the measurement of our performance, including our revenue, one or more of which could adversely affect our business. 
 Based on our reading and interpretations of relevant guidance, principles or concepts issued by, among other authorities, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the SEC, we believe our current sales and licensing contract terms and business arrangements have been properly reported. However, this guidance involves interpretations, and there continue to be issued interpretations and guidance for applying the relevant standards to a wide range of sales and licensing contract terms and business arrangements that are prevalent in the software industry. For example, we must apply significant judgment to determine whether revenue should be recognized on a gross or net basis for our reseller arrangements, including recognizing revenue under our reseller agreement with NantOmics. Disagreement with the regulators as to our current interpretations and any future changes by the regulators of existing accounting standards or changes in our business practices could result in changes in our revenue recognition and/or other accounting policies and practices that could adversely affect our business. 
 Failure to manage our future growth effectively could increase our expenses, decrease our revenue and prevent us from implementing our business strategy. 
 To manage our anticipated future growth effectively, we must continue to maintain and may need to enhance our information technology infrastructure, financial and accounting systems and controls and manage expanded operations in geographically-diverse locations. We also must attract, train and retain a significant number of qualified sales and marketing personnel, professional services personnel, software engineers, technical personnel and management personnel. Failure to manage our rapid growth effectively could lead us to over invest or under invest in technology and operations, could result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, systems or controls, could give rise to operational mistakes, losses, loss of productivity or business opportunities, and could result in loss of employees and reduced productivity of remaining employees. Our growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of new services. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our revenue could decline or may grow more slowly than expected, and we may be unable to implement our business strategy. 
 The industry-and market-related estimates we rely upon are based on various assumptions and may prove to be inaccurate. 
 Industry-and market-related estimates we rely upon, including, without limitation, estimates related to our market size and industry data, are subject to uncertainty and are based on assumptions which may not prove to be accurate. This may have negative consequences, such as us overestimating our potential market opportunity. 
 - 50 - 

We are exposed to risks related to our international operations and failure to manage these risks may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We are a global company with operations both inside and outside the United States. For example, we have foreign wholly owned subsidiaries, including NaviNet Limited and OpenNMS Group Canada, Inc. As a result, a portion of our operations are conducted by and/or rely on entities outside the United States. We may therefore be denied access to our customers or suppliers as a result of economic, legislative, political and military conditions in such countries. 
 
 International operations are subject to several other inherent risks, and our future results could be adversely affected by several factors, including: 
 
 requirements or preferences for domestic products or solutions, which could reduce demand for our products; 
 differing existing or future regulatory and certification requirements; 
 management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; 
 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods; 
 difficulties in enforcing contracts; 
 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing non-U.S. operations; 
 the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 tariffs and trade barriers, export regulations and other regulatory and contractual limitations on our ability to sell our products; 
 greater risk of a failure of foreign employees to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including export and antitrust regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended ("FCPA") and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; 
 heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements; 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, including multiple and possibly overlapping tax structures; 
 the impact of public health epidemics on our employees and suppliers as well as the global economy, including the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 political and economic instability, political unrest and terrorism. 
 
 In addition, the expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets has required, and will continue to require, significant management attention and financial resources. These factors and other factors could harm our ability to gain future revenues and, consequently, materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks related to intellectual property 
 We may be unable to adequately protect, and we may incur significant costs in enforcing, our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. We rely upon a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent and unfair competition laws, as well as license and access agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information by requiring certain of our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality, noncompetition and assignment of inventions agreements. Any disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of our confidential proprietary information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, eroding our competitive position in the market. Moreover, we do not have any written contractual agreements with respect to any intellectual property and technology that relate to our business developed in the future by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Soon-Shiong. In the event we are unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, including in particular with respect to such property or information created by Dr. Soon-Shiong, our business would be adversely affected. In addition, our attempts to protect our intellectual property may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. 
 
 - 51 - 

We have developed, acquired, and licensed various patents and patent applications and we possess substantial know-how, copyrights and trade secrets relating to the development and commercialization of healthcare technology products and services. In January 2016, we acquired NaviNet, a leading payer-provider collaboration platform. As part of this and other acquisitions, we acquired patents and other intellectual property. As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio consisted of the following matters relating to our proprietary technology and inventions: (i) twenty one (21) issued U.S. utility patents and two (2) issued U.S. design patents; (ii) sixteen (16) pending U.S. utility patent applications; (iii) eighteen (18) issued patents outside the United States; and (iv) three (3) patent applications pending in jurisdictions outside the United States. Twenty three (23) of these assets are jointly owned. We believe we have intellectual property rights that are necessary to commercialize our healthcare technology products and services. However, our patent applications may not result in issued patents, and, even if issued, the patents may be challenged and invalidated. Moreover, our patents and patent applications may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies or developing competing products. We also face the risk that others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or may design around our proprietary property. 
 If any patents are issued in the future, they may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Agreement terms that address non-competition are difficult to enforce in many jurisdictions and may not be enforceable in any particular case. To the extent that our intellectual property and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected, third parties might gain access to our proprietary information, develop and market products or services similar to ours, or use trademarks similar to ours, each of which could materially harm our business. Existing United States federal and state intellectual property laws offer only limited protection. Moreover, the laws of other countries in which we now, or may in the future, conduct operations or contract for services may afford little or no effective protection of our intellectual property. Further, our platforms incorporate open source software components that are licensed to us under various public domain licenses. While we believe we have complied with our obligations under the various applicable licenses for open source software that we use, there is little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of many of the terms of certain of these licenses and therefore the potential impact of such terms on our business is somewhat unknown. The failure to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could materially harm our business. 
 
 The patent application process, also known as patent prosecution, is expensive and time consuming, and we and any current or future licensors and licensees may not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or any current or future licensors or licensees, will fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and are therefore reliant on our licensors or licensees. Therefore, these and any of our patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. Although we are unaware of any material defects that we believe would affect the validity or enforceability of our patents, defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, for example, with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, and the like, although we are unaware of any such defects that we believe are of material importance. If we or any current or future licensors or licensees, fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If any current or future licensors or licensees are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. If there are material defects in the form, preparation or prosecution of our patents or patent applications, such patents or applications may be invalid and unenforceable. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 The strength of patent rights involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. This uncertainty includes changes to the patent laws through either legislative action to change statutory patent law or court action that may reinterpret existing law or rules in ways affecting the scope or validity of issued patents. The patent applications that we own or license may fail to result in issued patents in the United States or foreign countries with claims that cover our products or services. Even if patents do successfully issue from the patent applications that we own or license, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of such patents, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Any successful challenge to our patents could deprive us of exclusive rights necessary for the successful commercialization of our products and services. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents may not adequately protect our products and services, provide exclusivity for our products and services, or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents we hold or pursue with respect to our products and services is challenged, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, or threaten our ability to commercialize, our products and services. 
 - 52 - 

Patents have a limited term. In the United States, the natural expiration of a utility patent is generally 20 years after its earliest effective non-provisional filing date and the natural expiration of a design patent is generally 14 years after its issue date, unless the filing date occurred on or after May 13, 2015, in which case the natural expiration of a design patent is generally 15 years after its issue date. Various extensions may be available; however, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Without patent protection for our products and services, we may be open to competition. Further, if we encounter delays in our development efforts, the period of time during which we could market our products and services under patent protection may be reduced. 
 In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we also rely on trade secret protection to protect proprietary know-how that may not be patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents may be difficult to obtain or enforce, and any other elements of our products and services that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed despite having such confidentiality agreements. If the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating any trade secrets. In addition, in some situations, any confidentiality agreement we may have with an employee, consultant, advisor, or others may conflict with, or be subject to, the rights of third parties with whom our employees, consultants, or advisors have previous employment or consulting relationships. To the extent that our employees, consultants, advisors, or contractors use any intellectual property owned by third parties in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in any related or resulting know-how and inventions. Misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets could significantly affect our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, trade secret protection does not prevent competitors from independently developing substantially equivalent information and techniques and we cannot guarantee that our competitors will not independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. The FDA, as part of its Transparency Initiative, is currently considering whether to make additional information of life science companies publicly available on a routine basis, including information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time how the FDA s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 The United States Patent and Trademark Office ("USPTO") and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent prosecution process. Periodic maintenance fees and various other governmental fees on any issued patent and/or pending patent applications are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of a patent or patent application. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ an outside firm and rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees. While an inadvertent lapse may sometimes be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are many situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications directed to our products and services, our competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than should otherwise have been the case, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Litigation or other proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to spend significant time and money and could prevent us from selling our products and services. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties, for example, the intellectual property rights of competitors. Our research, development and commercialization activities may be subject to claims that we infringe or otherwise violate patents owned or controlled by third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our products and services. As the healthcare technology and network monitoring industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our activities related to our products and services may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. We cannot assure you that our products and services will not infringe existing or future patents. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. We may not be aware of patents that have already issued that a third party, for example, a competitor in our market, might assert are infringed by our products and services. It is also possible that patents of which we are aware, but which we do not believe are relevant to our products and services, could nevertheless be found to be infringed by our products and services. Nevertheless, we are not aware of any issued patents that we believe could prevent us from marketing our products and services. There may also be patent applications that have been filed but not published that, when issued as patents, could be asserted against us. 
 
 - 53 - 

Third parties have asserted and may in the future assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. As we continue to commercialize our products and services in their current or updated forms, launch new products and services and enter new markets, we expect that competitors will claim that our products and services infringe their intellectual property rights as part of business strategies designed to impede our successful commercialization and entry into new markets. We occasionally receive letters from third parties inviting us to take licenses under, or alleging that we infringe, their patents or trademarks. Third parties may have obtained, and may in the future obtain, patents under which such third parties may claim that the use of our technologies constitutes patent infringement. 
 
 If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products or services either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid or unenforceable, and we may not be able to do this. Proving that a patent is invalid and/or unenforceable is difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. We could incur substantial costs and divert the attention of our management and technical personnel in defending ourselves or our licensors against any of these claims. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. Any adverse ruling or perception of an adverse ruling in defending ourselves against these claims could have a material adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, parties making claims against us may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which could block our ability to develop, commercialize, and sell products or services, and could result in the award of substantial damages against us, potentially including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. In the event of a successful claim of infringement or misappropriation against us, we may be required to pay damages and obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties to the third party, redesign any infringing product, or be prohibited from selling certain products or services, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Redesigning any infringing products may be commercially impractical, not readily feasible, and/or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. Further, we cannot predict whether any required license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 In addition, we may be unable to obtain these licenses at a reasonable cost, if at all. We could therefore incur substantial costs related to royalty payments for licenses obtained from third parties, which could negatively affect our gross margins. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. Moreover, we could encounter delays in product or service introductions while we attempt to develop alternative products or services. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses on favorable terms could prevent us from commercializing products and services, and the prohibition of sale of any of our products and services would materially affect our ability to grow and maintain profitability and have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Defending ourselves in litigation is very expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. In addition to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent litigation and other proceedings, including interference, derivation, or post-grant proceedings, such as, ex parte review, inter partes review, or post grant review, declared or granted by the USPTO and similar proceedings in foreign countries, regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our current or future products. The cost to us of any patent litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 - 54 - 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming and ultimately unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe or misappropriate our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property, including our existing patents or patents that may issue to us in the future, or the patents of our licensors to which we have a license. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement or inventorship claims to stop third party infringement, unauthorized use, or to correct inventorship, which can be expensive and time consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel. Any claims that we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents, in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or both. These competitors may further challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of our licensors patents, requiring our licensors to engage in complex, lengthy and costly litigation or other proceedings. In any patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours or of our licensors is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover the invention. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. An adverse determination of any litigation or other proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. 
 
 Interference, derivation or other proceedings, brought at the USPTO or any foreign patent authority may be necessary to determine the priority or patentability of inventions with respect to our patent applications or those our collaborators. Litigation or USPTO proceedings brought by us may fail. An unfavorable outcome in any such proceeding could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party or could cause us to lose valuable intellectual property rights. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms, if any license is offered at all. Even if we are successful, domestic or foreign litigation, or USPTO or foreign patent office proceedings may result in substantial costs and distraction to our management. We may not be able, alone or with collaborators, to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets, confidential information or proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the United States. 
 
 Even if we establish infringement, the court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may or may not be an adequate remedy. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which often last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. 
 
 Enforcing our intellectual property rights through litigation is very expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be comprised by disclosure. In addition, during the course of litigation or administrative proceedings, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments or public access to related documents. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our common stock could be significantly harmed. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Third parties may attempt to commercialize competitive products or services in foreign countries where we do not have any patents or patent applications where legal recourse may be limited. This may have a significant commercial impact on our ability to expand into foreign business operations. 
 
 - 55 - 

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our products and services in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries. For example, Europe has a heightened requirement for patentability of software inventions. Thus, even in countries where we do pursue patent protection, there can be no assurance that any patents will issue with claims that cover our products. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States and in some cases may even force us to grant a compulsory license to competitors or other third parties. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States or from selling or importing products concerning our healthcare technology into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and services and further, may export otherwise infringing products and services to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement on infringing activities is inadequate. These products or services may compete with ours, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, certain countries in Europe and certain developing countries, including India and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if our patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to our patents to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we own or license. Finally, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in foreign intellectual property laws. 
 Developments in U.S. patent law could have a negative impact on our business. 
 As is the case with other healthcare technology companies, our success is in part dependent on intellectual property. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the healthcare technology industry involves both technological and legal complexity, and therefore, is costly, time consuming, and inherently uncertain. In addition, the United States has recently enacted and has now implemented wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Further, recent United States Supreme Court rulings have either narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents once obtained. Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products and services. 
 
 For our United States patent applications containing a claim not entitled to priority before March 16, 2013, there is a greater level of uncertainty in the patent law. In September 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, or AIA, was signed into law. The AIA includes a number of significant changes to United States patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and enforced in any patent litigation. The USPTO developed regulations and procedures to govern administration of the AIA, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the AIA. It is not clear what other, if any, impact the AIA will have on the operation of our business. Moreover, the AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 An important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16, 2013, the United States transitioned to a first-to-file system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the same invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO on or after March 16, 2013 before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we were the first to conceive of the invention. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Furthermore, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our technology and the prior art allow our technology to be patentable over the prior art. Because patent applications in the United States and many other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we were the first to either file any patent application related to our products or services or invent any of the inventions claimed in our patents or patent applications. 
 - 56 - 

Among some of the other changes introduced by the AIA are changes that limit where a patentee may file a patent infringement suit and provide opportunities for third parties to challenge any issued patent in the USPTO. This applies to all of our United States patents, even those issued before March 16, 2013. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings necessary to invalidate a patent claim compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal court, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence may be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. 
 
 Two cases, one involving diagnostic method claims and the other involving gene patents were decided by the Supreme Court. On March 20, 2012, the Supreme Court issued a decision in Mayo Collaborative v. Prometheus Laboratories, or Prometheus, a case involving patent claims directed to optimizing the amount of drug administered to a specific patient. According to that decision, Prometheus claims failed to incorporate sufficient inventive content above and beyond mere underlying natural correlations to allow the claimed processes to qualify as patent-eligible processes that apply natural laws. On June 13, 2013, the Supreme Court subsequently decided Association for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, or Myriad, a case brought by multiple plaintiffs challenging the validity of patent claims held by Myriad Genetics, Inc. relating to the breast cancer susceptibility genes BRCA1 and BRCA2, holding that isolated genomic DNA that exists in nature, such as the DNA constituting the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes, is not patentable subject matter, but that cDNA, which is an artificial construct created from RNA transcripts of genes, may be patent eligible. 
 
 On July 3, 2012, the USPTO issued a memorandum to patent examiners providing interim guidelines for examining process claims for patent eligibility in view of the Supreme Court decision in Prometheus. The guidance indicates that claims directed to a law of nature, a natural phenomenon, or an abstract idea that do not meet the eligibility requirements should be rejected as non-statutory subject matter. Furthermore, a case involving financial software was even more recently decided by the Supreme Court. On June 19, 2014, the Supreme Court issued a decision in Alice Corp. Pty. Ltd. v. CLS Bank Int l, or Alice, a case involving patent claims directed to methods of exchanging obligations as between parties so as to mitigate settlement risk in financial transactions, computer systems configured to carry out the method, and computer-readable media containing program code for performing the method. In Alice, the Court applied the analytic framework from Prometheus and extended its application to all types of claims. According to that decision, Alice Corp. s claims failed to incorporate sufficient inventive content above and beyond the mere idea of intermediated transaction to allow the claimed processes to qualify as patent-eligible processes that apply the idea in a particular way to solve a problem. On December 16, 2014, the USPTO issued interim guidelines for examining claims for patent eligibility in view of the Supreme Court decision in Alice. The guidance indicates that claims reciting an abstract idea that do not include significantly more than the idea itself should be rejected as non-statutory subject matter. We cannot assure you that our efforts to seek patent protection for our technology, products, and services will not be negatively impacted by the decision in Alice, rulings in other cases, or changes in guidance or procedures issued by the USPTO. Since then, the USPTO has issued several memoranda on the topic of patent eligible subject matter, including those dated May 4, 2016, May 19, 2016, July 14, 2016, and November 2, 2016. 
 
 More specifically, we cannot fully predict what impact the Supreme Court s decisions in Prometheus, Myriad and Alice may have on the ability of healthcare technology companies or other entities to obtain or enforce patents relating to genomic discoveries, diagnostic products and services or computer-implemented inventions in the future. Despite the USPTO s guidance described above, these contours of when certain claims allegedly directed to laws of nature, natural phenomenon or abstract ideas meet the patent eligibility requirements are not clear and may take many years to develop via interpretation in the courts. 
 
 - 57 - 

There are many patents claiming diagnostic methods based on similar or related correlations that issued before Prometheus, and although some of these patents may be invalid under the standard set forth in Prometheus, until successfully challenged, these patents are presumed valid and enforceable, and certain third parties could allege that we infringe, or request that we obtain a license to, these patents. Whether based on patents issued prior to or after Prometheus, we could have to defend ourselves against claims of patent infringement, or choose to license rights, if available, under patents claiming such methods. Similarly, there are many patents claiming software and/or business methods that include an abstract idea that issued before Alice, and although some of these patents may be invalid under the standard set forth in Prometheus and Alice, until successfully challenged, these patents are presumed valid and enforceable, and certain third parties could allege that we infringe, or request that we obtain a license to, these patents. Whether based on patents issued prior to or after Alice, we could have to defend ourselves against claims of patent infringement, or choose to license rights, if available, under patents claiming such software or business methods. In any of the foregoing or in other situations involving third-party intellectual property rights, if we are unsuccessful in defending against claims of patent infringement, we could be forced to pay damages or be subjected to an injunction that would prevent us from utilizing the patented subject matter in question if we are unable to obtain a license on reasonable terms. Such outcomes could materially affect our ability to offer our products and have a material adverse impact on our business. Even if we are able to obtain a license or successfully defend against claims of patent infringement, the cost and distraction associated with the defense or settlement of these claims could have a material adverse impact on our business. Moreover, one or more of our pending United States patent applications may be rejected based on the changes in the law and the standards set forth in Prometheus, Myriad, Alice, or other cases. Our ability to secure United States patent rights could be impaired if we cannot overcome such rejections, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, one or more of our issued United States patents could be challenged on the basis of the law and the standards set forth in Prometheus, Myriad, Alice, or other cases, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Further, on July 30, 2015, in response to the public comment on the Interim Eligibility Guidance, the USPTO issued an update pertaining to the Interim Eligibility Guidance. The Updated Eligibility Guidance includes additional examples from the case law and is intended to assist examiners in applying the Interim Eligibility Guidance during the patent examination process. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations in any current or future agreements under which we have licensed, or will license in the future, intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 Licensing of intellectual property rights involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. 
 
 Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property rights subject to a license agreement, including: 
 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 our right to sublicense intellectual property rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; and 
 our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations. 
 While we would expect to exercise all rights and remedies available to us, including seeking to cure any breach by us, and otherwise seek to preserve our rights under the intellectual property licensed to us, we may not be able to do so in a timely manner, at an acceptable cost or at all. Generally, the loss of any one of our current licenses, or any other license we may acquire in the future, could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information and may not adequately protect our intellectual property, which could limit our ability to compete. 
 Because we operate in the highly technical field of research and development, we rely in part on trade secret protection in order to protect our proprietary trade secrets and unpatented know-how. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect, and we cannot be certain that others will not develop the same or similar technologies on their own. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets or know-how is difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets or know-how. The failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive position. 
 - 58 - 

We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. 
 We have received confidential and proprietary information from third parties. In addition, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other healthcare companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise improperly used or disclosed confidential information of these third parties or our employees former employers. Further, we may be subject to ownership disputes in the future arising, for example, from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our products and services. We may also be subject to claims that former employees, consultants, independent contractors or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging our right to and use of confidential and proprietary information. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose our rights therein. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and employees. 
 We rely in part on trademarks to distinguish our products and services from those of other entities. Trademarks may be opposed or cancelled, and we may be involved in lawsuits or other proceedings to protect or enforce our trademarks. 
 We rely on trademarks, in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions, to distinguish our products and services in the minds of our customers and our business partners from those of other entities. Third parties may challenge our pending trademark applications through opposition proceedings in the United States, or comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, in which they seek to prevent registration of a mark. Our registered trademarks may be subject to cancellation proceedings in the United States, or comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, in which a third party seeks to cancel an existing registration. To enforce our trademark rights, we may be involved in lawsuits or other proceedings which could be expensive, time-consuming and uncertain. 
 
 Our corporate name, NantHealth, and the names of our products and services have not been trademarked in each market where we operate and plan to operate. Our trademark applications for our products and services may not be allowed for registration, and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections, which we may be unable to overcome in our responses. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in enforcing them against third parties than we otherwise would. 
 Risks related to government regulation 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and thus, we are subject to several laws, regulations and industry initiatives, non-compliance with certain of which could materially adversely affect our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 As a participant in the health care industry, our operations and relationships, and those of our clients, are regulated by several U.S. federal, state, local and foreign governmental entities. The impact of these regulations on us is both direct, to the extent that we are subject to these laws and regulations, and also indirect, in terms of government program requirements applicable to our clients for the use of health information technology. Even though we may not be directly regulated by specific healthcare laws and regulations, our products must be capable of being used by our clients in a way that complies with those laws and regulations. There are a number of regulations in the United States, such as regulations in the areas of healthcare fraud and abuse, information blocking, prior authorization, utilization review and practice management solutions, the security and privacy of patient data and interoperability standards, that may be directly or indirectly applicable to our operations and relationships or the business practices of our clients. 
 
 U.S. federal and state governments continue to enhance regulation of and increase their scrutiny over practices involving healthcare fraud, waste and abuse perpetuated by healthcare providers and professionals whose services are reimbursed by Medicare, Medicaid and other government health care programs. Our healthcare provider clients, as well as our provision of products to government entities, subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse which, among other things, prohibit the direct or indirect payment or receipt of any remuneration for patient referrals, or arranging for or recommending referrals or other business paid for in whole or in part by these federal or state healthcare programs. U.S. federal enforcement personnel have substantial powers and remedies to pursue suspected or perceived fraud and abuse. The effect of this government regulation on our clients is difficult to predict. Many of the regulations applicable to our clients and that may be applicable to us, including those relating to marketing incentives offered in connection with sale of products or services and information blocking, are vague or indefinite and have not been fully interpreted by the courts. They may be interpreted or 
 - 59 - 

applied by prosecutors, regulatory or judicial authorities in a manner that could broaden their applicability to us or require our clients to make changes in their operations or the way in which they deal with us. If we fail to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to significant civil and criminal penalties, sanctions or other liability, including exclusion from government healthcare programs or from providing certain products to our clients who participate in such programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even an unsuccessful challenge by a regulatory authority of our activities could result in adverse publicity, require a costly response from us and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our products include technology solutions related to claim status and management, utilization management and prior authorization. While we do not submit claims to payors, claims submitted by our clients using our technology solutions are governed by U.S. federal and state laws, which can impact our operations indirectly. U.S. federal law provides civil liability to any persons that knowingly submit, or cause to be submitted, a claim to a payor, including Medicare, Medicaid and private health plans, seeking payment for any services or items that overbills or bills for services or items that have not been provided to the patient. U.S. federal law may also impose criminal penalties for intentionally submitting such false claims. In addition, federal and state law regulates the collection of debt and may impose monetary penalties for violating those regulations. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA security, privacy and transaction standards, as discussed below, also have a potentially significant effect on our claims-related technology solutions because those solutions must be structured and provided in a way that supports our clients' HIPAA compliance obligations. In connection with these laws, we may be subjected to U.S. federal or state government investigations and possible penalties may be imposed upon us; false claims actions may have to be defended; private payers may file claims against us; and we may be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other government-funded health care programs. Any investigation or proceeding related to these laws, even if unwarranted or without merit, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 U.S. federal, state and local laws and foreign legislation govern the confidentiality of personal information, how that information may be used, and the circumstances under which such information may be released. These regulations govern both the disclosure and use of confidential personal and patient medical record information and require the users of such information to implement specified security and privacy measures. U.S. regulations currently in place governing electronic health data transmissions continue to evolve and are often unclear and difficult to apply. Laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions are also evolving and may have similar or even stricter requirements related to the treatment of personal or patient information. Data protection regulations impact how businesses, including both us and our clients, can collect and process the personal data of individuals. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, such laws, regulations and policies, or modifications thereto, that are applicable to us may limit the use and adoption of our technology solutions and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we incur development, resource, and capital costs in delivering, updating, and supporting solutions to enable our clients to comply with these varying and evolving standards. If we fail to comply with any applicable laws or regulations or fail to deliver compliant products and solutions, we could be subject to civil penalties, sanctions and contract liability. Enforcement investigations, even if meritless, could have a negative impact on our reputation, cause us to lose existing clients or limit our ability to attract new clients. Furthermore, our failure to maintain confidentiality of sensitive personal information in accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements could damage our reputation and expose us to claims, fines and penalties. 
 
 Our commercial and government clients continue to be subject to requirements to adopt interoperable health information technology which requires that our products and solutions to be interoperable with other third-party health information technology providers. Market forces and governmental or regulatory authorities create software interoperability standards that may apply to our products and solutions. For applicable products, these interoperability standards are the basis of certification requirements that our products must meet, and, in turn, many of our clients must meet prerequisite or participation requirements for many federal health insurance programs, including Medicare and Medicaid Fee for Service programs, for alternative payment models under the Innovation Center of CMS and for other federal or state health insurance or reimbursement programs. These expectations for interoperability are supported by the information blocking prohibitions of the Cures Act. If our products are not consistent with those requirements, we could be forced to incur substantial additional development costs to conform. The Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology ONC is also charged under the Cures Act with developing a Trusted Exchange Framework that establishes governance requirements for trusted health information exchange in the United States. ONC has developed the U.S. Common Data Set for Interoperability which may lay the groundwork for iterative expansion of future data exchange requirements for trusted exchange. ONC continues to modify and refine these standards. We may incur increased software development and administrative expenses and delays in delivering such products if we need to update our products to conform to these varying and evolving requirements. In addition, delays in interpreting these standards may result in postponement or cancellation of our clients' decisions to purchase our products. If our products are not compliant with these evolving standards, our market position and sales could be impaired, and we may have to invest significantly in changes to our products. 
 
 - 60 - 

Various U.S. federal, state and non-government agencies continue to generate requirements for the use of certified health information technology, or certified electronic health record technology CEHRT ). In many cases, these requirements have become conditions for receiving payment for health care services to beneficiaries of federal health insurance programs. The Cures Act has tied CEHRT to its policy goals of reducing barriers to the exchange of health information data blocking, encouraging nationwide interoperability, consumer access to health information and improving health information availability between consumers and their care teams. The regulations establishing the certification standards for CEHRT will continue to be updated to support these government policy goals with greater emphasis on interoperability, consumer engagement, patient safety and health information privacy and security. The ONC has finalized additional regulations under the Cures Act to enforce the Act's policy directives relating to data blocking and interoperability. Along with recent CMS actions taken for Medicare and Medicaid, these regulations will also mandate adoption of updated and expanded certified capabilities of CEHRT that some of our clients must adopt to remain able to participate in the federal programs. In addition, the ONC has increased its surveillance activities concerning vendor compliance with respect to CEHRT requirements, which could expose us to greater liability and increased cost of compliance. 
 Our delegated services and offerings with health plans could subject us to audits by health plans and governmental payors and increase our exposure to liabilities under federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, including claims under the False Claims Act. 
 Our contracts with health plans or qualified health plan (QHP) partners for delegated services obligate us and any contractors or agents we use for such delegated services to comply with additional regulatory and contractual requirements and standards as a delegated entity, including 45 CFR Parts 155 and 156, which increase our exposure to additional liabilities under health care fraud and abuse laws, require us to maintain a more robust healthcare compliance program, as well as obtain and comply with applicable licensing and credentialing requirements. We are subject to stringent regulatory and contractual oversight, including audits by our health plan partners, CMS, and other regulatory authorities. Negative results of any such audit could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and could damage our reputation. Changes in regulations, standards, and contractual obligations can increase our compliance costs, expose us to greater liability, or materially impact our profitability. 
 
 In particular, entities that perform prior authorization and utilization management functions as a delegated entity are subject to additional federal and state requirements, including, but not limited to, credentialing, accreditation or licensing requirements and standards (such as requirements of the National Committee for Quality Assurance), state prior authorization laws, Medicare and Medicaid regulations, manuals and policies, and other federal and state laws and standards related to delegation, prior authorization, and utilization management. Health plans and other healthcare organizations that contract with delegated entities flow down extensive federal and state requirements to delegated entities, which can increase the cost of operations and exposure to potential liabilities for such delegated entities. Delegated entities are also subject to audits and oversight by healthcare plans as well as federal and state regulatory authorities. To the extent federal and state government programs or regulatory authorities change current laws, regulations or policies, or the prior authorization process and related requirements, such changes could impact our business operations. Complying with new regulatory requirements or changes to current regulations could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose regulatory licensure or authorization for our products and services, be exposed to contractual liabilities, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. Efforts to ensure compliance with applicable healthcare laws and regulations can involve substantial costs. Violations of healthcare laws can result in significant penalties, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other U.S. healthcare programs, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring of operations. 
 - 61 - 

If we fail to comply with applicable health information privacy and security laws and other state and federal privacy and security laws, we may be subject to significant liabilities, reputational harm and other negative consequences, including decreasing the willingness of current and potential customers to work with us. 
 We are subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA established uniform federal standards for certain covered entities, which include certain healthcare providers, healthcare clearinghouses, and health plans, governing the conduct of specified electronic healthcare transactions and protecting the security and privacy of protected health information ("PHI"). The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, "HITECH Act") which became effective on February 17, 2010, makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, which are independent contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain, or transmit PHI in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity. The HITECH Act also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and certain other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA s requirements and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. 
 
 A portion of the data that we obtain and handle for or on behalf of our customers is considered PHI, subject to HIPAA. We are also required to maintain similar business associate agreements with our subcontractors that have access to PHI of our customers in rendering services to us or on our behalf. Under HIPAA and our contractual agreements with our HIPAA-covered entity health plan customers, we are considered a business associate to those customers and are required to maintain the privacy and security of PHI in accordance with HIPAA and the terms of our business associate agreements with our customers, including by implementing HIPAA-required administrative, technical and physical safeguards. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs to establish and maintain these safeguards and, if additional safeguards are required to comply with HIPAA, other laws or regulations relating to health information privacy or security, or our customers requirements, our costs could increase further, which would negatively affect our operating results. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that such safeguards have been and will continue to be adequate. If we have failed, or fail in the future, to maintain adequate safeguards, or we or our agents or subcontractors use or disclose PHI in a manner prohibited or not permitted by HIPAA or other laws or regulations relating to health information privacy or security, our subcontractor business associate agreements, or our business associate agreements with our customers, or if the privacy or security of PHI that we obtain and handle is otherwise compromised, or if any of the foregoing is perceived or believed to have occurred, we could be subject to significant liabilities and consequences, including, without limitation: 
 
 actual or asserted breach of our contractual obligations to customers, which may cause our customers to terminate their relationship with us and may result in potentially significant financial obligations to our customers; 
 investigation by the federal and state regulatory authorities empowered to enforce HIPAA and other data privacy and security laws, which include the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, the Federal Trade Commission and state attorneys general, and the possible imposition of civil and criminal penalties; 
 private claims and litigation, including by individuals adversely affected by any misuse of their personal health information for which we are or are asserted to be responsible; and 
 negative publicity, which may decrease the willingness of current and potential future customers to work with us and negatively affect our sales and operating results. 
 
 Further, we publish statements to end users of our services that describe how we handle and protect personal information. If federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants consider any portion of these statements to be untrue, we may be subject to claims of deceptive practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences, including, without limitation, damage to our reputation and costs of responding to investigations, defending against litigation, settling claims and complying with regulatory or court orders. 
 
 Federal or state governmental authorities may impose additional data security standards or additional privacy or other restrictions on the collection, use, maintenance, transmission and other disclosures of health information. Legislation has been proposed at various times at both the federal and the state level that would limit, forbid or regulate the use or transmission of medical information outside of the United States. Such legislation, if adopted, may render our use of off-shore partners for work related to such data impracticable or substantially more expensive. Alternative processing of such information within the United States may involve substantial delay in implementation and increased cost. 
 - 62 - 

We may be, or may become, subject to data protection laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protections and cybersecurity, and our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results. 
 The regulatory framework for privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The U.S. federal and various state, local and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations limiting, or laws and regulations regarding, the collection, distribution, use, disclosure, storage, security, and other processing of data relating to individuals. 
 
 For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, requires covered businesses to provide substantial disclosures to California residents and honor such residents data protection and privacy rights, including the right to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the compromise of highly sensitive personal information, which may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. The CCPA has been amended several times, including by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), a ballot initiative that passed in November 2020 that, among other things, created a new state agency vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. Effective in most material aspects starting on January 1, 2023, the CPRA will, among other things, expand California residents rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information and give California residents a right to opt out of the sharing of certain personal information for targeted online advertising. 
 
 The CCPA and other similar laws could impact our business activities, depending on their interpretation. Additionally, other state legislatures have enacted or are currently contemplating, and may pass, their own comprehensive data privacy and security laws, with potentially greater penalties and more rigorous compliance requirements relevant to our business. For example, in March 2021, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act CDPA ), a comprehensive privacy statute that becomes effective on January 1, 2023 and shares similarities with the CCPA, the CPRA, and legislation proposed in other states. Similarly, in June 2021, Colorado enacted the Colorado Privacy Act CPA ), which takes effect on July 1, 2023. Additionally, in March 2022, Utah enacted the Utah Consumer Privacy Act UCPA ), which becomes effective on December 31, 2023, and in May 2022, Connecticut enacted the Act Concerning Personal Data and Online Monitoring CTDPA ), which becomes effective on July 1, 2023. 
 
 The EU has adopted data protection laws and regulations which may apply to us in certain circumstances, or in the future. The collection and use of health data and other personal data is governed in the EU by the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which extends the geographical scope of EU data protection law to entities and operations outside of the EU under certain conditions and imposes substantial obligations upon companies and new rights for individuals, and by certain EU member state-level legislation. The GDPR, which is wide-ranging in scope and applicability, imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the security and confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification and the use of third party processors in connection with the processing of personal data, including clinical trials. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to the U.S., provides an enforcement authority and imposes large penalties for noncompliance, including the potential for fines of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. 
 
 In addition, other new regulation or legislative actions regarding data privacy and security (together with applicable industry standards) may increase our costs of doing business. In this regard, we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards relating to privacy and data protection in the United States, the EU, the UK and other jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. With the GDPR, UK GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, CDPA, CPA, UCPA, CTDPA, and other laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations, and with substantial uncertainty over the interpretation and application of these and other obligations, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices, and may incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to do so. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as vendors or service providers, violate applicable laws or regulations or our policies, such violations may also put our or our customers data at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our service providers to comply with our applicable policies or notices relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, our contractual or other obligations to third parties, or any of our other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, claims and other proceedings, harm our reputation, and could result in significant liability. 
 To the extent we contract with government entities, such government contracts could expose us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting environment. 
 To the extent we contract with any government entities, such government contracts carry various risks inherent in contracting with government entities. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 - 63 - 

Government entities, particularly in the United States, often reserve the right to audit our contracts and conduct reviews, inquiries and investigations of our business practices and performance with respect to government contracts. If a government client discovers improper conduct during its audits or investigations, we may become subject to various civil and criminal penalties, including those under the civil U.S. False Claims Act, and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, suspension of payments, fines and civil money penalties, and suspensions or debarment from doing business with other government agencies. 
 U.S. government contracting regulations impose strict compliance and disclosure obligations and our failure to comply with these obligations could be a basis for suspension or debarment, or both, from federal government contracting in addition to breach of the specific contract. 
 Government contracts are subject to heightened reputational and contractual risks compared to contracts with commercial clients and often involve more extensive scrutiny and publicity. Negative publicity, including allegations of improper or illegal activity, poor contract performance, or information security breaches, regardless of accuracy, may adversely affect our reputation. 
 Terms and conditions of government contracts also tend to be more onerous, are often more difficult to negotiate and involve additional costs. We must comply with specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, as well as various statutes, regulations and requirements related to employment practices, recordkeeping and accounting. Our failure to comply with a variety of complex procurement rules and regulations could result in our liability for penalties, including termination of our government contracts, disqualification from bidding on future government contracts and suspension or debarment from government contracting. 
 Government entities typically fund projects through appropriated monies, which can be impacted by changes in presidential administration and budget priorities. 
 Government entities reserve the right to change the scope of or terminate these projects at their convenience for lack of approved funding or other reasons, which could limit our recovery of reimbursable expenses or investments. In addition, government contracts may be protested, which could result in administrative procedures and litigation, result in delays in performance and payment, be expensive to defend and be incapable of prompt resolution. 
 It is common in contracting with governments for there to be a prime contractor with privity of contract to the government client and one or more subcontractors. There are inherent risks in being a subcontractor, including without limitation, reliance on the performance of the prime contractor for the execution of the contract to the satisfaction of the client. Additionally, when we serve as the prime contractor, we rely on our subcontractors to fulfill certain contractual obligations under our agreements with government clients. A failure by the prime contractor to perform under an agreement under which we serve as a subcontractor, or a failure by a subcontractor to perform under an agreement under which we serve as a prime contractor, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The occurrences or conditions described above could affect not only our business with government entities involved, but also our business with other entities of the same or other governmental bodies or with certain commercial clients and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we, including our employees, suppliers, distributors, independent contractors, and agents acting on our behalf, fail to comply with federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, including those governing submissions of false or fraudulent claims to government healthcare programs and financial relationships with healthcare providers, we may be subject to significant civil and criminal penalties and/or loss of eligibility to participate in government healthcare programs. 
 We are subject to certain federal and state laws and regulations designed to protect patients, governmental healthcare programs, and private health plans from fraudulent and abusive activities. These laws include anti-kickback restrictions and laws prohibiting the submission of false or fraudulent claims. These laws are complex and their application to our specific products, services and relationships may not be clear and may be applied to our business in ways that we do not anticipate. Federal and state regulatory and law enforcement authorities have recently increased enforcement activities with respect to Medicare and Medicaid fraud and abuse regulations and other reimbursement laws and rules. From time to time in the future, we may receive inquiries or subpoenas to produce documents in connection with such activities. We could be required to expend significant time and resources to comply with these requests, and the attention of our management team could be diverted to these efforts. Furthermore, third parties have in the past alleged, and may in the future allege that we have sought federal funding in a manner that may violate federal or state law. Though we dispute such allegations, if we are found to be in violation of any federal or state fraud and abuse laws, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties, and we could be excluded from participating in federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. The occurrence of any of these events could significantly harm our business and financial condition. 
 
 - 64 - 

Provisions in Title XI of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, prohibit the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in return for or to reward the referral of patients or arranging for the referral of patients, or in return for the recommendation, arrangement, purchase, lease or order of items or services that are covered, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid. The definition of remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value such as gifts, discounts, rebates, waiver of payments or providing anything inconsistent with the fair market value. Many states have adopted similar prohibitions against kickbacks and other practices that are intended to induce referrals which are applicable to all patients regardless of whether the patient is covered under a governmental health program or private health plan. We attempt to scrutinize our business relationships and activities to comply with the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and similar laws and we attempt to structure our sales and group purchasing arrangements in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of applicable safe harbors to these laws. We cannot assure you, however, that our arrangements will be protected by such safe harbors or that such increased enforcement activities will not directly or indirectly have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any determination by a state or federal agency that any of our activities or those of our vendors or customers violate any of these laws could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, monetary fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment of our operations, could require us to change or terminate some portions of operations or business, could disqualify us from providing services to healthcare providers doing business with government programs and, thus, could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our business is also subject to numerous federal and state laws, including without limitation the civil False Claims Act, that prohibits the knowing submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent information or the failure to disclose information in connection with the submission and payment of claims for reimbursement to Medicare, Medicaid, federal healthcare programs or private health plans. Analogous state laws and regulations may apply to our arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payers. Additionally, HIPAA also imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. 
 
 These laws and regulations may change rapidly, and it is frequently unclear how they apply to our business. Errors created by our products or consulting services that relate to entry, formatting, preparation or transmission of claim or cost report information may be determined or alleged to be in violation of these laws and regulations. Any failure of our products or services to comply with these laws and regulations could result in substantial civil or criminal liability, monetary fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment of our operations, could adversely affect demand for our one or more of our offerings, could invalidate all or portions of some of our customer contracts, could require us to change or terminate some portions of our business, could require us to refund portions of our services fees, could cause us to be disqualified from serving customers doing business with government payers and could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our activities are also subject to state and federal self-referral laws, including the federal Physician Self-referral Law, commonly known as the Stark Law, which prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to providers of designated health services with whom the physician or a member of the physician s immediate family has an ownership interest or compensation arrangement, unless a statutory or regulatory exception applies, and similar state equivalents that may apply regardless of payer. Our failure to abide by these state and federal laws could result in substantial fines and penalties. 
 
 Because of the far-reaching nature of these laws, we may be required to alter or discontinue one or more of our business practices to be in compliance with these laws. If we fail to adequately mitigate our operational risks or if we or our agents fail to comply with any of those regulations, laws and/or requirements, a range of actions could result, including, but not limited to restrictions on our products or manufacturing processes, withdrawal of our products from the market, significant fines, exclusion from government healthcare programs or other sanctions or litigation. Such occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. 
 
 - 65 - 

The scope and enforcement of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal or state regulatory authorities might challenge our current or future activities under these laws. Any such challenge could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with these laws and regulations and will involve substantial costs. Any state or federal regulatory review of us or the third parties with whom we contract, regardless of the outcome, would be costly and time-consuming. Further, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent misconduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with applicable healthcare laws. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 Healthcare policy changes, including legislation reforming the U.S. healthcare system, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Changes in political, economic and regulatory influences could impact the purchasing practices and operations of our clients and increase our costs to deliver products and solutions that enable our clients to meet their compliance requirements. The demand for our products and solutions is subject to changes in new regulatory requirements and compliance deadlines, which could impact our financial results. We cannot predict whether or when future health care reform initiatives at the federal or state level or other initiatives affecting our business will be proposed, enacted or implemented, or what impact those initiatives may have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA was enacted in the United States, which made a number of substantial changes in the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among other things, the ACA, creates initiatives to promote quality indicators in payment methodologies and the coordination and promotion of research on comparative clinical effectiveness of different technologies and procedures. 
 
 We cannot predict whether future healthcare initiatives will be implemented at the federal or state level, or how any future legislation or regulation may affect us. The taxes imposed by the new federal legislation and the expansion of government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry, as well as changes to the reimbursement amounts paid by payers for our current and future offerings, may reduce our profits and have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Furthermore, since its enactment, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. In June 2021, the United States Supreme Court held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Accordingly, the ACA remains in effect in its current form. It is unclear how this Supreme Court decision, future litigation, or healthcare measures promulgated by the Biden administration will impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Complying with any new legislation or changes in healthcare regulation could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. Recently, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. We face uncertainties that might result from legislative, executive, and administrative actions and future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented by at the federal and state levels. Any changes to the ACA or implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms are likely to have an impact on our results of operations and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, or may prevent us from being able to generate revenue or attain profitability. We cannot predict what other healthcare programs and regulations will ultimately be implemented at the federal or state level or the effect of any future legislation or regulation in the United States may have on our business. Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs and subject us to additional regulatory requirements that may interrupt commercialization of our current and future solutions. 
 - 66 - 

We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws with respect to our operations and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal and/or civil liability and harm our business. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended ("FCPA"), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and possibly other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, third-party intermediaries, joint venture partners and collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. We currently engage in business and sales with select government and state-owned entities outside of the United States. In addition, we engage third-party intermediaries to promote and sell certain of our products and solutions abroad and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, and other regulatory approvals. We or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. 
 
 We have adopted an anti-corruption policy that, mandates compliance with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws applicable to our business throughout the world. However, we cannot assure you that our employees and third-party intermediaries will comply with this policy or such anti-corruption laws. Noncompliance with anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension and/or debarment from contracting with certain persons, the loss of export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas, investigations, or other enforcement actions are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense and compliance costs and other professional fees. In certain cases, enforcement authorities may even cause us to appoint an independent compliance monitor which can result in added costs and administrative burdens. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws. 
 Our products and solutions are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls. Exports of our products and solutions outside of the United States must be made in compliance with these laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges, fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. 
 
 In addition, changes in our products or solutions or changes in applicable export or import laws and regulations may create delays in the introduction, provision, or sale of our products and solutions in international markets, prevent customers from using our products and solutions or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products and solutions to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any limitation on our ability to export, provide, or sell our products and solutions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to fines, penalties or legal liability, if it is determined that we are practicing medicine without a license through our Eviti solutions. 
 
 State laws prohibit the practice of medicine without a license. Our Eviti reports delivered to physicians provide information regarding FDA-approved therapies and clinical trials that oncologists may use in making treatment decisions for their patients. We make members of our organization available to clinicians to discuss the information provided in the report. Our customer service representatives provide support to our customers, including assistance in interpreting the results of our Eviti solution. A governmental authority or third party could allege that the identification of available therapies and clinical trials in our reports and the related customer service we provide constitute the practice of medicine. A state may seek to have us discontinue the inclusion of certain aspects of our reports or the related services we provide or subject us to fines, penalties, or licensure requirements. Any determination that we are practicing medicine without a license may result in significant liability to us and harm to our reputation and/or our Eviti business. 
 - 67 - 

Errors, misconduct, or illegal activity on the part of our customers may result in claims against us. 
 
 We rely on our customers, and we contractually obligate them, to provide us with accurate and appropriate data and directives for our actions. We rely upon our customers, as users of our solutions and systems infrastructure, for key activities to produce proper claims for reimbursement. Failure of customers to provide these data and directives or to perform these activities may result in claims against us that our reliance was misplaced. 
 Our services present the potential for embezzlement, identity theft or other similar illegal behavior by our employees or subcontractors with respect to third parties. 
 
 Our services also involve the use and disclosure of personal and business information that could be used to impersonate third parties or otherwise gain access to their data or funds. If any of our employees or subcontractors takes, converts or misuses such funds, documents or data, we could be liable for damages, and our business reputation could be damaged or destroyed. 
 Risks related to our common stock 
 Dr. Soon-Shiong, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our principal stockholder, and entities affiliated with him, collectively own a significant majority of our common stock and will exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, regardless of the wishes of other stockholders. 
 As of April 13, 2023, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our principal stockholder, Dr. Soon-Shiong, and entities affiliated with him, collectively beneficially own approximately 62 of the voting power of our common stock. As a result, Dr. Soon-Shiong and his affiliates have significant influence over management and significant control over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the annual election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or assets, for the foreseeable future. This concentrated control will limit stockholders ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Dr. Soon-Shiong, has significant interests in other companies which may conflict with our interests. 
 Dr. Soon-Shiong, is the founder of NantWorks. The various NantWorks companies are currently exploring opportunities in the immunotherapy, infectious disease and inflammatory disease fields. As a result, they or other companies affiliated with Dr. Soon-Shiong may compete with us for business opportunities or, in the future, develop products that are competitive with ours. As a result, Dr. Soon-Shiong s interests may not be aligned with the interests of our other stockholders, and he may from time to time be incentivized to take certain actions that benefit his other interests and that our other stockholders do not view as being in their interest as investors in our company. Moreover, even if they do not directly relate to us, actions taken by Dr. Soon-Shiong and the companies and charitable organizations with which he is involved could have a negative impact on our business. 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains a waiver of the corporate opportunities doctrine for NantWorks and its affiliates, which includes our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and therefore covered persons have no obligations to make opportunities available to us. 
 NantWorks, which is controlled by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and its affiliates, beneficially owns approximately 62 of the voting power of our common stock as of April 13, 2023. 
 NantWorks and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities across the life science, biopharmaceutical, healthcare information technology and technology sectors. In the ordinary course of their business activities, NantWorks and its affiliates may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of NantWorks, any of its affiliates and all of their respective partners, principals, directors, officers, members, managers and/or employees, including any of the foregoing who serve as officers or directors of our company, to the fullest extent permissible by law, have any duty to bring business opportunities to our attention or to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. NantWorks or its affiliates may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, NantWorks may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 - 68 - 

We can provide no assurances that we will be able to maintain an active, liquid and orderly trading market for our common stock or what the market price of our common stock will be and as a result it may be difficult for you to sell your common stock. 
 Prior to our initial public offering in June 2016, there was no public market for our common stock. Although our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq"), the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity. Further, because a significant amount of our common stock following our initial public offering is and is expected to continue to be held by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Soon-Shiong, and entities affiliated with him, we have relatively small historic trading volumes. As a result of these and other factors, you may not be able to sell your common stock quickly or at or above the price you purchased your stock or at all. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional common stock and may impair our ability to enter into strategic collaborations or acquire companies or products by using our common stock as consideration. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. This volatility may affect the price at which you could sell our common stock, the notes and any common stock you receive upon conversion of your notes. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors. The trading price of our common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments and the timing of these introductions or announcements; 
 adverse regulatory or reimbursement announcements; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or capital commitments; 
 the results of our efforts to develop additional offerings; 
 our dependence on our customers, partners and collaborators; 
 regulatory or legal developments in the United States or other countries; 
 developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 
 the recruitment or departure of key management or other personnel; 
 our ability to successfully commercialize our future products; 
 the level of expenses related to any of our products; 
 actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 
 actual or anticipated quarterly variations in our financial results or those of our competitors; 
 any change to the composition of the board of directors or key personnel; 
 sales of common stock by us or our stockholders in the future, as well as the overall trading volume of our common stock; 
 commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation, including claims by our equity holders pertaining to our conversion from a Delaware limited liability company into a Delaware corporation or the pending class action litigation; 
 general economic, industry and market conditions and other factors that may be unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors, including changes in market valuations of similar companies; and 
 the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the Nasdaq and the healthcare industry in particular, have from time to time experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of the underlying companies, including the current macroeconomic trends and geopolitical events. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock or the notes, regardless of our operating performance. In several recent situations where the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders were to bring a lawsuit against us, the defense and disposition of the lawsuit could be costly and divert the time and attention of our management and would harm our business operating results or financial condition. 
 - 69 - 

If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, our investors may lose confidence in us and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. If our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Our compliance with Section 404 requires that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We have engaged outside consultants who function in the capacity of an internal audit group, and we will continue to hire additional consultants, accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge as we maintain the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. 
 
 We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate and weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. 
 
 We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken, or will take, to remediate a material weakness and significant deficiencies will continue to be effective or that we will be successful in implementing them. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we have identified all significant deficiencies or material weaknesses or that we will not in the future have additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, in particular as we seek to transition to a more developed internal control environment and continue to grow as a company in terms of size, complexity of business and potentially in connection with future strategic transactions. 
 
 Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may be late with the filing of our periodic reports, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could harm our reputation, financial condition or divert financial and management resources from our core business and would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to remedy our current and any future material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 
 In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm did not perform an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting during any period in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Had our independent registered public accounting firm performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, additional control deficiencies amounting to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses may have been identified. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls in the future. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Our common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Global Select Market if we cannot regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. 
 In order to maintain our listing on Nasdaq, we are required to comply with the Nasdaq requirements, which includes maintaining a minimum bid price and a minimum public float. In particular, we are required to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share and a minimum of 15 million in public float. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, we received a notice (the MVPHS Notice from Nasdaq informing us that we are not in compliance with the minimum 15 million market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market pursuant to Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C) (the Public Float Requirement ). The MVPHS Notice has no immediate effect on our Nasdaq listing or trading of our common stock. 
 
 - 70 - 

In accordance with Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D), we have a period of 180 calendar days, or until May 1, 2023, to regain compliance with the Public Float Requirement. If, at any time before May 1, 2023, the market value of our Publicly Held shares of common stock closes at 15 million or more for at least 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification to us that we have regained compliance with the Public Float Requirement. 
 
 If we do not regain compliance with the Public Float Requirement by May 1, 2023, Nasdaq will provide written notification to us that our common stock may be delisted. At that time, we may appeal the delisting determination to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the "Panel"). We expect that our common stock would remain listed pending the Panel s decision in connection with an appeal. However, there can be no assurance that, if we receive a delisting notice and appeal the delisting determination to the Panel, such appeal would be successful. 
 
 If we fail to regain compliance with the Public Float Requirement, our common stock may be delisted. Delisting from the Nasdaq Global Select Market or any Nasdaq market could make trading our common stock more difficult for investors, potentially leading to declines in our share price and liquidity. In addition, without a Nasdaq market listing, stockholders may have a difficult time getting a quote for the sale or purchase of our common stock, the sale or purchase of our common stock would likely be made more difficult and the trading volume and liquidity of our common stock could decline. Delisting from Nasdaq could also result in negative publicity and could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. The absence of such a listing may adversely affect the acceptance of our common stock as currency or the value accorded by other parties. Further, if we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs under state blue sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock in the secondary market. If our common stock is delisted by Nasdaq, our common stock may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter quotation system, such as the OTCQB market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our common stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock. We cannot assure you that our common stock, if delisted from Nasdaq, will be listed on another national securities exchange or quoted on an over-the counter quotation system. If our common stock is delisted, it may come within the definition of penny stock as defined in the Exchange Act, and would be covered by Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, Rule 15g-9, if it were to become applicable, would affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell our securities, and accordingly would affect the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the public market. These additional procedures could also limit our ability to raise additional capital in the future. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management has been and will be required to devote substantial time to public company compliance initiatives. 
 As a public company, listed in the United States, and increasingly after we no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses as a result of operating as a public company. In addition, changing laws and regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, may increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. If, notwithstanding our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, we fail to comply, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
 
 Stockholder activism, the current political environment, and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact, in ways we cannot currently anticipate, the manner in which we operate our business. Our management and other personnel have and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance programs and monitoring of public company reporting obligations and, as a result of the new corporate governance and executive compensation related rules, regulations, and guidelines prompted by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act and further regulations and disclosure obligations expected in the future, we will likely need to devote additional time and costs to comply with such compliance programs and rules. New laws and regulations, as well as changes to existing laws and regulations affecting public companies, including provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Dodd-Frank Act and rules adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq, will likely result in increased costs to us as we respond to their requirements. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these rules and regulations, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 
 - 71 - 

New legislation that would change U.S. or foreign taxation of international business activities or other tax-reform policies, including the imposition of tax based on gross income, could seriously harm our business. 
 Reforming the taxation of international businesses has been a priority for politicians, and a wide variety of potential changes have been proposed. Some proposals, several of which have been enacted, impose incremental taxes on gross revenue, regardless of profitability. Any changes in the taxation of such activities may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and the amount of taxes we pay and seriously harm our business. 
 
 For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ("Tax Act") was enacted on December 22, 2017 and significantly reformed the Code. The Tax Act lowered the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate, changed the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, allowed for the expensing of certain capital expenditures, and put into effect sweeping changes to U.S. taxation of international business activities. As a result, our net U.S. deferred tax assets and corresponding valuation allowances were revalued at the new U.S. corporate rate. 
 
 The Tax Act contains provisions which require mandatory capitalization of research and development (R D) costs, with amortization over five years for US expenditures and amortization over 15 years for foreign activities. Section 174 is amended for tax years beginning January 1, 2022 to eliminate the option to deduct Section 174 expenses and requires capitalization of the expenditures with amortization over five years for domestic expenditures and fifteen years for foreign expenditures. We continue to examine the impact this tax reform legislation may have on our business. 
 
 We continue to examine the impact this tax reform legislation may have on our business. The impact of this tax reform on us and on holders of our common stock is uncertain and could seriously harm our business. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 In general, under Section 382 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to annual limitations on its ability to use its pre-change net operating loss NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes, to offset future taxable income or reduce taxes. We believe that we have undergone one or more ownership changes and accordingly, our ability to use our NOL carryforwards may be limited. 
 
 Additionally, the Tax Act, which was enacted on December 22, 2017, significantly reformed the Code, including changes to the rules governing NOL carryforwards. For NOL carryforwards arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Tax Act limited a taxpayer s ability to utilize such carryforwards to 80 of taxable income. In addition, NOL carryforwards arising in tax years ending after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but carryback is generally prohibited. NOL carryforwards generated by us before January 1, 2018 will not be subject to the taxable income limitation and will continue to have a twenty-year carryforward period. However, the changes in the carryforward and carryback periods as well as the new limitation on use of NOLs may significantly impact our ability to use NOL carryforwards generated after December 31, 2017, as well as the timing of any such use, and could seriously harm our business. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 We do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock may be investors sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 We are a smaller reporting company" and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We qualify as a smaller reporting company during fiscal year 2023, which allows us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. These exemptions include: 
 
 being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with correspondingly reduced Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations disclosure; 
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 - 72 - 

Investors may find our common stock less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the market price of our common stock may be reduced or more volatile. 
 Because we are relying on the exemptions from corporate governance requirements as a result of being a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards, you do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Soon-Shiong, and entities affiliated with him, control a majority of our common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, including (1) the requirement that a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors and (2) the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We have elected to rely on certain of these exemptions, and do not have a nominating and corporate governance committee. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 We are not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could negatively affect your investment. 
 We elected in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to not be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or Section 203. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes a merger, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or, in certain cases, within three years prior, did own) 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. Our decision not to be subject to Section 203 will allow, for example, Dr. Soon-Shiong, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (who, with entities affiliated with him, beneficially own approximately 62 of the voting power of our common stock, as of April 13, 2023), to transfer shares in excess of 15 of our voting stock to a third-party free of the restrictions imposed by Section 203. This may make us more vulnerable to takeovers that are completed without the approval of our board of directors and/or without giving us the ability to prohibit or delay such takeovers as effectively. 
 Some provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. These provisions include: 
 
 a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the board of directors, the president or the chief executive officer; 
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; and 
 the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 
 - 73 - 

These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 
 
 We will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. 
 We may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law. 
 We are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification. 
 We will not be obligated pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification. 
 The rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. 
 We may not retroactively amend our bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 To the extent that a claim for indemnification is brought by any of our directors or officers, it would reduce the amount of funds available for use in our business. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 - 74 - 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Morrisville, North Carolina and we also have offices in El Segundo, California, where we occupy facilities totaling approximately 8,000 square feet on a month-to-month basis pursuant to a Shared Services Agreement with NantWorks. We use these facilities for administration, sales and marketing, research and development, engineering, customer support, and professional services. In addition, we have two U.S. locations across two states and two international locations. Our key facilities include the following: 
 United States 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 
 International 
 Belfast, Northern Ireland 
 Ottawa, Canada 
 
 We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs in the near term, and that, if needed, suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any expansion of our operations. 
 The following table outlines our facilities location, square footage, and use: 
 City State Country Sq ft Type Business Nature/Use Boston MA USA 23,173 Lease Administrative, sales, customer support, R D, engineering, professional services Belfast NI UK 15,500 Lease R D, engineering, administrative Philadelphia PA USA 14,183 Lease Administrative, sales, customer support, R D, engineering, professional services Ottawa ON CA 4,202 Lease Administrative, sales, customer support, R D, engineering, professional services 57,058 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are, from time to time, subject to claims and litigation that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Except as discussed in Note 12 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, in the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of proceedings of which management is aware, even if adverse to us, would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. See Note 12 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 - 75 - 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NH . 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of April 14, 2023, we had approximately 111 holders of record of our common stock. We believe the actual number of stockholders is greater than the number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust or by other entities. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 No cash dividends were declared for our common stock during the fiscal years ended in 2022 and 2021. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, terms of any future debt agreements that preclude us from paying dividends, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 
 We did not make any stock repurchases during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 
 - 76 - 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and the results of operations as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on the beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to our management, and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, among others, those described in greater detail elsewhere in this Annual Report, particularly in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Overview 
 NantHealth, Inc. NantHealth or the Company provides enterprise solutions that help businesses transform complex data into actionable insights. By offering efficient ways to move, interpret, and visualize complex and highly sensitive information, we help our customers in healthcare, life sciences, logistics, telecommunications, and other industries, to automate, understand, and act on data while keeping it secure and scalable. 
 NantHealth s product portfolio comprises the latest technology in payer/provider collaboration platforms for real-time coverage decision support (NaviNet and Eviti), and data solutions that include multi-data analysis, reporting and professional services offerings (Quadris). In addition, The OpenNMS Group, Inc. ("OpenNMS"), a NantHealth subsidiary, helps businesses monitor and manage network health and performance. Altogether, we generally derive revenue from SaaS subscription fees, support services, professional services, and revenue sharing through collaborations with complementary businesses. 
 
 We market certain of our solutions as a comprehensive integrated solution that includes our clinical decision support, payer engagement solutions, data analysis and network monitoring and management. We also market our clinical decision support, payer engagement solutions, data analysis and network monitoring and management on a stand-alone basis. To accelerate our commercial growth and enhance our competitive advantage, we intend to continue to: 
 
 introduce new marketing, education and engagement efforts and foster relationships across the health care community to drive adoption of NantHealth products and services; 
 strengthen our commercial organization to increase our NantHealth solutions customer base and to broaden usage of our solutions by existing customers; 
 develop new features and functionality for NantHealth solutions to address the needs of current and future healthcare provider and payer, self-insured employer and biopharmaceutical company customers, as well as logistics, telecommunications and other customers through OpenNMS; and 
 publish scientific and medical advances. 
 
 The acquisition of OpenNMS, an enterprise-grade open-source network management company, expands and diversifies NantHealth s software portfolio and service offerings, adding AI technologies, and enhancing cloud and SaaS capabilities. We believe OpenNMS will provide NantHealth customers with a new set of services to maintain reliable network connections for critical data flows that enable patient data collaboration and decision making at the point of care. 
 Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all our resources to the development and commercialization of NantHealth solutions. To complement our internal growth and expertise, we have made several strategic acquisitions of companies, products and technologies. We have incurred significant losses since our inception and, as of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit was approximately 1.1 billion. We expect to continue to incur operating losses over the near term as we expand our commercial operations and invest further in NantHealth solutions. 
 We plan to (i) continue investing in our infrastructure, including but not limited to solution development, sales and marketing, implementation and support, (ii) continue efforts to make infrastructure investments within an overall context of maintaining reasonable expense discipline, (iii) add new customers through maintaining and expanding sales, marketing and solution development activities, (iv) expand our relationships with existing customers through delivery of add-on and complementary solutions and services and (v) continue our commitment of service in support of our customer satisfaction programs. 
 - 77 - 

Senior Secured Term Loan Facility 
 
 On March 2, 2023, we and certain of our subsidiaries as guarantors (the Subsidiary Guarantors, and together with us, the Obligors ), entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with Nant Capital, LLC Nant Capital ), an affiliate of Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, our CEO, and Highbridge Tactical Credit Master Fund, L.P. and Highbridge Convertible Dislocation Fund, L.P. (collectively, Highbridge Senior Lenders ), as the lenders, GLAS USA, LLC, as administrative agent, and GLAS Americas, LLC, as collateral agent (collectively, Agent ). The Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 22.5 million that was made in a single drawdown by us at closing (the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility ). 
 
 The maturity date of the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility is December 15, 2023 (the Maturity Date and accrues interest at an annual rate of 13 per annum with a 1 original issue discount. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors and are secured by a security interest in, and lien on, substantially all property (subject to certain exceptions) of the Obligors (the "Collateral"). We have the right to prepay the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility at any time or from time to time on or after the Existing Convertible Senior Notes Security Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement), subject to a prepayment premium. 
 
 The Credit Agreement includes conditions precedent, representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and post-closing conditions customary for financings of this type and size, such as, among other things, limitations on indebtedness, a minimum liquidity requirement of cash and cash equivalents of not less than 5 million at any time, liens, fundamental changes, asset sales, investments and other matters customarily restricted in such agreements. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default, after which the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility may be due and payable immediately, including, without limitation, payment defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency proceedings, cross-defaults to certain other agreements, judgments against the Company and its subsidiaries, change in control and lien priority. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains certain post-closing conditions requiring, among other things, that the Company use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell certain businesses of the Company. 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of, and pursuant to, the Credit Agreement, we also entered into (1) a subordination agreement (the Subordination Agreement with Nant Capital and Airstrip Technologies, Inc. (collectively, the Affiliated Lenders ), who are holders of certain affiliated debt of the Company, and (2) a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement with certain entities affiliated with the Highbridge Senior Lenders and Nant Capital, who are holders of the 2021 Notes (as defined below) issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of April 27, 2021, by and among the Company, NaviNet, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) (the 2021 Indenture ). The Subordination Agreement provides, among other things, that any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on certain subordinated debt held by the Affiliated Lenders shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment of the full Senior Secured Term Loan Facility so long as such Senior Secured Term Loan Facility is outstanding. The Letter Agreement provides that, among other things, (1) the holders of the 2026 Notes shall waive compliance with certain provisions of the 2021 Indenture, including, but not limited to, restrictions on borrowings from an affiliate lender of ours and any current or future Default or Event of Default (as each term is defined in the 2021 Indenture) pursuant to any breach of Section 4.10 of the 2021 Indenture arising from any borrowing made by the affiliated lender to us, each such waiver is solely in connection with the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility, (2) prohibit the holders of the 2026 Notes from exercising any right to require us to repurchase any or all of the 2026 Notes upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as defined in the 2021 Indenture) solely in connection with our common stock being delisted from the Nasdaq Global Select Market or a similar securities exchange for a period beginning on the Closing Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and ending on the date that is five (5) months after the Closing Date, and (3) restricting the holders of the 2026 Notes from disposing of or otherwise transferring the 2026 Notes to any person other than an affiliate of such holder, until the approval of the Indenture Consent (as defined in the Letter Agreement). 
 
 2022 Nant Capital Promissory Note 
 
 On November 21, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured subordinated promissory note (the 2022 Nant Capital Note with Nant Capital, whereby Nant Capital loaned 7.0 million to the Company. The 2022 Nant Capital Note contains an interest rate equal to the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 8.5 per annum, compounded annually and a maturity date of October 31, 2026. The Nant Capital Note also contains semiannual interest payments due on April 15th and October 15th of each year. The payment of the 2022 Nant Capital Note shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the 2021 Notes (as defined below). 
 
 - 78 - 

Airstrip Promissory Note 
 
 On October 3, 2022, we entered into an unsecured subordinated promissory note (the Airstrip Note with Airstrip Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Airstrip ), whereby AirStrip loaned 4.0 million to us. The Airstrip Note contains an 8.5 interest rate compounded annually and a maturity date of October 31, 2026. The payment of the Airstrip Note shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the 2021 Notes. 
 Purchase, Exchange and Prepayment of Convertible Notes 
 On April 13, 2021, we and our wholly owned subsidiary, NaviNet (the Guarantor entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement with Highbridge Capital Management, LLC and one of its affiliates Highbridge and Nant Capital, an entity affiliated with Dr. Soon-Shiong, to issue and sell 137.5 million in aggregate principal amount of our 4.5 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2021 Notes in a private placement pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Note Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by us. Under the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify the buyers against certain liabilities. The 2021 Notes were issued on April 27, 2021. The 2021 Notes will mature on April 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company is required within forty-five (45) days after the closing of the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility to guarantee the 2021 Notes by the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors secured by second priority liens on the Collateral and governed by covenants substantially similar to certain negative and affirmative covenants of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On April 13, 2021, we entered into a transaction with Highbridge to exchange 5.0 million of its 36.9 million in existing 5.5 convertible senior notes due 2021 (the 2016 Notes and with Cambridge Equities, L.P. ("Cambridge"), an entity affiliated with Dr. Soon-Shiong, to exchange 5.0 million of its 10.0 million in existing 2016 Notes for shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Common Stock ), pursuant to an exchange agreement dated as of April 13, 2021 (the Exchange Agreement ). 
 
 On April 27, 2021, concurrent with the 2021 Notes issuance, the Company used the proceeds to prepay the remaining 31.9 million principal amount of the 2016 Notes held by Highbridge, including 0.6 million of accrued interest on such 2016 Notes. 
 
 On April 27, 2021, in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note which amends and restates our promissory note, dated January 4, 2016, as amended on May 9, 2016, and on December 15, 2016, between us and Nant Capital, to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the promissory note to October 1, 2026 and to subordinate the promissory note in right of payment to the 2021 Notes. 
 
 On April 27, 2021, in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, we entered into a Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note which amends and restates our promissory note, dated August 8, 2018, as amended on December 31, 2020, between us and Nant Capital, to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the promissory note to December 31, 2026 and to subordinate the Second Promissory Note in right of payment to the 2021 Notes. 
 
 On April 27, 2021, in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes and the amended and restated promissory notes, we provided a notice of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2016 Notes) and an offer to repurchase all our outstanding 2016 Notes. On May 25, 2021, the Company purchased 55.6 million of the outstanding 2016 Notes, including accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 
 Nasdaq Delisting 
 
 On October 31, 2022, we received a notice (the MVPHS Notice from Nasdaq informing us that we are not in compliance with the minimum 15 million market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market pursuant to Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C) (the Public Float Requirement ). The MVPHS Notice had no immediate effect on our Nasdaq listing or trading of our common stock. 
 
 In accordance with Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D), we have a period of 180 calendar days, or until May 1, 2023, to regain compliance with the Public Float Requirement. If, at any time before May 1, 2023, the market value of our Publicly Held shares of common stock closes at 15 million or more for at least 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification to us that we have regained compliance with the Public Float Requirement. 
 
 If we do not regain compliance with the Public Float Requirement by May 1, 2023, Nasdaq will provide written notification to us that our common stock may be delisted. At that time, we may appeal the delisting determination to a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel. We expect that our common stock would remain listed pending the panel s decision. However, there can be 
 - 79 - 

no assurance that, if we receive a delisting notice and appeal the delisting determination to the panel, such appeal would be successful. 
 
 We intend to monitor the market value of our common stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Public Float Requirement. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 In August 2022, our Board of Directors approved a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-15. On December 15, 2022, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a 1-for-15 reverse stock split of our common stock. As a result of the reverse stock split, every 15 shares of our issued or outstanding pre-reverse split common stock was combined into one share of common stock. No fractional shares were issued upon the reverse stock split. On December 16, 2022, our common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on Nasdaq. 
 
 In connection with the reverse stock split, there was no change to the shares authorized or in the par value per share of 0.0001. All historical per share data, number of shares outstanding and other common stock equivalents for the periods presented in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto and this Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, have been adjusted retroactively, where applicable, to reflect the reverse stock split. 
 2017 Asset Purchase Agreement with Allscripts 
 On August 3, 2017, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the "APA") with Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc., or Allscripts , pursuant to which we agreed to sell to Allscripts substantially all of the assets of our provider/patient engagement solutions business, including our FusionFX solution and components of its NantOS software connectivity solutions (the Business ). On August 25, 2017, we and Allscripts completed the sale pursuant to the APA. 
 Allscripts conveyed to us 15,000,000 shares of our common stock at par value of 0.0001 per share that were previously owned by Allscripts as consideration for the transaction. We retired the shares of stock. Allscripts also paid 1.7 million of cash consideration to us as an estimated working capital payment, and we recorded a receivable of 1.0 million related to final working capital adjustments. We are also responsible for paying Allscripts for fulfilling certain customer service obligations of the business post-closing. 
 
 Concurrent with the closing and as contemplated by the APA, we and Allscripts modified the amended and restated mutual license and reseller agreement dated June 26, 2015, which was further amended on December 30, 2017, such that, among other things, the Company committed to deliver a minimum of 95.0 million of total bookings over a ten-year period Bookings Commitment from referral transactions and sales of certain Allscripts products under this agreement (see Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). We also agreed that Allscripts shall receive at least 0.5 million per year in payments from bookings (the Annual Minimum Commitment ). If the total payments received by Allscripts from bookings during such period are less than the Annual Minimum Commitment, we shall pay to Allscripts the difference between the Annual Minimum Commitment and the total amount received by Allscripts from bookings during such period. In the event of a Bookings Commitment shortfall at the end of the ten-year period, we may be obligated to pay 70 of the shortfall, subject to certain credits. We will earn 30 commission from Allscripts on each software referral transaction that results in a booking with Allscripts. We account for the Bookings Commitment at its estimated fair value over the life of the agreement. The total estimated liability was 38.6 million and 35.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Non-GAAP Net Loss from Continuing Operations and Non-GAAP Net Loss Per Share from Continuing Operations 
 Adjusted net loss from continuing operations and adjusted net loss per share from continuing operations are financial measures that are not prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). Our management believes that the presentation of Non-GAAP financial measures provides useful supplementary information regarding operational performance, because it enhances an investor s overall understanding of the financial results for our core business. Additionally, it provides a basis for the comparison of the financial results for our core business between current, past and future periods. Other companies may define these measures in different ways. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered only as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for or as a superior measure to, financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 - 80 - 

Non-GAAP net loss from continuing operations excludes the effects of 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Loss on exchange and prepayment of the 2016 Notes 
 Change in fair value of the derivatives liability 
 Change in fair value of the Bookings Commitment 
 Impairment of ROU asset 
 Noncash interest expense related to the convertible notes 
 Intangible assets amortization 
 Cyber incident estimated liability 
 Impacts of certain income tax benefits and provisions from noncash activity 

The following table reconciles Net loss from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth to Net loss from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth - Non-GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth (67,779) (58,282) Stock-based compensation expense from continuing operations 
 4,665 3,879 Loss on Exchange and Prepayment of 2016 Notes 742 Change in fair value of derivatives liability 
 (4) Change in fair value of Bookings Commitment 
 2,889 2,323 Impairment of ROU asset 208 Noncash interest expense related to convertible notes 147 622 Intangible amortization from continuing operations 
 8,930 8,880 Cyber incident estimated liability 220 Tax (provision) benefit resulting from certain noncash tax items (588) (60) Total adjustments to GAAP net loss from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth 16,471 16,382 Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth - Non-GAAP (51,308) (41,900) Weighted average basic common shares outstanding (1) 
 7,702,872 7,609,906 Net income (loss) per common share from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth - Non-GAAP (6.66) (5.51) 
 (1) Reflects the 1-for-15 reverse stock split that became effective December 16, 2022. Refer to Note 1. 
 
 - 81 - 

The following table reconciles Net loss per common share from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth to Net loss per common share from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth - Non-GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) per common share from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth (8.80) (7.66) Adjustments to GAAP net loss per common share from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth: Stock-based compensation expense from continuing operations 
 0.60 0.51 Loss on Exchange and Prepayment of 2016 Notes 0.10 Change in fair value of derivatives liability 
 Change in fair value of Bookings Commitment 
 0.38 0.30 Impairment of ROU asset 0.03 Noncash interest expense related to convertible notes 0.02 0.08 Intangible amortization from continuing operations 
 1.16 1.17 Cyber incident estimated liability 0.03 Tax (provision) benefit resulting from certain noncash tax items (0.08) (0.01) Total adjustments to GAAP net income (loss) per common share from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth 2.14 2.15 Net income (loss) per common share from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth - Non-GAAP (6.66) (5.51) 
 - 82 - 

Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate our revenue from the sale of SaaS, maintenance, and services. Our systems infrastructure and platforms support the delivery of both personalized comprehensive sequencing and molecular analysis, the implementation of value-based care models across the healthcare continuum, and maintenance of reliable network connections. We generate revenue from the following sources: 
 
 Software-as-a-service related - SaaS related revenue is generated from our customers access to and usage of our hosted software solutions on a subscription basis for a specified contract term. In SaaS arrangements, the customer cannot take possession of the software during the term of the contract and generally only has the right to access and use the software and receive any software upgrades published during the subscription period. Solutions sold under a SaaS model include our Eviti platform solutions and NaviNet. 
 
 Maintenance - Maintenance revenue includes technical support or maintenance on OpenNMS software during the contract term. Our networking monitoring solutions typically consist of a term-based subscription to the OpenNMS software license and maintenance, which entitle customers to unspecified software updates and upgrades on a when-and-if-available basis. Revenue is recognized over the maintenance or support term. 
 
 Professional services - Professional services revenue is generated from consulting services to help customers install, integrate and optimize OpenNMS, sponsored development, and training to assist customers deploy and use OpenNMS solutions. Sponsored development relates to professional services to build customer specific functionality, features, and enhancements into the OpenNMS open source platform. Typically, revenue is recognized over time using direct labor hours as a measure of progress. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue includes associated salaries and fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, consultant costs, direct reimbursable travel expenses, depreciation related to software developed for internal use, depreciation related to lab equipment, and other direct engagement costs associated with the design, development, sale and installation of systems, including system support and maintenance services for customers. System support includes ongoing customer assistance for software updates and upgrades, installation, training and functionality. All service costs, except development of internal use software and deferred implementation costs, are expensed when incurred. Amortization of deferred implementation costs are also included in cost of revenue. Cost of revenue associated with each of our revenue sources consists of the following types of costs: 
 
 Software-as-a-service related - SaaS related cost of revenue includes personnel-related costs, amortization of deferred implementation costs, amortization of internal-use software, and other direct costs associated with the delivery and hosting of our subscription services. 
 
 Maintenance - Maintenance cost of revenue includes personnel-related costs, amortization of internal-use software, and other direct costs associated with the ongoing support or maintenance provided to our customers. 
 
 Professional services - Professional services cost of revenue include personnel-related costs and other direct costs associated with consulting, sponsored development, and training provided to our customers. 
 
 We plan to continue to expand our capacity to support our growth, which will result in higher cost of revenue in absolute dollars. We expect cost of revenue to decrease as a percentage of revenue over time as we expand NantHealth solutions and realize economies of scale. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of selling, general and administrative, research and development, amortization of acquisition-related assets, and impairment of intangible assets, including internal-use software. 
 
 - 83 - 

Selling, general and administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel-related expenses for our sales and marketing, finance, legal, human resources, and administrative associates, stock-based compensation, advertising and marketing promotions of NantHealth solutions, and corporate shared services fees from NantWorks. This includes amortization of deferred commission costs. It also includes trade show and event costs, sponsorship costs, point of purchase display expenses and related amortization as well as legal costs, facility costs, consulting and professional fees, insurance and other corporate and administrative costs. 
 
 We continue to review our other selling, general and administrative investments and expect to drive cost savings through greater efficiencies and synergies across our company. Additionally, we expect to continue to incur additional costs for legal, accounting, insurance, investor relations and other costs associated with operating as a public company including costs associated with other regulations governing public companies as well as increased costs for directors and officers liability insurance and an enhanced investor relations function. However, we expect our selling, general and administrative expense to decrease as a percentage of revenue over the long term as our revenue increases and we realize economies of scale. 
 
 Research and development 
 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs for associates working on development of solutions, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation. Also included are non-personnel costs such as consulting and professional fees to third-party development resources. 
 Substantially all our research and development expenses are related to developing new software solutions and improving our existing software solutions. 
 We expect our research and development expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue as we continue to make investments in developing new solutions and enhancing the functionality of our existing solutions. However, we expect our research and development expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue over the long term as we realize economies of scale from our developed technology. 
 Amortization of acquisition-related assets 
 Amortization of acquisition-related assets consists of noncash amortization expense related to our non-revenue generating technology as well as amortization expense that we recognize on intangible assets that we acquired through our investments. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net primarily consists of interest expense associated with our outstanding borrowings, including coupon interest expense, amortization of debt discounts and amortization of deferred financing offering cost, offset by interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net consists primarily of foreign currency gains (losses), changes in the fair value of the Bookings Commitment, changes in the fair value of our derivative liability, and other non-recurring items. 
 (Provision for) Benefit from Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists of U.S. federal and state and foreign income taxes. We are required to allocate the provision for income taxes between continuing operations and other categories of earnings, such as discontinued operations. To date, we have no significant U.S. federal, state and foreign cash income taxes because of our current and accumulated net operating losses ("NOLs"). 
 We record a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all the available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the amount of the valuation allowance. When we establish or reduce the valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets, our provision for income taxes will increase or decrease, respectively, in the period such determination is made. 
 - 84 - 

Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax, Attributable to NantHealth 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax, attributable to NantHealth consists of earnings or losses related to the disposition of components of our business. 
 Net Loss Attributable to Non-controlling Interests 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests consists of earnings or losses related to minority ownership of components of our business. 
 - 85 - 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our Consolidated Statements of Operations data for each of the periods indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Software-as-a-service related 64,826 60,402 Maintenance 1,716 1,717 Professional services 457 507 Total software-related revenue 66,999 62,626 Other 3 23 Total net revenue 67,002 62,649 Cost of Revenue Software-as-a-service related 21,724 21,503 Maintenance 2,117 1,174 Professional services 9 14 Amortization of developed technologies 4,988 4,988 Total software-related cost of revenue 28,838 27,679 Other 1 128 Total cost of revenue 28,839 27,807 Gross Profit 38,163 34,842 Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative 62,501 52,092 Research and development 23,047 19,707 Amortization of acquisition-related assets 3,942 3,942 Total operating expenses 89,490 75,741 Income (loss) from operations (51,327) (40,899) Interest expense, net (14,119) (14,481) Other expense, net (2,650) (3,089) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (68,096) (58,469) (Provision for) benefit from income taxes (317) 97 Net income (loss) from continuing operations (67,779) (58,566) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax, attributable to NantHealth 23 Net income (loss) (67,779) (58,543) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (284) Net income (loss) attributable to NantHealth (67,779) (58,259) 
 
 - 86 - 

The following table sets forth our Consolidated Statements of Operations data as a percentage of revenue for each of the periods indicated (Unaudited): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Software-as-a-service related 96.7 96.5 Maintenance 2.6 2.7 Professional services 0.7 0.8 Total software-related revenue 100.0 100.0 Other 0.0 0.0 Total net revenue 100.0 100.0 Cost of Revenue Software-as-a-service related 32.4 34.3 Maintenance 3.2 1.9 Professional services 0.0 0.0 Amortization of developed technologies 7.4 8.0 Total software-related cost of revenue 43.0 44.2 Other 0.0 0.2 Total cost of revenue 43.0 44.4 Gross Profit 57.0 55.6 Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative 93.3 83.1 Research and development 34.4 31.5 Amortization of acquisition-related assets 5.9 6.3 Total operating expenses 133.6 120.9 Income (loss) from operations (76.6) (65.3) Interest expense, net (21.1) (23.1) Other expense, net (3.9) (4.9) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (101.6) (93.3) (Provision for) benefit from income taxes (0.4) 0.2 Net income (loss) from continuing operations (101.2) (93.5) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax, attributable to NantHealth 0.0 0.0 Net income (loss) (101.2) (93.5) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 0.0 (0.5) Net income (loss) attributable to NantHealth (101.2) (93.0) 
 - 87 - 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, Period-To-Period Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Amount Amount Amount Percentage Software-as-a-service related 64,826 60,402 4,424 7.3 Maintenance 1,716 1,717 (1) (0.1) Professional services 457 507 (50) (9.9) Total software-related revenues 66,999 62,626 4,373 7.0 Other 3 23 (20) (87.0) Total net revenue 67,002 62,649 4,353 6.9 
 Total revenue increased 4.4 million, or 6.9 , from 62.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 67.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The total increase in revenue was driven primarily by a 5.2 million increase in our Eviti SaaS revenue, partially offset by a 0.8 million decrease in NaviNet revenue. 
 The increase in SaaS revenue was primarily driven by more covered lives with one of our largest customers which contributed 4.8 million and utilization of our autoimmune product by another customer, which contributed 0.2 million. 
 We believe that significant opportunities exist for expanded cross-selling across our products and across our existing customer base, including Eviti, NaviNet, and OpenNMS customer bases. 
 Cost of Revenue (Dollars in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, Period-To-Period Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Amount Amount Amount Percentage Software-as-a-service related 21,724 21,503 221 1.0 Maintenance 2,117 1,174 943 80.3 Professional services 9 14 (5) (35.7) Amortization of developed technologies 4,988 4,988 Total software-related cost of revenue 28,838 27,679 1,159 4.2 Other 1 128 (127) (99.2) Total cost of revenue 28,839 27,807 1,032 3.7 
 
 Cost of revenue increased 1.0 million, or 3.7 , from 27.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 28.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily driven by an increase in maintenance of our SaaS solutions. 
 Other cost of revenue decreased 0.1 million primarily attributable to winding down amortization of internal-use software that was impaired in December of 2020. 
 
 - 88 - 

Selling, General and Administrative 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, Period-To-Period Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Amount Amount Amount Percentage Selling, general and administrative 62,501 52,092 10,409 20.0 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 10.4 million, or 20.0 , from 52.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 62.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to 5.3 million of additional personnel costs attributable to the migration of our information technology infrastructure to the cloud and our enterprise resource planning implementation project. Higher legal and consulting costs of 4.6 million also contributed to the overall increase. These overall increases were partially offset by reductions in marketing and compliance costs. 
 Research and Development 
 (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, Period-To-Period Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Amount Amount Amount Percentage Research and development 23,047 19,707 3,340 16.9 
 
 Research and development expenses increased 3.3 million, or 16.9 , from 19.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to higher costs attributable to cloud migration services and enterprise application services for our engineering applications. 
 Amortization of Acquisition-related Assets 
 (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, Period-To-Period Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Amount Amount Amount Percentage Amortization of acquisition-related assets 3,942 3,942 
 
 Amortization of acquisition-related assets was flat at 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Interest Expense, Net (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, Period-To-Period Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Amount Amount Amount Percentage Interest expense, net 14,119 14,481 (362) (2.5) 
 
 Interest expense, net decreased by 0.4 million, from 14.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in interest expense is due to the lower interest on the 2021 Notes compared to the 2016 Notes that matured at the end of 2021. 
 
 Refer to the section entitled "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below and Note 9 and Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of our Convertible Notes and the Nant Capital Note. 
 - 89 - 

Other Expense, Net 
 (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, Period-To-Period Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Amount Amount Amount Percentage Other expense, net 2,650 3,089 (439) (14.2) 
 
 Other expense, net decreased by 0.4 million, from 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a 0.7 million loss resulting from the exchange and prepayment of the convertible notes issued in 2016 for the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by an increase in the fair value of the Bookings Commitment liability, as a result of changes in the cost of debt due to macroeconomic factors and the passage of time. 
 
 - 90 - 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 1.8 million, compared to 29.1 million as of December 31, 2021, of which 0.1 million and 0.8 million, respectively, related to foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 As a result of continuing anticipated operating cash outflows we believe that substantial doubt exists regarding our ability to continue as a going concern without additional funding or financing. Highbridge and Nant Capital have agreed to consent to amendments to certain of our existing debt agreements in order to enhance our liquidity, and have confirmed their collective intent and ability to make additional loans to us to the extent necessary to support our operations in the manner currently conducted through May 17, 2024. Management believes that this agreement and intent alleviates such substantial doubt. Nant Capital is an affiliate of Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, our CEO. We may also seek to sell additional equity, through one or more follow-on public offerings or in separate financings, or sell additional debt securities, or obtain a credit facility. However, we may not be able to secure such financing in a timely manner or on favorable terms. We may also consider delaying our business activities and strategic initiatives, or selling off components of our business. Additionally, we continue to consider all strategic alternatives. We are undertaking a number of actions in order to improve our financial position and stabilize our results of operations including but not limited to, cost cutting, lowering capital expenditures, and implementing hiring freezes. 
 
 Related Party Notes 
 
 On October 3, 2022, we entered into an unsecured subordinated promissory note (the Airstrip Note with Airstrip Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Airstrip ), whereby AirStrip loaned 4.0 million to us. The Airstrip Note contains an 8.5 interest rate compounded annually and a maturity date of October 31, 2026. The payment of the Airstrip Note shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior Debt. 
 On November 21, 2022, we entered into an unsecured subordinated promissory note (the 2022 Nant Capital Note with Nant Capital, whereby Nant Capital loaned 7.0 million to us. The 2022 Nant Capital Note contains an interest rate equal to the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 8.5 per annum, compounded annually and a maturity date of October 31, 2026. The Nant Capital Note also contains semiannual interest payments due on April 15th and October 15th of each year, which is subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment of the full Senior Secured Term Loan Facility pursuant to the Subordination Agreement. The payment of the 2022 Nant Capital Note shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the 2021 Notes. 
 On March 2, 2023, we and the Subsidiary Guarantors, entered into the Credit Agreement with Nant Capital, an affiliate of Dr. Soon-Shiong, our CEO, and Highbridge, as the lenders, and the Agent, as administrative and collateral agent. The Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 22.5 million that was made in a single drawdown by us at closing (the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility ). 
 Concurrently with the execution of, and pursuant to, the Credit Agreement, we also entered into (1) a subordination agreement (the Subordination Agreement with Nant Capital and Airstrip (collectively, the Affiliated Lenders ), who are holders of certain affiliated debt, including the 2022 Nant Capital Note and Airstrip Note, respectively, and (2) a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement with certain entities affiliated with Highbridge and Nant Capital, who are holders of the 2021 Notes issued pursuant to the 2021 Indenture. The Subordination Agreement provides, among other things, that any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on certain subordinated debt held by the Affiliated Lenders shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment of the full Senior Secured Term Loan Facility so long as such Senior Secured Term Loan Facility is outstanding. The Letter Agreement provides that, among other things, (1) the holders of the 2021 Notes shall waive compliance with certain provisions of the 2021 Indenture, including, but not limited to, restrictions on borrowings from an affiliate lender of ours and any current or future Default or Event of Default (as each term is defined in the 2021 Indenture) pursuant to any breach of Section 4.10 of the 2021 Indenture arising from any borrowing made by the affiliated lender to the Company, each such waiver is solely in connection with the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility, (2) prohibit the holders of the 2021 Notes from exercising any right to require us to repurchase any or all of the 2021 Notes upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as defined in the 2021 Indenture) solely in connection with our common stock being delisted from the Nasdaq Global Select Market or similar securities exchange for a period beginning on the Closing Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and ending on the date that is five (5) months after the Closing Date, and (3) restricting the holders of the 2021 Notes from disposing of or otherwise transferring the 2021 Notes to any person other than an affiliate of such holder, until the approval of the Indenture Consent (as defined in the Letter Agreement). 
 - 91 - 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. See Note 17 for additional information on these Notes. 
 
 If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities or securities convertible into equity, our stockholders could experience dilution. Additional debt financing, if available, may involve us granting a security interest in some or all of our assets, covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. Any additional debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders and require significant debt service payments, which diverts resources from other activities. Additional financing may not be available at all, or in amounts or on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to consider strategic alternatives or delay the development, commercialization and marketing of our products and scale back our business and operations. 
 
 Open Market Sale Agreement 
 
 On November 12, 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement (the Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC (the Sales Agent under which we may offer and sell up to 30.0 million of shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Shares ), from time to time through the Sales Agent. The sales and issuances of the Shares under the Sale Agreement will be made pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement that was declared effective on May 6, 2021. 
 
 The Sales Agent is not required to sell any specific amount of securities, but will act as our sales agent using commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Shares from time to time, consistent with their normal trading and sales practices, applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, based upon instructions from the Company (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions the Company may impose). The Company has agreed to pay the Sales Agent a commission of 3.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of Shares pursuant to the Sale Agreement and to provide the Sales Agent with customary indemnification and contribution rights, including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Our principal material cash requirements consist of obligations under our outstanding debt obligations related to the Convertible Notes and Nant Capital Note, Bookings Commitment, and non-cancelable leases for our office space. Refer to Note 9, Note 10, Note 11, and Note 17, respectively, to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing, attain further operating efficiencies, reduce expenditures and ultimately, generate significant revenue growth. Our plans to raise additional capital, including our ability to consummate any transaction as a result of our strategic review, or take other actions to address the doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern, may not be successful. There can be no assurance that the Company would be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under acceptable terms, if at all. Refer to Risk Factors As disclosed in Note 1 of our consolidated audited financial statements, we believe that our current level of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with committed financing facilities, are not sufficient to fund ongoing operations for at least the twelve-month period after the financial statements were issued without additional funding or financing. The existence of these conditions raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for at least the twelve month period following the date the financial statements were issued. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 - 92 - 

Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth our primary sources and uses of cash for the periods indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (32,264) (27,689) Investing activities (6,471) (5,637) Financing activities 10,801 40,577 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 91 (11) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (27,843) 7,240 
 Our net cash flows from operating activities decreased 4.6 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily driven by increased net losses of 9.2 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, partially offset by increased working capital from the year ended December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 of 4.7 million. The working capital increase was primarily driven by increases in trade payables and accrued and other current liabilities, partially offset by slower growth in related party payables. 
 Our net cash flows from investing activities decreased 0.8 million primarily driven by additional investment in internally developed software and purchases of property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Our net cash flows from financing activities have decreased 29.8 million primarily due to convertible note proceeds, partially offset by payments on these notes for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 See the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional details around sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of new accounting standards. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 See Note 17 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of related party transactions. 
 - 93 - 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of our Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources is based on our Consolidated Financial Statements, which we have prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reported periods. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We consider policies relating to the following matters to be critical accounting policies: 
 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers; 
 Stock-Based Compensation; 
 Change in fair value of Bookings Commitment; 
 Income Taxes; 
 Leases; 
 Business Combinations; 
 Software Developed for Internal Use; 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets; and 
 
 For a discussion of each of our critical accounting policies, including information and analysis of estimates and assumptions involved in their application, and other significant accounting policies, see Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 Currently, we qualify as a smaller reporting company. As a smaller reporting company, we are eligible and have taken advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are not available to public reporting companies that do not qualify for this classification, including, but not limited to: 
 An opportunity for reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic and annual reports, including without limitation exemption from the requirement to provide a compensation discussion and analysis describing compensation practices and procedures, 
 An opportunity for reduced financial statement disclosure in registration statements and in annual reports on Form 10-K, which only requires two years of audited financial statements rather than the three years of audited financial statements that are required for other public companies, 
 An opportunity for reduced audit and other compliance expenses as we are not subject to the requirement to obtain an auditor s report on internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and 
 An opportunity to utilize the non-accelerated filer time-line requirements beginning with our annual report for the year ending December 31, 2021 and quarterly filings thereafter. 
 
 For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we expect that we will take advantage of both the reduced internal control audit requirements and the disclosure obligations available to us as a result of this classification. 
 
 - 94 - 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.8 million in cash and cash equivalents which were held for working capital purposes. Our cash and cash equivalents are comprised primarily of mutual funds listed on active exchanges, U.S. treasury securities, money market funds, and cash held in FDIC - insured institutions. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Primarily all our investments are denominated in U.S. dollars. If overall interest rates had decreased by 10 during the periods presented, our interest income would not have been materially affected. 
 Credit Risk 
 Our cash equivalents are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We maintain offices and bank accounts in the United Kingdom and Canada. However, due to the low volume of activity outside the United States, the foreign currency risk is minimal. The effect of a 10 adverse change in exchange rates on foreign currency denominated cash and payables as of December 31, 2022 would not have been material. However, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could harm our business in the future. 
 - 95 - 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 - 96 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 98 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 102 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 103 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 104 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 106 

- 97 - 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of NantHealth, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NantHealth, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 - 98 - 

Related party transactions Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has entered into multiple transactions with related parties, each of which are controlled by Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong. Auditing related party transactions, including assessing the sufficiency of procedures performed to identify related parties and related party transactions as well as to audit identified related party transactions involves subjective auditor judgement. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit The audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included testing the completeness and accuracy of the listing of significant related party transactions provided by management, testing the manner in which related party transactions were recorded, presented and disclosed, and performing searches for payments and other transactions with identified related parties. We also inspected questionnaires received from the Company s directors and officers, read employment and compensation contracts, proxy statements and other relevant filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory agencies that relate to the Company s financial relationships and transactions with the Company s executive officers and with other entities controlled by Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong. We confirmed related party transactions and balances with the counterparty. We made inquiries of management as well as members of the Company's audit committee regarding the completeness of the identified related party transactions and assessed the adequacy of financial statement footnote disclosure pertaining to related party transactions. 
 /s/ We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. April 14, 2023 
 
 - 99 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Related party receivables, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Related party receivable, net of current Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Related party payables, net Notes payable Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current Related party liabilities Related party promissory note Related party convertible note, net 
 Convertible notes, net 
 Deferred income taxes, net Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 14) Stockholders' deficit Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (1) 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated income (deficit) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total stockholders' equity (deficit) ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 100 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Software-as-a-service related Maintenance Professional services Total software-related revenue Other Total net revenue Cost of Revenue Software-as-a-service related Maintenance Professional services Amortization of developed technologies Total software-related cost of revenue Other Total cost of revenue Gross Profit Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative Research and development Amortization of acquisition-related assets Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) Other expense, net ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) (Provision for) benefit from income taxes ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax, attributable to NantHealth Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to NantHealth ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to NantHealth: Continuing operations - common stock 
 Total net income (loss) per share - common stock Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted - common stock (1) 
 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 101 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to NantHealth ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 102 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total NantHealth Stockholders' Deficit Noncontrolling interests Total Stockholders' Deficit Shares (1) 
 Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Modified retrospective adjustment on adoption of ASU 2020-06 (Note 2) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes 
 Stock issued on Exchange of 2016 Notes Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 103 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing offering cost Change in fair value of derivatives liability ) Change in fair value of Bookings Commitment Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes, net ) ) Provision for bad debt expense Loss on Exchange and Prepayment of 2016 Notes Impairment of ROU asset Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable, net ) ) Related party receivables, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other current liabilities Deferred revenue ) Related party payables, net Change in operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment, including internal-use software ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from insurance promissory note 
 Repayments of insurance promissory note and notes payable ) ) Proceeds from exercises of stock options Payment of deferred financing costs, related party ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) Proceeds from related party convertible notes Proceeds from convertible notes Payment of convertible notes ) Proceeds from related party notes Net cash provided by (used) in financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period (1) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period (1) 
 
 (1) , , and at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively 
 - 104 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 
 Income taxes paid Interest paid Noncash transactions: Purchases of property and equipment, including internal-use software Common stock issued in Exchange for 2016 Notes 
 Restricted cash is included in the financial statement line items noted below at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Financial statement line item 2022 2021 Other current assets Other assets Total restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 105 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 1. 

The Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of and an accumulated deficit of . The Company had a net loss of and used cash of for operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. In accordance with Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management is required to perform a two-step analysis over the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management must first evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months from the date the financial statements are issued. If management concludes that substantial doubt is raised, management is also required to consider whether its plans alleviate that doubt. 
 
 As a result of continuing anticipated operating cash outflows the Company believes that substantial doubt exists regarding our ability to continue as a going concern without additional funding or financing. Highbridge Capital Management, LLC and its affiliates Highbridge and Nant Capital, LLC Nant Capital have agreed to consent to amendments to certain of our existing debt agreements in order to enhance our liquidity, and have confirmed their collective intent and ability to make additional loans to us to the extent necessary to support our operations in the manner currently conducted through May 17, 2024. Management believes that this agreement and intent alleviates such substantial doubt. Nant Capital is an affiliate of Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, our CEO. The Company may also seek to sell additional equity, through one or more follow-on public offerings or in separate financings, or sell additional debt securities, or obtain a credit facility. However, the Company may not be able to secure such financing in a timely manner or on favorable terms. The Company may also consider selling off components of its business. Without additional funds, the Company may choose to delay or reduce its operating or investment expenditures. Further, because of the risk and uncertainties associated with the commercialization of the Company's existing products as well as products in development, the Company may need additional funds to meet its needs sooner than planned. To date, the Company's primary sources of capital have been the private placement of membership interests prior to its IPO, debt financing agreements, including promissory notes with Nant Capital and affiliates, convertible notes, the sale of its common stock, and proceeds from the sale of components of its business. 
 
 - 106 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

in connection with the reverse stock split. All historical per share data, number of shares outstanding and other common stock equivalents for the periods presented in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively, where applicable, to reflect the reverse stock split. 
 
 Note 2. 
 reportable segment. 
 - 107 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

- 108 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

- 109 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

(see Note 13 and Note 15). 
 
 If the discount rate applied was lower at December 31, 2022, the fair value of the liability would increase by . 
 
 - 110 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

- 111 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

- 112 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Concentrations of Risk 
 (1) (1) Year Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 
 (1) Amounts less than 10 are not disclosed. 
 commencing when the software project is ready for its intended use. Internal-use software is tested for impairment where assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 - 113 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

and , respectively, on January 1, 2021. Under the new guidance, the Company will record less noncash interest expense going forward as the cash conversion model that was previously applied is now eliminated. 
 Upcoming Accounting Standard Pronouncements 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which changes how companies measure credit losses on most financial instruments measured at amortized cost, such as loans, receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. Rather than generally recognizing credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred, the revised guidance requires companies to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that the Company expects to collect over the instrument's contractual life. ASU No. 2016-13 is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2022 and must be adopted as a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is still evaluating the effects of this ASU. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force), the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the SEC did not have, nor are believed by management to have, a material impact on the Company's present or future Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 114 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 3. 
 and recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that were included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period. 
 Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer 
 The Company recognizes an asset for the incremental costs to obtain a contract with a customer, where the stated contract term, with expected renewals, is longer than one year. The Company amortizes these assets over the expected period of benefit. These costs are generally employee sales commissions, with amortization of the balance recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. The value of these assets was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and amortization during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 Where management is not able to conclude that the costs of a contract will be recovered, costs to obtain the contract are expensed as incurred. 
 Performance Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has allocated a total transaction price of to unfulfilled performance obligations that are Excluded from this amount are contracts of less than one year and variable consideration that relates to the value of services provided. 
 
 Note 4. 
 
 ) Year ended December 31, 2021 ) 

Note 5. 
 Restricted cash Securities litigation insurance receivable Other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 115 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Accrued liabilities Booking Commitment (see Note 10) 
 Securities litigation and cyber estimated liability Interest payable Operating lease liabilities Other accrued and other current liabilities Accrued and other current liabilities 
 
 Note 6. 
 - 
 Furniture and equipment - 
 Leasehold and building improvements (1) 
 Property, plant, and equipment, excluding internal-use software Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, excluding internal-use software, net Internal-use software 
 Construction in progress - Internal-use software Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization - internal-use software ) ) Internal-use software, net Property, plant and equipment, net 
 (1) Useful lives for leasehold and building improvements represent the term of the lease or the estimated life of the related improvements, whichever is shorter. 
 
 Depreciation expense from continuing operations was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which and , respectively, related to internal-use software costs. 
 
 Amounts capitalized to internal-use software related to continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 
 Note 7. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 - 116 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 
 Amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is provided over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis or the pattern in which economic benefits are consumed, if reliably determinable. The Company reviews its definite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Amortization expense from continuing operations was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future intangible amortization expense 
 
 Note 8. 
 . The Company's single reporting unit had a negative carrying value therefore the Company did record any goodwill impairments in either 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Note 9. 
 Convertible Senior Notes ("2016 Notes") 
 In December 2016, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Jefferies LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers named therein (collectively, the Initial Purchasers ), to issue and sell in aggregate principal amount of its senior convertible notes due 2021 ("2016 Notes") in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. In December 2016, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the Cambridge Purchase Agreement with Cambridge, an entity affiliated with Dr. Soon-Shiong, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to issue and sell in aggregate principal amount of the 2016 Notes in a private placement pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In December 2016, pursuant to the exercise of the overallotment by the Initial Purchasers, the Company issued an additional principal amount of the 2016 Notes. The total net proceeds from this offering were approximately , comprised of from Cambridge and from the Initial Purchasers, after deducting the Initial Purchasers discount and debt issuance costs of in connection with the Convertible Notes offering. The interest rate on the 2016 Notes was fixed at per year, payable semi-annually on June 15th and December 15th of each year, beginning on June 15, 2017. The 2016 Notes matured on December 15, 2021. 
 The Company adopted ASU No. 2020-06 on January 1, 2021 through a modified retrospective method of transition, which eliminated the separation model for convertible debt with a cash conversion feature, resulting in less noncash interest expense going forward (see Note 2). The cumulative effect of the adoption on January 1, 2021 was a decrease of to unamortized debt discount and deferred financing offering costs. The debt discounts and deferred financing offering costs on the 2016 Notes were amortized to interest expense over the contractual terms of the 2016 Notes, using the effective interest method at an effective interest rate of . 
 - 117 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

principal amount of its in existing 2016 Notes and with Cambridge to exchange principal amount of its in existing 2016 Notes for shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to an exchange agreement dated as of April 13, 2021 (the Exchange Agreement ). 
 On April 13, 2021, in connection with the Exchange Agreement, the Company paid Cambridge for accrued and unpaid interest and issued shares of the Company s common stock at per share, representing the closing price of the Company s common stock on April 13, 2021. The Company recorded a loss on exchange of the 2016 Notes with Cambridge and a decrease to unamortized debt discount and deferred financing offering costs of . 
 
 On April 14, 2021, in connection with the Exchange Agreement, the Company paid Highbridge for accrued and unpaid interest and issued shares of the Company s common stock at per share, representing the closing price of the Company s common stock on April 14, 2021. The Company recorded a loss on exchange of the 2016 Notes with Highbridge and a decrease to unamortized debt discount and deferred financing offering costs of . 
 
 On December 15, 2021, the Company paid the remaining outstanding principal balance of the 2016 Notes of plus accrued interest through that date. 
 
 2021 Convertible Senior Notes ("2021 Notes") 
 
 On April 13, 2021, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, NaviNet (the "Guarantor") entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement with Highbridge and certain other buyers, including Nant Capital to issue and sell in aggregate principal amount of its convertible senior notes in a private placement pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The 2021 Notes were issued on April 27, 2021. The total net proceeds from this offering were approximately , comprised of from Nant Capital and from Highbridge, after deducting the Highbridge s debt issuance costs of and in debt issuance costs paid to third parties in connection with the 2021 Notes offering. 
 
 The Company used part of the proceeds from the 2021 Notes issuance to repurchase the remaining of principal amount of the 2016 Notes held by Highbridge Repurchased Notes and pay of accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss on repurchase of the 2016 Notes with Highbridge and a decrease to unamortized debt discount and deferred financing offering costs of . 
 
 On April 27, 2021, in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, the Company provided a notice of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Company's 2016 Notes) and an offer to repurchase all the outstanding 2016 Notes. On May 25, 2021, the Company purchased of the outstanding 2016 Notes ("Fundamental Change Repurchase") and paid of accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Company recorded a loss on repurchase of the 2016 Notes with other investors and a decrease to unamortized debt discount and deferred financing offering costs of . 
 
 On April 27, 2021, the 2021 Notes were issued to the investors under an indenture (the 2021 Indenture dated April 27, 2021 entered into between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ). 
 
 The interest rates are fixed at per year, payable semi-annually on October 15th and April 15th of each year, beginning on October 15, 2021. The 2021 Notes will mature on April 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased by the Company or converted pursuant to their terms. 
 
 The deferred financing offering costs on the 2021 Notes are being amortized to interest expense over the contractual terms of the 2021 Notes, using the effective interest method at an effective interest rate of . 
 
 The conversion rate of the 2021 Notes is shares of common stock per 1 principal amount of 2021 Notes (which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share). The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Indenture but will not be adjusted for accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 Holders of the 2021 Notes may convert all or a portion of their 2021 Notes, in multiples of 1 principal amount, at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, the 2021 Notes will be settled in cash, shares of the Company's common stock or any combination thereof at the Company's option. As of December 31, 2022 the remaining life of the 2021 Notes is approximately months. 
 
 - 118 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2021 Notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid special interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the 2021 Notes, which means that the Company is not required to redeem or retire the 2021 Notes periodically. If the Company exercises this option to redeem the 2021 Notes owned by Highbridge and Highbridge is unable to convert such 2021 Notes as a result of the application of the beneficial ownership limitations, at the request of Highbridge, the Company shall convert such 2021 Notes into the number of shares of the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares that the 2021 Notes are convertible into pursuant to the Conversion Option (as defined in the 2021 Indenture) into common stock. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the 2021 Indenture), holders may require the Company to purchase all or a portion of the 2021 Notes in principal amounts of 1 or an integral multiple thereof, for cash at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2021 Notes to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change purchase date. 
 
 For so long as at least principal amount of the 2021 Notes are outstanding, the 2021 Indenture restricts the Company or any of its subsidiaries from creating, assuming, or incurring any indebtedness owing to any of the Company's affiliates (other than intercompany indebtedness between the Company and its subsidiaries and other than any of the Company's 2021 Notes), or prepaying any such indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions, unless certain conditions described in the 2021 Indenture have been satisfied. Under the 2021 Indenture, the Company may incur affiliate debt if there is (i) no default or event of default at the time of such incurrence or would occur as a consequence of such incurrence; (ii) such affiliate debt is unsecured and subordinated to the 2021 Notes; and (iii) no principal of such affiliate debt is scheduled to mature earlier than the date that is days after April 15, 2026, the maturity date of the 2021 Notes. 
 
 See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies for default provisions. 
 
 Unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing offering costs ) ) ) Net carrying amount 2021 Notes: Balance as of December 31, 2021 Gross proceeds Unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing offering costs ) ) ) Net carrying amount 
 
 - 119 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Amortization of debt discounts Amortization of deferred financing offering costs Total convertible notes interest expense 

Note 10. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Total 
 fair value 
 Quoted price in active markets for identical assets 
 (Level 1) 
 Significant other observable inputs 
 (Level 2) 
 Significant unobservable inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 Liabilities Bookings Commitment 
 
 The Company s intangible assets and goodwill are initially measured at fair value and any subsequent adjustment to the initial fair value occurs only if an impairment charge is recognized. 
 Level 2 and 3 Inputs 
 Bookings Commitment 
 On August 3, 2017, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the APA with Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. Allscripts ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to Allscripts substantially all of the assets of the Company s provider/patient engagement solutions business, including the Company s FusionFX solution and components of its NantOS software connectivity solutions (the Business ). On August 25, 2017, the Company and Allscripts completed the sale of the Business (the "Disposition") pursuant to the APA. 
 
 - 120 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

of total bookings over a period Bookings Commitment from referral transactions and sales of certain Allscripts products; (b) the Company and Allscripts each licensed certain intellectual property to the other party pursuant to a cross license agreement; (c) the Company agreed to provide certain transition services to Allscripts pursuant to a transition services agreement; and (d) the Company licensed certain software and agreed to sell certain hardware to Allscripts pursuant to a software license and supply agreement. The Company also agreed that Allscripts shall receive at least per year in payments from bookings (the Annual Minimum Commitment ). If the total payments received by Allscripts from bookings during such period are less than the Annual Minimum Commitment, the Company shall pay to Allscripts the difference between the Annual Minimum Commitment and the total amount received by Allscripts from bookings during such period. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the accrued Annual Minimum Commitment was and , respectively. In the event of a Bookings Commitment shortfall at the end of the period, the Company may be obligated to pay of the shortfall, subject to certain credits. The Company will earn commission from Allscripts on each software referral transaction that results in a booking with Allscripts. The Company accounts for the Bookings Commitment at its estimated fair value over the life of the agreement. 
 
 The Company values the Bookings Commitment, assumed upon the disposal of the provider/patient engagement solutions business, using a Monte Carlo Simulation model to calculate average payments due under the Bookings Commitment, based on management's estimate of its performance in securing bookings and resulting annual payments, discounted at the cost of debt based on a yield curve. The cost of debt used for discounting was between and at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. The change in fair value is recorded within other expense, net in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The fair value of the Bookings Commitment is dependent on management's estimate of the probability of success on individual opportunities and the cost of debt applied in discounting the liability. The higher the probability of success on each opportunity, the lower the fair value of the Bookings Commitment liability. The lower the cost of debt applied, the higher the value of the liability. 
 Convertible Note derivative liability 
 
 In December 2016, the Company issued in aggregate principal amount of 2016 Notes due December 15, 2021, of which issued to a related party (see Note 9). The 2016 Notes include an interest make-whole feature whereby if a note holder converts any of the Convertible Notes after the last date of original issuance of the 2016 Notes, they are entitled, in addition to the other consideration payable or deliverable in connection with such conversion, to an interest make-whole payment equal to the sum of the present values of the scheduled payments, computed using a discount rate equal to , of interest that would have been made on the 2016 Notes to be converted had such 2016 Notes remained outstanding from the conversion date through the earlier of (i) the date that is after the conversion date and (ii) the maturity date if the 2016 Notes had not been so converted. The Company may pay any interest make-whole payment either in cash or in shares of its common stock, at the Company s election as described in the Indenture. The Company has determined that this feature is an embedded derivative. 
 
 The fair value of the derivative liability includes the estimated volatility and risk-free rate. The higher/lower the estimated volatility, the higher/lower the value of the liability. The higher/lower the risk-free interest rate, the higher/lower the value of the liability. As of December 15, 2021, the 2016 Notes were fully repaid. 
 
 The fair market value for level 3 securities may be highly sensitive to the use of unobservable inputs and subjective assumptions. Generally, changes in significant unobservable inputs may result in significantly lower or higher fair value measurements. 
 - 121 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

) ) 
 December 31, 2020 Transfers in (out) (1) 
 Change in fair value recognized in earnings December 31, 2021 Liabilities Interest make-whole derivative - related party and others ) Bookings Commitment ) ) 
 (1) Transfers out of the Bookings Commitment fair value liability relates to the Annual Minimum Commitment, which was recorded in accrued and other current liabilities. 
 Fair Value of Convertible Notes held at amortized cost 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value and carrying value of the Company's convertible notes were: 
 
 Fair value Carrying value Face value 2021 Notes Balance as of December 31, 2022 Related party Others 

Fair value Carrying value Face value 2021 Notes Balance as of December 31, 2021 Related party Others 

The fair value of the 2021 Notes was determined by using unobservable inputs that are supported by minimal non-active market activity and that are significant to determining the fair value of the debt instrument. The fair value is level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 - 122 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 11. 
 year to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within year. Options to extend are included in the lease term where the Company is reasonably certain to exercise the options. Variable payments on the Company's leases are expensed as incurred, as they do not depend on an index or rate. The Company concluded certain leases for data centers had a term of less than 1 year at inception, as arrangements are only renewed following marketplace assessments and negotiations with vendors. 
 
 The Company's leases do not indicate the rate implicit in the lease. As such, the Company has used its incremental borrowing rate, determined based on market indications of the rate at which the Company could borrow, adjusted for the term, value and payment schedule of individual leases, at the effective date for ASC 842 or at the lease commencement date for leases entered into after January 1, 2019. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company entered into a sublease for percent of our Boston office space which commenced in October 2022. The Company recorded an ROU asset impairment charge in the third quarter of 2022 of , which was the amount by which the carrying value of the ROU asset allocated to the sublease exceeded the fair value. The Company estimated the fair value of the ROU asset using an income approach based on the net present value of the sublease rental income during the sublease term. The ROU asset impairment charge is included in other income (expense), net. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 
 Other information regarding the Company's leases: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating cash flows for operating leases ) ) Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no finance leases. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lives of the Company's operating leases ranged from one to . 
 
 - 123 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total As reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Accrued and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities 
 
 Note 12. 
 demand promissory note in favor of Nant Capital to fund the acquisition of NaviNet (see Note 17). On May 9, 2016 and December 16, 2016, the Nant Capital Note was amended and restated to provide that all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on June 30, 2021, and not on demand. On April 27, 2021, in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note which amends and restates its promissory note, dated January 4, 2016, as amended on May 9, 2016, and on December 16, 2016, between the Company and Nant Capital, to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the promissory note to October 1, 2026 and to subordinate the promissory note in right of payment to the 2021 Notes (see Note 9). 
 Indenture Obligations Under 2016 and 2021 Notes 
 On December 21, 2016, the Company entered into the Indenture relating to the issuance of the 2016 Notes, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association the Trustee. The interest rates are fixed at per year, payable semi-annually on June 15th and December 15th of each year, beginning on June 15, 2017. The 2016 Notes matured on December 15, 2021 and were fully repaid (see Note 9). 
 
 On April 27, 2021, the Company and the Guarantor entered into an indenture (the 2021 Indenture by and among NantHealth, the Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), pursuant to which the Company issued the 2021 Notes. The 2021 Notes will bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on October 15, 2021. The 2021 Notes will mature on April 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. 
 
 The following events are considered events of default with respect to the 2021 Notes, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 2021 Notes: 
 
 (1) the Company defaults in any payment of interest on the 2021 Notes when due and payable and the default continues for a period of days; 
 
 (2) the Company defaults in the payment of principal on the 2021 Notes when due and payable at the stated maturity, upon redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; 
 
 - 124 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

days after written notice from the Trustee or the holders of at least in principal amount of the 2021 Notes then outstanding has been received; 
 
 (7) default by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in the 2021 Indenture) with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any such indebtedness when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), such default is not rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, such acceleration is not rescinded or such indebtedness is not discharged, as the case may be, within days after notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by holders of at least in aggregate principal amount of 2021 Notes then outstanding in accordance with the 2021 Indenture; or 
 
 (8) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in the 2021 Indenture). 
 
 If such an event of default, other than an event of default described in clause (8) above with respect to the Company, occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least in principal amount of the outstanding 2021 Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such holders shall, declare of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all the 2021 Notes to be due and payable. In case of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the Company, of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the 2021 Notes will automatically become due and payable. Upon such a declaration of acceleration, such principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the 2021 Notes, if any, will be due and payable immediately. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 The Company is subject to regulatory oversight by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory authorities with respect to the development, manufacturing, and sale of some of the solutions. In addition, the Company is subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and related patient confidentiality laws and regulations with respect to patient information. The Company reviews the applicable laws and regulations regarding effects of such laws and regulations on its operations on an on-going basis and modifies operations as appropriate. The Company believes it is in substantial compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could have a significant adverse effect on the Company s business and operations. 
 Legal Matters 
 The Company is, from time to time, subject to claims and litigation that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Except as discussed below, in the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of proceedings of which management is aware, even if adverse to the Company, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the Company because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

- 125 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

putative shareholder derivative actions, captioned Engleman v. Soon-Shiong, Case No. 2018-0282, and Petersen v. Soon-Shiong, Case No. 2018-0302 were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The plaintiff in the Engleman action previously filed a similar complaint in California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, which was dismissed based on a provision in the Company s charter requiring derivative actions to be brought in Delaware. The Engleman and Petersen complaints contain allegations similar to those in the Deora action but asserted causes of action on behalf of NantHealth against various of the Company s current or former executive officers and directors for alleged breaches of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, and unjust enrichment. The Company is named solely as a nominal defendant. In July 2018, the court issued an order consolidating the Engleman and Petersen actions as In re NantHealth, Inc. Stockholder Litigation, Lead C.A. No. 2018-0302, appointing Petersen as lead plaintiff, and designating the Petersen complaint as the operative complaint. On September 20, 2018, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. In October 2018, in response to the motion to dismiss, Petersen filed an amended complaint. In November 2018, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint, which asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets (which Petersen subsequently withdrew), and unjust enrichment. On January 14, 2020, the court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the defendants motion to dismiss. The court dismissed all claims except one claim against Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong for breach of fiduciary duty. Dr. Soon-Shiong and the Company filed answers to the amended complaint on March 30, 2020. On June 29, 2021, the Court granted the Unopposed Motion to Substitute Lead Plaintiff, following Plaintiff Petersen s sale of his NantHealth stock, and appointed Engleman as Lead Plaintiff. On September 26, 2022, the parties filed with the Court a Stipulation for Compromise and Settlement to resolve the consolidated action in exchange for (i) the payment of , to be funded by the Company's insurance carriers, to offset the Company s contribution to the settlement of the Deora action, and (ii) agreeing to implement certain corporate governance reforms. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay an award of attorneys fees and expenses to counsel for Lead Plaintiff in an amount of , to be funded by the Company's insurance carriers. The Court approved the settlement on January 10, 2023 and, as a result, the consolidated derivative action was dismissed. The Company is required to implement the settlement s corporate governance reforms within 60 days following the approval. The settlement payment was received in January 2023. 
 Insurance 
 We purchase property, business interruption and related insurance coverage to mitigate the financial impact of catastrophic events or perils that is subject to deductible provisions based on the terms of the policies. These policies are on an occurrence basis. 
 
 In addition, we also purchase cyber liability insurance from third parties. In August 2022, the Company became aware of unauthorized activity in a customer s account, which involved fraudulent redirections of payments, unauthorized access to certain protected health information, and caused us to incur costs to respond to the incident. The Company took immediate steps to contain the incident and enhanced its security measures to prevent any further unauthorized access. The Company also retained forensic information technology firms and legal counsel to investigate the incident. Approximately in legal and professional fees have been incurred as part of our response and investigation into this incident and these costs are included in accrued and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 While the investigation is ongoing, the Company cannot be certain of the magnitude of a particular outcome, but recorded an estimated liability of for possible claims tied to this incident, which is included in accrued and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022. There is a reasonable possibility of losses in excess of the amount accrued although the amount of such reasonably possible losses cannot be determined and the Company believes it would have the ability to recover any such losses from its insurance coverage. 
 
 The Company has reflected its right to insurance recoveries, limited to the extent of incurred or probable losses, as a receivable when such recoveries have been agreed to with the Company s third-party insurers and receipt is deemed probable. This includes instances where the Company s third-party insurers have agreed to pay, on the Company s behalf, certain legal defense costs and settlement amounts directly to applicable law firms and a settlement fund. The amount of such receivable related to the securities litigation recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 - 126 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 13.) ) Foreign income before taxes Loss before income taxes ) ) 
 
 State Foreign Total current provision Deferred: 
 Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) Less: (Benefit from) provision for income taxes from discontinued operations, net Provision for (benefit from) income taxes from continuing operations, net ) 
 
 Items affecting federal income tax rate: State tax, net of federal benefit Valuation allowance 
 ) ) R D credit NOL expiration ) ) State differential Other adjustments 
 Effective income tax rate ) 
 
 On June 29, 2020, the state of California enacted Assembly Bill No. 85 ("AB 85") suspending California net operating loss utilization and imposing a cap on the amount of business incentive tax credits companies can utilize, effective for tax years 2020, 2021 and 2022. There was no material impact from the provisions of AB 85 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an immaterial amount of unremitted earnings related to certain foreign subsidiaries. The Company intends to continue to reinvest its foreign earnings indefinitely and does not expect to incur any significant taxes related to such amounts. 
 - 127 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

163(j) interest limitation Deferred revenue Allowance for doubtful accounts Property, plant and equipment, net Intangibles Section 174 capitalized R D Investments Stock-based compensation Operating lease liabilities Research and development tax credits Net operating loss carryforwards Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: State taxes ) ) Intangible assets, net ) ) Convertible notes Deferred costs to obtain a customer contract ) ) Capitalized labor costs ) ) Other ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Deferred income taxes, net ) ) 
 
 The realization of deferred income tax assets may be dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient income in future years in the associated jurisdiction to which the deferred tax assets relate. The Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and recent financial performance. Based on the review of all positive and negative evidence, including a cumulative pre-tax loss, the Company concluded that except for the deferred tax liability recorded on amortization of certain goodwill due to its indefinite life and deferred tax liability in excess of deferred tax asset for certain separate state and city jurisdictions, it should record a full valuation allowance against all other net deferred income tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 as none of these deferred income tax assets were more likely than not to be realized as of the balance sheet dates. However, the amount of the deferred income tax assets considered realizable may be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present. Based on the level of historical operating results the Company has recorded a valuation allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were increases of and , respectively, which were mainly driven by losses from which the Company cannot benefit. The portion of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which subsequently recognized tax benefits will be credited directly to contributed capital is . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state NOL carryforwards of and , respectively, available to offset taxable income in tax year 2023 and thereafter. Of the in Federal NOL carryforwards, can be carried forward indefinitely and the remaining NOL carryforwards start to expire in 2023. Of the in state NOL carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely and the remaining start to expire in 2023. 
 
 - 128 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

. The Federal research tax credit carryforwards expire beginning in 2037. 
 
 The Company is no longer subject to income tax examination by the U.S. federal, state or local tax authorities for years ended December 31, 2017 or prior; however, its tax attributes, such as NOL carryforwards and tax credits, are still subject to examination in the year they are used. 
 
 Federal and state laws impose restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards in the event of a change in ownership of the Company as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and 383. The Company experienced an ownership change in the past that impacts the availability of its net operating losses and tax credits. The amounts indicated in the above tables reflect the reduction of net operating losses and credit carryforwards as a result of previous ownership changes that the Company experienced. Should there be additional ownership changes in the future, the Company's ability to utilize existing carryforwards could be substantially restricted. 
 
 Increases related to prior year tax positions taken during the current year Increases related to current year tax positions taken during the current year Unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The Company records a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained with the taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. The Company records a reduction to deferred tax assets for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions as discrete tax adjustments in the first period that the more-likely-than-not threshold is not met. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded unrecognized tax benefits of and , respectively related to Federal Research and Development tax credits recognized in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The reversal of the uncertain tax benefits would not affect the effective tax rate to the extent that the Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. The Company does not anticipate any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. The Company has not incurred any material interest or penalties as of the current reporting period with respect to income tax matters. 
 
 The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no material interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits recorded in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any changes to unrecognized tax benefits recorded as of December 31, 2022 that are reasonably possible to occur within the next 12 months are not expected to be material. 

Note 14. 
 shares of common stock, with a par value of per share, and shares of undesignated preferred stock, with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of its stockholders. Holders of the Company s common stock have no cumulative voting rights. Further, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, holders of the Company s common stock have no preemptive, conversion, redemption or subscription rights and there are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the Company s common stock. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 - 129 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

principal of the 2016 Notes with each party, respectively), for and common shares, respectively (See Note 9). 
 
 par value per share, offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that was declared effective on May 6, 2021. In accordance with the terms of the Sale Agreement, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to from time to time through Jefferies acting as our agent. 

Note 15. 
 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total stock options stock-based compensation expense Restricted stock units: Selling, general and administrative Total restricted stock units stock-based compensation expense Related party share based payments Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total related party stock-based compensation expense Total stock-based compensation expense Amount capitalized to internal-use software Total stock-based compensation cost 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In May and June of 2016, the Company s Board of Directors adopted and the Company s stockholders approved the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2016 Plan in connection with the Company s IPO. The 2016 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units and performance shares to employees, directors and consultants. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2016 Plan. There are shares available to be issued under the 2016 plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 - 130 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

to years. Stock options expire from the date of grant. Because we do not have a history of stock option awards to provide a reliable basis for estimating the expected term the expected term is determined using the "simplified method", whereby the expected term equals the arithmetic average of the vesting terms and the original contractual term of the option . The Company has utilized the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ Composite Index on the date of grant. 
 
 Expected term to exercise from grant date years years Risk-free rate Expected dividend yield Weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of options 
 years Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Stock options outstanding - December 31, 2021 years Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Stock options outstanding - December 31, 2022 years Stock options exercisable - December 31, 2022 years 
 As of December 31, 2022, the number, weighted-average exercise price, weighted-average remaining contractual term, and aggregate intrinsic value of the Company's aggregate stock options that either had vested or are expected to vest approximate the corresponding amounts for stock options outstanding. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 - 131 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

to years. The Company intends to settle all vested restricted stock unit payments held by United States-based participants in shares of the Company s common stock and classifies these awards as equity awards in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Awards held by participants who are based outside of the United States will be settled in cash and are classified within accrued and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock units outstanding - December 31, 2021 Vested ) Unvested restricted stock units outstanding - December 31, 2022 Vested and unvested restricted stock units outstanding - December 31, 2022 
 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units was at December 31, 2022, which is expected to be recognized as expense over the weighted-average period of years. 
 
 The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares, respectively, of common stock to participants of the 2016 Plan based in the United States, after withholding approximately and shares, respectively, to satisfy tax withholding obligations. The Company made a cash payment of and to cover employee withholding taxes upon the settlement of these vested restricted stock units during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 - 132 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 16.) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to NantHealth ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax, attributable to NantHealth Net income (loss) for basic and diluted net loss per share ) ) Weighted-average shares for basic net income (loss) per share Effect of dilutive securities Weighted-average shares for dilutive net income (loss) per share Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to NantHealth: Continuing operations - common stock Total net income (loss) per share - common stock 
 
 Unvested restricted stock units Convertible notes 

Note 17. 
 and income of , respectively, in selling, general and administrative expenses for services provided to the Company by NantWorks and affiliates, net of services provided to NantWorks and affiliates. 
 - 133 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

in aggregate principal amount of its 2021 Notes (see Note 9). The accrued and unpaid interest on the 2021 Notes held by Nant Capital was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, respectively, and was included as part of current related party payables, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Related Party Receivables and Payables 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had related party receivables, net of related party payables, of and , respectively, primarily consisting of a receivable from Ziosoft KK of and , respectively, which was related to the sale of Qi Imaging. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had related party payables, net of related party receivables, and related party liabilities of and , respectively, which primarily relate to interest payable on the promissory note in favor of Nant Capital and amounts owed to NantWorks pursuant to the Shared Services Agreement. The balance of the related party receivables and payables represent amounts paid by affiliates on behalf of the Company or vice versa. 
 Amended Reseller Agreement 
 On June 19, 2015, the Company entered into a five and a half year exclusive Reseller Agreement with NantOmics for sequencing and bioinformatics services (the "Original Reseller Agreement"). NantOmics is a majority owned subsidiary of NantWorks and is controlled by the Company's Chairman and CEO. On May 9, 2016, the Company and NantOmics executed an Amended and Restated Reseller Agreement (the Amended Reseller Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company received the worldwide, exclusive right to resell NantOmics quantitative proteomic analysis services, as well as related consulting and other professional services, to institutional customers (including insurers and self-insured healthcare providers) throughout the world. The Company retained its existing rights to resell NantOmics molecular analysis and bioinformatics services. Under the Amended Reseller Agreement, the Company is responsible for various aspects of delivering its sequencing and molecular analysis solutions, including patient engagement and communications with providers such as providing interpretations of the reports delivered to the physicians and resolving any disputes, ensuring customer satisfaction, and managing billing and collections. On September 20, 2016, the Company and NantOmics further amended the Amended Reseller Agreement (the "Second Amended Reseller Agreement"). The Second Amended Reseller Agreement permits the Company to use vendors other than NantOmics to provide any or all of the services that are currently being provided by NantOmics and clarifies that the Company is responsible for order fulfillment and branding. 
 
 The Second Amended Reseller Agreement grants to the Company the right to renew the agreement (with exclusivity) for up to renewal terms, each lasting , if the Company achieves projected volume thresholds, as follows: (i) the first renewal option can be exercised if the Company completes at least tests between June 19, 2015 and June 30, 2020; (ii) the second renewal option can be exercised if the Company completes at least tests between July 1, 2020 and June 30, 2023; and (iii) the third renewal option can be exercised if the Company completes at least tests between July 1, 2023 and June 30, 2026. If the Company does not meet the applicable volume threshold during the initial term or the first or second exclusive renewal terms, the Company can renew for a single additional term, but only on a non-exclusive basis. 
 
 The Company paid NantOmics noncancellable annual minimum fees of per year for each of the calendar years from 2016 through 2020 and, subject to the Company exercising at least of its renewal options described above. The Company was also required to pay annual minimum fees from 2021 through 2029. These annual minimum fees are no longer applicable with the execution of Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended Reseller Agreement. 
 
 On December 18, 2017, the Company and NantOmics executed Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended Reseller Agreement. The Second Amended Reseller Agreement was amended to allow fee adjustments with respect to services completed by NantOmics between the amendment effective date of October 1, 2017 to June 30, 2018. 
 
 On April 23, 2019, the Company and NantOmics executed Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended Reseller Agreement. The Second Amended Reseller Agreement was amended to set a fixed fee with respect to services completed by NantOmics between the amendment effective date and the end of the Initial Term, December 31, 2020. 
 On December 31, 2020, the Company and NantOmics executed Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended Reseller Agreement to automatically renew at the end of December 2020 for a non-exclusive renewal term and to waive the annual minimum fee for the 2020 calendar year and calendar years 2021 through 2023. 
 - 134 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

outstanding related party payables under the Second Amended Reseller Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, direct costs of were recorded as cost of revenue related to the Second Amended Reseller Agreement. 
 Cambridge Purchase Agreement 
 On December 15, 2016, the Company entered into the Cambridge Purchase Agreement with Cambridge, an entity affiliated with the Company's Chairman and CEO, Dr. Soon-Shiong, to issue and sell in aggregate principal amount of the 2016 Notes in a private placement pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Cambridge Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions (see Note 9). 
 On April 13, 2021, NantHealth entered into a transaction as part of the Exchange Agreement with Cambridge to exchange principal amount of its in existing 2016 Notes for shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 9). On December 15, 2021, the Company paid the remaining principal and accrued interest of . 
 Related Party Promissory Notes 
 In January 2016, the Company executed a demand promissory note with Nant Capital (the "Nant Capital Note"), a personal investment vehicle for Dr. Soon-Shiong, our Chairman and CEO. As of December 31, 2022, the total advances made by Nant Capital to the Company pursuant to the note was approximately . On May 9, 2016, the Nant Capital Note was amended and restated to provide that all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on June 30, 2021, and not on demand. On December 15, 2016, in connection with the offering of the 2016 Notes, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note which amended and restated the Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated May 9, 2016, between NantHealth and Nant Capital, to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the Nant Capital Note to June 15, 2022 and to subordinate the Nant Capital Note in right of payment to the 2016 Notes. The Nant Capital Note bears interest at a per annum rate of compounded annually and computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the year. When a repayment is made, Nant Capital has the option, but not the obligation, to require NantHealth to repay any such amount in cash, Series A-2 units of NantOmics (based on a per unit price of held by the Company, shares of its common stock based on a per share price of (if such equity exists at the time of repayment), or any combination of the foregoing at the sole discretion of Nant Capital. On April 27, 2021, in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, the Company entered into a Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note which amends and restates its promissory note, dated January 4, 2016, as amended on May 9, 2016, and on December 16, 2016, between NantHealth and Nant Capital, to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the promissory note to October 1, 2026 and to subordinate the promissory note in right of payment to the 2021 Notes. 
 On March 3, 2017, NantHealth Labs (formerly Liquid Genomics, Inc.), executed a promissory note with NantWorks. The principal amount of the advance made by NantWorks totaled as of December 31, 2022. On June 30, 2017, the promissory note was amended and restated to provide that all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest is due on demand. The note bears interest at a per annum rate of , compounded annually. As of December 31, 2022, the total interest outstanding on this note amounted to and is included in related party payables, net. 
 On August 8, 2018, the Company executed a promissory note in favor of Nant Capital, with a maturity date of June 15, 2022. On December 31, 2021, the Company executed an agreement with Nant Capital to amend and restate the original promissory note, allowing it to request advances up to a maximum commitment of that bears interest at a per annum rate of , extended the maturity date to December 31, 2023, and created an option for the securitization of the debt under the promissory note upon full repayment of the 2016 Notes. Interest payments on outstanding amounts are due on December 15th of each calendar year. The promissory note includes customary negative covenants. On April 27, 2021, in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, the Company and Nant Capital entered into a Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note which amends and restates its promissory note, dated August 8, 2018, as amended on December 31, 2021, between the Company and Nant Capital, to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the promissory note to December 31, 2026 and to subordinate the promissory note in right of payment to the 2021 Notes. The ability to request advances against this note expired as of December 31, 2022 and no advances had been made under the promissory note prior to expiration. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 On October 3, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured subordinated promissory note (the Airstrip Note with Airstrip Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Airstrip ), whereby AirStrip loaned to the Company. AirStrip is an entity affiliated with Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, our Chairman of the Board of Directors (the "Board") and Chief Executive Officer. The Airstrip Note contains an interest rate compounded annually and a maturity date of October 31, 2026. The payment of the Airstrip Note shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior Debt. 
 - 135 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

to the Company. Nant Capital is an entity affiliated with Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. The 2022 Nant Capital Note contains an interest rate equal to the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus per annum, compounded annually and a maturity date of October 31, 2026. The Nant Capital Note also contains semiannual interest payments due on April 15th and October 15th of each year. The payment of the 2022 Nant Capital Note shall be subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior Debt. 
 Related Party Share-based Payments 
 On December 21, 2020, ImmunityBio, Inc. (formerly known as NantKwest, Inc.) ("ImmunityBio"), NantCell, and Nectarine Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of ImmunityBio, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, which was completed on March 9, 2021 (the "Merger"). The newly merged entity is majority owned by entities controlled by Dr. Soon-Shiong, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. On March 4, 2021, prior to the Merger, NantCell awarded restricted stock units to its employees and employees of Immunity Bio, including certain NantHealth employees, which vest over defined service periods, subject to completion of a liquidity event. At the effective time of the Merger on March 9, 2021, the performance condition was met and each share of common stock of NantCell that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger was automatically converted into the right to receive as consideration newly issued common shares of ImmunityBio. The Company accounts for these awards as compensation cost at its estimated fair value over the vesting period with a corresponding credit to equity to reflect a capital contribution from, or on behalf of, the common controlling entity, to the extent that those services provided by its employees associated with these awards benefit NantHealth. The fair value is dependent on management's estimate of the benefit to NantHealth. The higher the estimate of benefit to the Company, the higher the fair value of compensation cost. The compensation cost attributed to NantHealth associated with these awards was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 18. 
 match up to of the participant s eligible annual compensation, which contribution fully vests after of service. Participants contributions are limited to their annual tax deferred contribution limit as allowed by the Internal Revenue Service. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s total matching contributions to the NantHealth 401(k) Plan were and , respectively. 
 
 match up to of the participants eligible annual compensation. The total matching contributions to the plan were for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Note 19. 
 million in a single drawdown made by the Company at closing (the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility ). The maturity date of the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility is December 15, 2023 (the Maturity Date and accrues interest at an annual rate of per annum with a original issue discount. The proceeds from the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility will be used by the Company to fund working capital needs, expenditures and general corporate purposes of the Company. 
 
 - 136 - 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

- 137 - 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are transacted in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Our management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 - 138 - 

Inherent Limitations in the Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Management recognizes that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 None 
 
 - 139 - 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Schedule 14A in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement"), which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. Our code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website, which is located at www.nanthealth.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its requirements, on our website, or in a current report on Form 8-K as may be required by law. 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 As disclosed under Item 5.03 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022, on June 8, 2022, our Board of Directors, amended and restated our bylaws, effective immediately. The bylaws were amended and restated, among other things, to: (i) establish director terms limits of ten (10) years for all directors with an exception for the chairperson of the Board; (ii) require the Board to consider certain underrepresented populations when seeking candidates for nomination to the Board, including a commitment to ensure that by the end of 2023 that at least one woman and at least one member of an underrepresented community are adequately represented on the Board; (iii) limit outside board of director service for independent directors; (iv) require mandatory attendance for directors at the Company s annual stockholder meetings; (v) require independent directors to meet certain enhanced director independence criteria in addition to the standards required by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; (vi) the addition of an exclusive forum selection provision so that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) derivative actions, fiduciary duty claims and other general stockholder corporate claims must be brought exclusively in the Delaware Court of Chancery and (b) claims asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, must be brought exclusively in federal district court instead of a state court, and that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Company shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision; and (vii) make other administrative, technical and conforming changes to track the language in the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the heading Executive Compensation" and "Director Compensation and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 - 140 - 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the heading Principal Accounting Fees and Services and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 - 141 - 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The consolidated financial statements schedules and exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are as follows: 
 (1) Consolidated financial statements 
 Reference is made to the consolidated financial statements identified in the Index to Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All other schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is otherwise in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Annual Report, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 - 142 - 

Exhibits Index 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Title Form File No. Exhibit Filing Filed Date Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 10-Q 001-37792 3.1 August 15, 2016 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NantHealth, Inc. dated as of December 15, 2022 
 8-K 001-37792 3.1 December 15, 2022 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 10-Q 001-37792 3.2 June 10, 2022 4.1 Description of Securities 
 X 4.2 Indenture dated April 27, 2021, among NantHealth, Inc., NaviNet, inc. and U.S. Bank National Association 
 8-K 001-37792 4.1 April 28, 2021 10.1.1+ Second Amended and Restated NantOmics Exclusive Reseller Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and between the Registrant and NantOmics, LLC. 
 10-Q 001-37792 10.1 November 10, 2016 10.1.2+ Amended and Restated NantOmics Exclusive Reseller Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2016, by and between the Registrant and NantOmics, LLC. 
 S-1/A 333-211196 10.1 June 1, 2016 10.1.3+ Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated NantOmics Exclusive Reseller Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2019, by and between the Registrant and NantOmics, LLC. 
 10-Q 001-37792 10.1.2 May 9, 2019 10.1.4 Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated NantOmics Exclusive Reseller Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020. 
 8-K 001-37792 10.2 January 5, 2021 10.2+ NantHealth License Agreement, dated June 19, 2015, by and between the Registrant and NantOmics, LLC, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-211196 10.2 June 1, 2016 10.3# 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated, and related form agreement s . 
 X 10.4# 2016 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 S-1 333-211196 10.13 May 6, 2016 10.5 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, between Registrant and Nant Capital LLC, dated May 9, 2016. 
 S-1/A 333-211196 10.18 May 11, 2016 10.6 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, between Registrant and NantOmics, LLC, dated May 23, 2016. 
 S-1/A 333-211196 10.19 May 24, 2016 10.7 Side Letter Agreement, between Registrant and NantWorks, LLC, dated May 22, 2016. 
 S-1/A 333-211196 10.21 May 23, 2016 10.8 Indenture, dated December 21, 2016, between NantHealth, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 8-K 001-37792 10.2 December 21, 2016 10.10 Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2016, by and among NantHealth, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Jefferies LLC, as representative of the initial purchasers named therein. 
 8-K 001-37792 10.1 December 21, 2016 10.11 Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2016, by and between NantHealth, Inc. and Cambridge Equities, L.P. 
 8-K 001-37792 10.2 December 21, 2016 10.12 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated December 15, 2016, by and between NantHealth, Inc. and Nant Capital LLC. 
 8-K 001-37792 10.3 December 21, 2016 10.13 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 3, 2017, between Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. and NantHealth Inc. 
 8-K 001-37792 2.1 August 31, 2017 
 - 143 - 

Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Title Form File No. Exhibit Filing Filed Date Herewith 10.14+ Amendment No.1 to Second Amended and Restated Reseller Agreement, dated December 18, 2017, by and between NantHealth, Inc. and NantOmics, LLC. 
 10-K 001-37792 10.14 March 16, 2018 10.15 Assignment Agreement, dated February 1, 2018, by and between the Company and NantOmics, LLC. 
 10-Q/A 001-37792 10.1 July 11, 2018 10.16 Promissory note dated August 8, 2018, by the Company to the benefit of Nant Capital, LLC. 
 10-Q 001-37792 10.1 August 9, 2018 10.17# Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement dated September 12, 2018, between the Company and Mr. Bob Petrou 
 10-Q 001-37792 10.2 November 21, 2018 10.18 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of January 13, 2020, among Masimo Corporation and VCCB Holdings, Inc., and NantHealth, Inc. 
 10-K 001-37792 2.1 February 28, 2020 10.19 Open NMS Assignment Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, between the Registrant and Cambridge Equities, LP. 
 10-Q 001-37792 10.1 August 7, 2020 10.20 Amended and Restated Promissory Note by and between the Company and Nant Capital, LLC dated as of December 31, 2020 . 
 8-K 001-37792 10.1 January 5, 2021 10.21 Form of Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and certain holders, dated as of April 13, 2021 
 8-K 001-37792 10.1 April 14, 2021 10.22 Form of Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Cambridge Equities, L.P., dated as of April 13, 2021 
 8-K 001-37792 10.2 April 14, 2021 10.23 Note Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, NaviNet, Inc., and certain buyers, dated as of April 13, 2021 
 8-K 001-37792 10.3 April 14, 2021 10.24 Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated April 27, 2021, by and between NantHealth, Inc. and Nant Capital LLC 
 8-K 001-37792 10.1 April 28, 2021 10.25 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated April 27, 2021, by and between NantHealth, Inc. and Nant Capital LLC 
 8-K 001-37792 10.2 April 28, 2021 10.26 Open Market Sale Agreement SM dated November 12, 2021, by and between NantHealth, Inc. and Jefferies LLC 
 8-K 001-37792 10.1 November 12, 2021 10.27 Subordinated Promissory Note by and between the Company and Airstrip Technologies, Inc. dated as of October 3, 2022 
 8-K 001-37792 10.1 October 6, 2022 10.28 Subordinated Promissory Note by and between the Company and Nant Capital LLC dated as of November 21, 2022 
 8-K 001-37792 10.1 November 28, 2022 21.1 Subsidiaries 
 X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (Contained on Signature Page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 
 - 144 - 

Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Title Form File No. Exhibit Filing Filed Date Herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 X 
 
 # Represents a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 + Confidential treatment granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 As contemplated by SEC Release No. 33-8212, these exhibits are furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of NantHealth, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filings. 
 
 XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is otherwise not subject to liability under these sections. 
 
 Certain identified information has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because such information is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of the unredacted exhibit upon request by the SEC. 

- 145 - 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 NantHealth, Inc. 
 Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Patrick Soon-Shiong Name: Patrick Soon-Shiong Its: Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Bob Petrou Name: Bob Petrou Its: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Patrick Soon-Shiong and Bob Petrou, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title 
 Date /s/ Patrick Soon-Shiong 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 April 14, 2023 Patrick Soon-Shiong 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ Bob Petrou 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 April 14, 2023 Bob Petrou 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 /s/ Kirk K. Calhoun 
 Director 
 April 14, 2023 Kirk K. Calhoun 
 /s/ Michael Blaszyk 
 Director 
 April 14, 2023 Michael Blaszyk 
 /s/ Deanna Wise Director 
 April 14, 2023 Deanna Wise 
 
 - 146 - 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41descriptionofsecu.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 NantHealth, Inc. has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our Common Stock. 
 Description of Common Stock 
 The following description of our Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, for additional information. 
 Common Stock 
 We are authorized to issue up to a total of 750,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our common stock have no cumulative voting rights. Further, holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion, redemption or subscription rights and there are no sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any of our outstanding shares of preferred stock. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors, or board, out of our assets which are legally available. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,703,306 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and there were approximately 110 holders of record of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were 904,099 shares of common stock underlying outstanding options, 7,980 shares of common stock underlying restricted stock units, and 0 shares of common stock underlying phantom units. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board is authorized, subject to certain limitations prescribed by law, to designate and issue up to a total of 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, without stockholder approval. The board may issue preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and fix the designations, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions on the shares of each such series, including dividend rights and rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any such series. 
 Our board may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could harm the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company and might harm the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. We have no current plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 1 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 The provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company. These provisions, which are summarized below, may have the effect of discouraging takeover bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaw Provisions 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our management team, including the following 
 Board of directors vacancies. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws authorize only our board of directors to fill vacant directorships, including newly created seats. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by our board of directors. These provisions would prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and then gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of our board of directors but promotes continuity of management. 
 Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations . Our amended and restated bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions might preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 No cumulative voting . The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 
 Amendment of charter provisions . Any amendment of the above provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires approval by holders of at least two-thirds of our then outstanding voting securities. 
 Issuance of undesignated preferred stock . Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock would enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means. 
 2 

Exclusive forum . Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol NH. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, or AST. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. The transfer agent s telephone number is (800) 937-5449. 
 
 3 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 exhibit10312312022.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 

 NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (As Amended and Restated December 15, 2022) 
 1. Purposes of the Plan . The purposes of this Plan are 
 to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, 
 to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and 
 to promote the success of the Company s business. 
 The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units and Performance Shares. 
 2. Definitions . As used herein, the following definitions will apply 
 (a) Administrator means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan. 
 (b) Applicable Laws means the legal and regulatory requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards and the related issuance of Shares thereunder, including but not limited to U.S. federal and state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan. 
 (c) Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares. 
 (d) Award Agreement means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (e) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (f) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control or 
 - 1 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control or 
 (iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time. 
 Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if (i) its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder will include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation. 
 (h) Committee means a committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board, or a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof. 
 (i) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 - 2 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (j) Company means NantHealth, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 (k) Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render bona fide services to such entity, provided the services (i) are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (ii) do not directly promote or maintain a market for the Company s securities, in each case, within the meaning of Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 (l) Director means a member of the Board. 
 (m) Disability means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, provided that in the case of Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance with uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time. 
 (n) Employee means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. 
 (o) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (p) Exchange Program means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a different type, and or cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and or (iii) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is increased or reduced. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its sole discretion. 
 (q) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable 
 (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the date of determination (or, if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last trading date such bids and asks were reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable 
 (iii) For purposes of any Awards granted on the Registration Date, the Fair Market Value will be the initial price to the public as set forth in the final prospectus included within 
 - 3 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 the registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the initial public offering of the Common Stock or 
 (iv) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Administrator. 
 (r) Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company. 
 (s) Incentive Stock Option means an Option that by its terms qualifies and is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 (t) Inside Director means a Director who is an Employee. 
 (u) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (v) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (w) Option means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 (x) Outside Director means a Director who is not an Employee. 
 (y) Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code. 
 (z) Participant means the holder of an outstanding Award. 
 (aa) Performance Share means an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 10. 
 (ab) Performance Unit means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of the foregoing pursuant to Section 10. 
 (ac) Period of Restriction means the period during which the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator. 
 (ad) Plan means this 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 (ae) Registration Date means the effective date of the first registration statement that is filed by the Company and declared effective pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, with respect to any class of the Company s securities. 
 (af) Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock award under Section 7 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 
 - 4 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (ag) Restricted Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 8. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 (ah) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan. 
 (ai) Section 16(b) means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 
 (aj) Service Provider means an Employee, Director or Consultant. 
 (ak) Share means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. 
 (al) Stock Appreciation Right means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 9 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right. 
 (am) Subsidiary means a subsidiary corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. 
 3. Stock Subject to the Plan . 
 (a) Stock Subject to the Plan . Subject to the provisions of Section 14 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan is 1,853,333 Shares. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. 
 (b) Lapsed Awards . If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares, is forfeited to, or repurchased by, the Company due to failure to vest, then the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights the forfeited or repurchased Shares), which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). With respect to Stock Appreciation Rights, only Shares actually issued (i.e., the net Shares issued) pursuant to a Stock Appreciation Right will cease to be available under the Plan all remaining Shares under Stock Appreciation Rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Shares that actually have been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the Plan provided, however, that if Shares issued pursuant to Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will equal the aggregate Share number stated in Section 3(a). 
 (c) Share Reserve . The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. 
 - 5 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 4. Administration of the Plan . 
 (a) Procedure . 
 (i) Multiple Administrative Bodies . Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer the Plan. 
 (ii) Rule 16b-3 . To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. 
 (iii) Other Administration . Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. 
 (b) Powers of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion 
 (i) to determine the Fair Market Value 
 (ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder 
 (iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder 
 (iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan 
 (v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator will determine 
 (vi) to institute and determine the terms and conditions of an Exchange Program 
 (vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan 
 (viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable foreign laws 
 (ix) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 19 of the Plan), including but not limited to the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an Option (subject to Section 6(b) of the Plan regarding Incentive Stock Options) 
 - 6 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (x) to allow Participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations in such manner as prescribed in Section 15 of the Plan 
 (xi) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator 
 (xii) to allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that otherwise would be due to such Participant under an Award and 
 (xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan. 
 (c) Effect of Administrator s Decision . The Administrator s decisions, determinations and interpretations will be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards. 
 5. Eligibility . Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units may be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. 
 6. Stock Options . 
 (a) Limitations . Each Option will be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), such Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 6(a), Incentive Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. 
 (b) Term of Option . The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the term will be ten (10) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option will be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement. 
 (c) Option Exercise Price and Consideration . 
 (i) Exercise Price . The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option will be determined by the Administrator, subject to the following 
 (1) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option 
 (A) granted to an Employee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10 of the voting power of 
 - 7 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 
 (B) granted to any Employee other than an Employee described in paragraph (A) immediately above, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 
 (2) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 
 (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code. 
 (ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates . At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised. 
 (iii) Form of Consideration . The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. Such consideration may consist entirely of (1) cash (2) check (3) promissory note, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws (4) other Shares, provided that such Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will be exercised and provided that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion (5) consideration received by the Company under a broker-assisted (or other) cashless exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan (6) by net exercise (7) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws or (8) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. 
 (d) Exercise of Option . 
 (i) Procedure for Exercise Rights as a Stockholder . Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 
 An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives (i) a notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the name of the Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the 
 - 8 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 14 of the Plan. 
 Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 
 (ii) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider . If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Participant s termination as the result of the Participant s death or Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for three (3) months following the Participant s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 
 (iii) Disability of Participant . If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Participant s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 
 (iv) Death of Participant . If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised following the Participant s death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death (but in no event may the option be exercised later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement), by the Participant s designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to Participant s death in a form acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant s estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to the Participant s will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Participant s death. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 
 - 9 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 7. Restricted Stock . 
 (a) Grant of Restricted Stock . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 
 (b) Restricted Stock Agreement . Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period of Restriction, if any, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed. 
 (c) Transferability . Except as provided in this Section 7 or the Award Agreement, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction. 
 (d) Other Restrictions . The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate. 
 (e) Removal of Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction or at such other time as the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. 
 (f) Voting Rights . During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise. 
 (g) Dividends and Other Distributions . During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise. If any such dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, the Shares will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. 
 (h) Return of Restricted Stock to Company . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan. 
 8. Restricted Stock Units . 
 (a) Grant . Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it will advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units. 
 (b) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms . The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set 
 - 10 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. 
 (c) Earning Restricted Stock Units . Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a payout as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout. 
 (d) Form and Timing of Payment . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may only settle earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. 
 (e) Cancellation . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company. 
 9. Stock Appreciation Rights . 
 (a) Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Number of Shares . The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted to any Service Provider. 
 (c) Exercise Price and Other Terms . The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan. 
 (d) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement . Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 
 (e) Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire ten (10) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement, as determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6(d) relating to exercise also will apply to Stock Appreciation Rights. 
 (f) Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount . Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying 
 (i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price times 
 - 11 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised. 
 At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. 
 10. Performance Units and Performance Shares . 
 (a) Grant of Performance Units Shares . Performance Units and Performance Shares may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time to time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator will have complete discretion in determining the number of Performance Units and Performance Shares granted to each Participant. 
 (b) Value of Performance Units Shares . Each Performance Unit will have an initial value that is established by the Administrator on or before the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. 
 (c) Performance Objectives and Other Terms . The Administrator will set performance objectives or other vesting provisions (including, without limitation, continued status as a Service Provider) in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value of Performance Units Shares that will be paid out to the Service Providers. The time period during which the performance objectives or other vesting provisions must be met will be called the Performance Period . Each Award of Performance Units Shares will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Performance Period, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. The Administrator may set performance objectives based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. 
 (d) Earning of Performance Units Shares . After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Units Shares will be entitled to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding performance objectives or other vesting provisions have been achieved. After the grant of a Performance Unit Share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such Performance Unit Share. 
 (e) Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units Shares . Payment of earned Performance Units Shares will be made as soon as practicable after the expiration of the applicable Performance Period. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units Shares in the form of cash, in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of the earned Performance Units Shares at the close of the applicable Performance Period) or in a combination thereof. 
 (f) Cancellation of Performance Units Shares . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Units Shares will be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan. 
 11. Outside Director Limitations . Subject to the provisions of Section 14 of the Plan, no Outside Director may be granted, in any Fiscal Year, Awards covering more than 66,666 Shares. 
 - 12 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 12. Leaves of Absence Transfer Between Locations . Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any Subsidiary. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed three (3) months, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then six (6) months following the first (1st) day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant will cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
 13. Transferability of Awards . Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate. 
 14. Adjustments Dissolution or Liquidation Change in Control . 
 (a) Adjustments . In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of Shares that may be delivered under the Plan and or the number, class, and price of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical Share limit in Section 11 of the Plan. 
 (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it previously has not been exercised, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. 
 (c) Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines, including, without limitation, that (i) Awards may be assumed, or substantially equivalent Awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices (ii) upon written notice to a Participant, that the Participant s Awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control (iii) outstanding Awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such Change in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or Change in Control (iv) (A) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of cash and or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment), or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion or (v) any combination of 
 - 13 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 14(c), the Administrator will not be required to treat all Awards similarly in the transaction. 
 In the event that the successor corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award, the Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of his or her outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, including Shares as to which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met. In addition, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a Change in Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 
 For the purposes of this subsection (c), an Award will be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares) provided, however, that if such consideration received in the Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or upon the payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share, for each Share subject to such Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the Change in Control. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 14(c) to the contrary, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such performance goals without the Participant s consent provided, however, a modification to such performance goals only to reflect the successor corporation s post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption. 
 (d) Outside Director Awards . With respect to Awards granted to an Outside Director, in the event of a Change in Control, the Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise Options and or Stock Appreciation Rights as to all of the Shares underlying such Award, including those Shares which otherwise would not be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met. 
 - 14 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 15. Tax . 
 (a) Withholding Requirements . Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or such earlier time as any tax withholding obligations are due, the Company will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes (including the Participant s FICA obligation) required to be withheld with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof). 
 (b) Withholding Arrangements . The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax withholding obligation, in whole or in part by (without limitation) (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld, or (c) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 
 (c) Compliance With Code Section 409A . Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Code Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. The Plan and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to Code Section 409A, the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Code Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Code Section 409A. 
 16. No Effect on Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participant s relationship as a Service Provider with the Company, nor will they interfere in any way with the Participant s right or the Company s right to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 17. Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant. 
 18. Term of Plan . Subject to Section 22 of the Plan, the Plan will become effective upon the later to occur of (i) its adoption by the Board or (ii) the business day immediately prior to the Registration Date. It will continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years from the date adopted by the Board, unless terminated earlier under Section 19 of the Plan. 
 19. Amendment and Termination of the Plan . 
 (a) Amendment and Termination . The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan. 
 - 15 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (b) Stockholder Approval . The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with Applicable Laws. 
 (c) Effect of Amendment or Termination . No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan will materially impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrator s ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination. 
 20. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares . 
 (a) Legal Compliance . Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. 
 (b) Investment Representations . As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required. 
 21. Inability to Obtain Authority . The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any registration or other qualification of the Shares under any state, federal or foreign law or under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory body, which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary or advisable for the issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance will not have been obtained. 
 22. Stockholder Approval . The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws. 
 
 - 16 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice (Director) 
 
 NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the NantHealth, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement including the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice of Grant ), the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, and the appendices and exhibits attached thereto (all together, the Award Agreement ). 
 Name Participant 
 Address 
 
 The undersigned Participant has been granted an Option to purchase Common Stock of NantHealth, Inc. (the Company ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 Number of Shares Granted 
 Exercise Price per Share 
 Total Exercise Price 
 Type of Option 
 Term Expiration Date 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to accelerated vesting as set forth below or in the Plan, this Option will be exercisable, in whole or in part, in accordance with the following schedule 
 On the earlier of (i) the one year anniversary of the option grant date, or (ii) the day prior to the date of the Company s next annual meeting of the Company s stockholders. 
 Termination Period 
 This Option will be exercisable for three (3) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due to Participant s death or Disability, in which case this Option will be exercisable for twelve (12) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term 
 - 17 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 Expiration Date as provided above and may be subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 14 of the Plan. 
 Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Award Agreement subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 
 
 PARTICIPANT NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 Signature By 
 Print Name Print Name 
 
 Title 
 Address 

- 18 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 1. Grant of Option . The Company hereby grants to the individual (the Participant named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant of this Award Agreement (the Notice of Grant an option (the Option to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Exercise Price ), subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 19(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 (a) For U.S. taxpayers, the Option will be designated as either an Incentive Stock Option ISO or a Nonstatutory Stock Option NSO ). If designated in the Notice of Grant as an ISO, this Option is intended to qualify as an ISO under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). However, if this Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option, to the extent that it exceeds the 100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d) it will be treated as an NSO. Further, if for any reason this Option (or portion thereof) will not qualify as an ISO, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option (or portion thereof) shall be regarded as a NSO granted under the Plan. In no event will the Administrator, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary or any of their respective employees or directors have any liability to Participant (or any other person) due to the failure of the Option to qualify for any reason as an ISO. 
 (b) For non-U.S. taxpayers, the Option will be designated as an NSO. 
 2. Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 3, the Option awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Shares scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in Participant in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 
 3. Administrator Discretion . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Option at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Option will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. 

4. Exercise of Option . 
 (a) Right to Exercise . This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement. 
 (b) Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice (the Exercise Notice in the form attached as Exhibit A or in a manner and pursuant to such procedures 
 - 19 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 as the Administrator may determine, which will state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares ), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice will be completed by Participant and delivered to the Company. The Exercise Notice will be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares together and of any Tax Obligations (as defined in Section 6(a)). This Option will be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price. 
 5. Method of Payment . Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of Participant 
 (a) cash 
 (b) check 
 (c) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan or 
 (d) if Participant is a U.S. employee, surrender of other Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised Shares, provided that accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company. 
 6. Tax Obligations . 
 (a) Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, Participant s employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for any tax and or social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the Option, including, without limitation, (a) all federal, state, and local taxes (including the Participant s Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company or the Employer or other payment of tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant, (b) the Participant s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Employer), the Company s (or Employer s) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or sale of Shares, and (c) any other Company (or Employer) taxes the responsibility for which the Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to the Option (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the Tax Obligations ), is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares. 
 - 20 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (b) Tax Withholding . When the Option is exercised, Participant generally will recognize immediate U.S. taxable income if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer. If Participant is a non-U.S. taxpayer, Participant will be subject to applicable taxes in his or her jurisdiction. Pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may specify from time to time, the Company and or Employer shall withhold the minimum amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit Participant to satisfy such Tax Obligations, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible by applicable local law, by (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such Tax Obligations, (c) withholding the amount of such Tax Obligations from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the company and or the Employer, (d) delivering to the Company already vested and owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to such Tax Obligations, or (e) selling a sufficient number of such Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant through such means as the Company may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount of the Tax Obligations. To the extent determined appropriate by the Company in its discretion, it will have the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Tax Obligations by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant. Further, if Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and a date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company and or the Employer (and or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the Option exercise, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares if such amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise. 
 (c) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If the Option granted to Participant herein is an ISO, and if Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the date two (2) years after the Date of Grant, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, Participant will immediately notify the Company in writing of such disposition. Participant agrees that Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized by Participant. 
 (d) Code Section 409A . Under Code Section 409A, an option that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per share exercise price that is determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS to be less than the fair market value of a share on the date of grant (a Discount Option may be considered deferred compensation. A Discount Option may result in (i) income recognition by Participant prior to the exercise of the option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20 federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges. The Discount Option may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest charges to Participant. Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share Exercise Price of this Option equals or exceeds the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant in a later examination. Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share Exercise Price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant, Participant will be solely responsible for Participant s costs related to such a determination. 
 7. Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer 
 - 21 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 
 8. No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 9. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 (a) the grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past 
 (b) all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (d) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (e) the Option and Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 (f) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (g) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value 
 (h) if Participant exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price 
 (i) for purposes of the Option, Participant s engagement as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is 
 - 22 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, (i) Participant s right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g ., Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or Participant s employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time) and (ii) the period (if any) during which Participant may exercise the Option after such termination of Participant's engagement as a Service Provider will commence on the date Participant ceases to actively provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or terms of Participant s engagement agreement, if any the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of his or her Option grant (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence) 
 (j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares and 
 (k) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States 
 (i) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose 
 (ii) Participant acknowledges and agrees that none of the Company, the Employer, or any Parent or Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise and 
 (iii) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the termination of Participant s engagement as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company, any Parent, any Subsidiary or the Employer, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary and the Employer from any such claim if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 
 10. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant is 
 - 23 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 11. Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 Participant understands that Data will be transferred to a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her engagement as a Service Provider and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 12. Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at NantHealth, Inc., 9920 Jefferson Blvd., Culver City, CA 90230, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 
 - 24 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 13. Non-Transferability of Option . This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant. 
 14. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Award Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Award Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Award Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 
 15. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the purchase by, or issuance of Shares, to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such purchase or issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of exercise of the Option as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience. 
 16. Language . If Participant has received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 17. Interpretation . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares subject to the Option have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. Neither the Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 18. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Options awarded under the Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 19. Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement. 
 - 25 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 20. Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 21. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Option under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time. 
 22. Governing Law and Venue . This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Option or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California , and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of Los Angeles, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Central District of California, and no other courts, where this Option is made and or to be performed. 
 23. Country Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, this Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Award Agreement for Participant s country (the Country Addendum ). Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 24. Modifications to the Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code in connection with the Option. 
 25. No Waiver . Either party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement. The rights granted both parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either party s right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 
 26. Tax Consequences . Participant has reviewed with its own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Participant s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. 

- 26 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 COUNTRY ADDENDUM 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 This Country Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to Participant under the Plan if Participant works in one of the countries listed below. If Participant is a citizen or resident of a country (or is considered as such for local law purposes) other than the one in which he or she is currently working or if Participant relocates to another country after receiving the Option, the Company will, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions contained herein will be applicable to Participant. 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Country Addendum shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan, the and or the Award Agreement to which this Country Addendum is attached. 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 This Country Addendum also includes notifications relating to exchange control and other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. The information is based on the exchange control, securities and other laws in effect in the countries listed in this Country Addendum, as of DATE . Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the notifications herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of his or her participation in the Plan because the information may be outdated when Participant exercises the Option or sells Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the notifications are general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to Participant s situation. 
 Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which Participant is currently working (or is considered as such for local law purposes) or if Participant moves to another country after the Option is granted, the information contained herein may not be applicable to Participant. 
 
 - 1 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 EXERCISE NOTICE 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 9920 Jefferson Blvd. 
 Culver City, CA 90230 
 
 Attention Stock Administration 
 
 1. Exercise of Option . Effective as of today, ________________, _____, the undersigned Purchaser hereby elects to purchase ______________ shares (the Shares of the Common Stock of NantHealth, Inc. (the Company under and pursuant to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement, dated ________ and including the Notice of Grant, the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, and appendices and exhibits attached thereto (the Award Agreement ). The purchase price for the Shares will be _____________, as required by the Award Agreement. 
 2. Delivery of Payment . Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares and any Tax Obligations (as defined in Section 6(a) of the Award Agreement) to be paid in connection with the exercise of the Option. 
 3. Representations of Purchaser . Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Award Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 
 4. Rights as Stockholder . Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to Purchaser as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 14 of the Plan. 
 5. Tax Consultation . Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser s purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. 
 6. Entire Agreement Governing Law . The Plan and Award Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan and the Award Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. 
 - 2 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 Submitted by Accepted by 
 
 PURCHASER NANTHEALTH, INC. 

Signature By 
 
 Print Name Its 
 
 Address 

Date Received 

- 3 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 Form of Stock Option Grant (Employee) 
 
 NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the NantHealth, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement including the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice of Grant ), the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, and the appendices and exhibits attached thereto (all together, the Award Agreement ). 
 Name Participant 
 Address 
 
 The undersigned Participant has been granted an Option to purchase Common Stock of NantHealth, Inc. (the Company ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 Number of Shares Granted 
 Exercise Price per Share 
 Total Exercise Price 
 Type of Option 
 Term Expiration Date 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to accelerated vesting as set forth below or in the Plan, this Option will be exercisable, in whole or in part, in accordance with the following schedule 
 
 Termination Period 
 
 This Option will be exercisable for three (3) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due to Participant s death or Disability, in which case this Option will be exercisable for twelve (12) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term 
 - 4 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 Expiration Date as provided above and may be subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 14 of the Plan. 
 Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Award Agreement subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 
 
 PARTICIPANT NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 Signature By 
 Print Name Print Name 
 Title 
 Address 

- 5 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 7. Grant of Option . The Company hereby grants to the individual (the Participant named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant of this Award Agreement (the Notice of Grant an option (the Option to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Exercise Price ), subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 19(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 (a) For U.S. taxpayers, the Option will be designated as either an Incentive Stock Option ISO or a Nonstatutory Stock Option NSO ). If designated in the Notice of Grant as an ISO, this Option is intended to qualify as an ISO under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). However, if this Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option, to the extent that it exceeds the 100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d) it will be treated as an NSO. Further, if for any reason this Option (or portion thereof) will not qualify as an ISO, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option (or portion thereof) shall be regarded as a NSO granted under the Plan. In no event will the Administrator, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary or any of their respective employees or directors have any liability to Participant (or any other person) due to the failure of the Option to qualify for any reason as an ISO. 
 (b) For non-U.S. taxpayers, the Option will be designated as an NSO. 
 8. Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 3, the Option awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Shares scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in Participant in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 
 9. Administrator Discretion . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Option at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Option will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. 
 10. Exercise of Option . 
 (a) Right to Exercise . This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement. 
 (b) Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice (the Exercise Notice in the form attached as Exhibit A or in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine, which will state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares ), and such other 
 - 6 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice will be completed by Participant and delivered to the Company. The Exercise Notice will be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares together and of any Tax Obligations (as defined in Section 6(a)). This Option will be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price. 
 11. Method of Payment . Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of Participant 
 (a) cash 
 (b) check 
 (c) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan or 
 (d) if Participant is a U.S. employee, surrender of other Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised Shares, provided that accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company. 
 12. Tax Obligations . 
 (a) Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, Participant s employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for any tax and or social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the Option, including, without limitation, (a) all federal, state, and local taxes (including the Participant s Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company or the Employer or other payment of tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant, (b) the Participant s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Employer), the Company s (or Employer s) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or sale of Shares, and (c) any other Company (or Employer) taxes the responsibility for which the Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to the Option (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the Tax Obligations ), is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares. 
 - 7 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (b) Tax Withholding . When the Option is exercised, Participant generally will recognize immediate U.S. taxable income if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer. If Participant is a non-U.S. taxpayer, Participant will be subject to applicable taxes in his or her jurisdiction. Pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may specify from time to time, the Company and or Employer shall withhold the minimum amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit Participant to satisfy such Tax Obligations, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible by applicable local law, by (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such Tax Obligations, (c) withholding the amount of such Tax Obligations from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the company and or the Employer, (d) delivering to the Company already vested and owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to such Tax Obligations, or (e) selling a sufficient number of such Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant through such means as the Company may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount of the Tax Obligations. To the extent determined appropriate by the Company in its discretion, it will have the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Tax Obligations by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant. Further, if Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and a date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company and or the Employer (and or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the Option exercise, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares if such amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise. 
 (c) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If the Option granted to Participant herein is an ISO, and if Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the date two (2) years after the Date of Grant, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, Participant will immediately notify the Company in writing of such disposition. Participant agrees that Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized by Participant. 
 (d) Code Section 409A . Under Code Section 409A, an option that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per share exercise price that is determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS to be less than the fair market value of a share on the date of grant (a Discount Option may be considered deferred compensation. A Discount Option may result in (i) income recognition by Participant prior to the exercise of the option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20 federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges. The Discount Option may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest charges to Participant. Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share Exercise Price of this Option equals or exceeds the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant in a later examination. Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share Exercise Price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant, Participant will be solely responsible for Participant s costs related to such a determination. 
 13. Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer 
 - 8 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 
 14. No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 15. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 (a) the grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past 
 (b) all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (d) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (e) the Option and Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 (f) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (g) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value 
 (h) if Participant exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price 
 (i) for purposes of the Option, Participant s engagement as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is 
 - 9 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, (i) Participant s right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g ., Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or Participant s employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time) and (ii) the period (if any) during which Participant may exercise the Option after such termination of Participant's engagement as a Service Provider will commence on the date Participant ceases to actively provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or terms of Participant s engagement agreement, if any the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of his or her Option grant (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence) 
 (j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares and 
 (k) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States 
 (i) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose 
 (ii) Participant acknowledges and agrees that none of the Company, the Employer, or any Parent or Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise and 
 (iii) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the termination of Participant s engagement as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company, any Parent, any Subsidiary or the Employer, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary and the Employer from any such claim if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 
 16. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant is 
 - 10 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 17. Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 Participant understands that Data will be transferred to a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her engagement as a Service Provider and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 18. Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at NantHealth, Inc., 9920 Jefferson Blvd., Culver City, CA 90230, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 
 - 11 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 19. Non-Transferability of Option . This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant. 
 20. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Award Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Award Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Award Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 
 21. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the purchase by, or issuance of Shares, to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such purchase or issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of exercise of the Option as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience. 
 22. Language . If Participant has received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 23. Interpretation . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares subject to the Option have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. Neither the Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 24. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Options awarded under the Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 25. Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement. 
 - 12 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

 26. Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 27. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Option under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time. 
 28. Governing Law and Venue . This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Option or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California , and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of Los Angeles, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Central District of California, and no other courts, where this Option is made and or to be performed. 
 29. Country Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, this Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Award Agreement for Participant s country (the Country Addendum ). Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 30. Modifications to the Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code in connection with the Option. 
 31. No Waiver . Either party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement. The rights granted both parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either party s right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 
 32. Tax Consequences . Participant has reviewed with its own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Participant s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. 
 - 13 - 

NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 COUNTRY ADDENDUM 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 This Country Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to Participant under the Plan if Participant works in one of the countries listed below. If Participant is a citizen or resident of a country (or is considered as such for local law purposes) other than the one in which he or she is currently working or if Participant relocates to another country after receiving the Option, the Company will, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions contained herein will be applicable to Participant. 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Country Addendum shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan, the and or the Award Agreement to which this Country Addendum is attached. 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 This Country Addendum also includes notifications relating to exchange control and other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. The information is based on the exchange control, securities and other laws in effect in the countries listed in this Country Addendum, as of DATE . Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the notifications herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of his or her participation in the Plan because the information may be outdated when Participant exercises the Option or sells Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the notifications are general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to Participant s situation. 
 Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which Participant is currently working (or is considered as such for local law purposes) or if Participant moves to another country after the Option is granted, the information contained herein may not be applicable to Participant. 

Exhibit 10.3 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 EXERCISE NOTICE 

NantHealth, Inc. 
 9920 Jefferson Blvd. 
 Culver City, CA 90230 
 
 Attention Stock Administration 
 
 33. Exercise of Option . Effective as of today, ________________, _____, the undersigned Purchaser hereby elects to purchase ______________ shares (the Shares of the Common Stock of NantHealth, Inc. (the Company under and pursuant to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement, dated ________ and including the Notice of Grant, the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, and appendices and exhibits attached thereto (the Award Agreement ). The purchase price for the Shares will be _____________, as required by the Award Agreement. 
 34. Delivery of Payment . Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares and any Tax Obligations (as defined in Section 6(a) of the Award Agreement) to be paid in connection with the exercise of the Option. 
 35. Representations of Purchaser . Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Award Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 
 36. Rights as Stockholder . Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to Purchaser as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 14 of the Plan. 
 37. Tax Consultation . Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser s purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. 
 38. Entire Agreement Governing Law . The Plan and Award Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan and the Award Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. 
 
 - 2 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

Submitted by Accepted by 
 PURCHASER NANTHEALTH, INC. 

Signature By 
 
 Print Name Its 
 
 Address 

Date Received 

- 3 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice 
 
 NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (the Notice of Grant ), the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, and any appendices and exhibits attached thereto (all together, the Award Agreement ). 
 
 Name Participant) 
 Address 
 
 The undersigned Participant has been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows 
 
 Date of Grant 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or set forth below, the Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the following schedule 
 
 In the event Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason before Participant vests in the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate. 
 
 Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Award Agreement subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 
 
 PARTICIPANT NANTHEALTH, INC. 

Signature By 
 
 Print Name Its 
 
 Address 

- 4 - 

Exhibit 10.3 

- 5 - 

NANTHEALTH, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby grants to the individual (the Participant named in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units of this Award Agreement (the Notice of Grant under the Plan an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 19(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 
 Company s Obligation to Pay . Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Unit will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 
 Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant, subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through each applicable vesting date. 
 Payment after Vesting . 
 General Rule . Subject to Section 6, any Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to Participant (or in the event of Participant s death, to his or her properly designated beneficiary or estate) in whole Shares. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b), such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award Agreement. 
 Acceleration . 
 Discretionary Acceleration . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such , such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. If Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of Shares vesting pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Award Agreement only by direct and specific reference to such sentence. 
 Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Date of Grant), if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with Participant s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to Participant s death , and if (x) Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of 

Exhibit 10.3 

 such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination as a Service Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to Participant s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. 
 Section 409A . It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Award Agreement, Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and any final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 
 Forfeiture Upon Termination as a Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, if Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason, the then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company and Participant will have no further rights thereunder. 
 Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased, be made to Participant s designated beneficiary, or if no beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 
 Tax Consequences . Participant has reviewed with its own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Participant s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. 
 
 Tax Obligations 
 Responsibility for Taxes . Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, Participant s employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for any tax and or social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the Restricted Stock Units, including, without limitation, (a) all federal, state, and local taxes (including the Participant s Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company or the Employer or other payment of tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant, (b) the Participant s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Employer), the Company s (or Employer s) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Restricted Stock Units or sale of Shares, and (c) any other Company (or 
 2 

Exhibit 10.3 

 Employer) taxes the responsibility for which the Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to the Restricted Stock Units (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the Tax Obligations ), is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares. 
 Tax Withholding . When Shares are issued as payment for vested Restricted Stock Units, Participant generally will recognize immediate U.S. taxable income if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer. If Participant is a non-U.S. taxpayer, Participant will be subject to applicable taxes in his or her jurisdiction. Pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may specify from time to time, the Company and or Employer shall withhold the minimum amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit Participant to satisfy such Tax Obligations, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible by applicable local law, by (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such Tax Obligations, (c) withholding the amount of such Tax Obligations from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the company and or the Employer, (d) delivering to the Company already vested and owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to such Tax Obligations, or (e) selling a sufficient number of such Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant through such means as the Company may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount of the Tax Obligations. To the extent determined appropriate by the Company in its discretion, it will have the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Tax Obligations by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant and, until determined otherwise by the Company, this will be the method by which such Tax Obligations are satisfied. Further, if Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and a date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company and or the Employer (and or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such Tax Obligations hereunder at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Sections 3 or 4, Participant will permanently forfeit such Restricted Stock Units and any right to receive Shares thereunder and the Restricted Stock Units will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to deliver the Shares if such Tax Obligations are not delivered at the time they are due. 
 Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the 
 3 

Exhibit 10.3 

 Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 
 No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 
 Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past 
 all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted 
 4 

Exhibit 10.3 

 for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant s status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time) the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units grant (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence) 
 unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares and 
 the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States 
 the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose 
 Participant acknowledges and agrees that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent or Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement and 
 no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of Participant s status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary or the Employer, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary and the Employer from any such claim if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any 
 5 

Exhibit 10.3 

 and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 
 No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 Participant understands that Data will be transferred to a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her status as a Service Provider and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent 
 6 

Exhibit 10.3 

 may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at NantHealth, Inc., 9920 Jefferson Blvd., Culver City, CA 90230, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 
 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 No Waiver . Either party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. The rights granted both parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either party s right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 
 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 
 Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience. 
 Language . If Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 Interpretation . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules 
 7 

Exhibit 10.3 

 (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. Neither the Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement. 
 Modifications to the Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection to this Award of Restricted Stock Units. 
 Governing Law and Venue . This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under the Restricted Stock Units or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of Los Angeles, California or the federal courts for the United States for the Central District of California, and no other courts. 
 Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time. 
 Entire Agreement . The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Award Agreement (including the exhibits referenced herein) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Participant s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. 

8 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit21112312022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 NantHealth, Inc. 
 Subsidiaries 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization NaviNet, Inc. Delaware NaviNet Limited United Kingdom NantHealth Labs, Inc. Delaware The Open NMS Group, Inc. North Carolina OpenNMS Group Canada, Inc. Canada 
 
 Note Subsidiary companies excluded from the above listing, if considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit23112312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-254937) of NantHealth, Inc., and 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-239326, 333-211886 and 333-225670) pertaining to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and Phantom Unit Plan of NantHealth, Inc. 
 
 of our report dated April 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of NantHealth, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of NantHealth, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 April 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Patrick Soon-Shiong, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NantHealth, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date April 14, 2023 By s Patrick Soon-Shiong Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bob Petrou, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NantHealth, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date April 14, 2023 By s Bob Petrou Bob Petrou Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), I, Patrick Soon-Shiong, hereby certify that, to my knowledge 
 (i) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 
 (ii) that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NantHealth, Inc. 
 Date April 14, 2023 
 
 By s Patrick Soon-Shiong Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of NantHealth, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit32212312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), I, Bob Petrou, hereby certify that, to my knowledge 
 (i) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 
 (ii) that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NantHealth, Inc. 
 Date April 14, 2023 
 
 By s Bob Petrou Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of NantHealth, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 nh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 nh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 nh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 nh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 nh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

