<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1681556_0001493152-23-012527.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2456580</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108134</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>469779</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>671630</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>504110</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>651992</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012527.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417160025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012527
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GEX MANAGEMENT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001681556
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				562428818
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38288
		FILM NUMBER:		23823909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12001 N CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 825
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75243
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-210-4396

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12001 N CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 825
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75243

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012527.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Transition Period from ______________to ______________ 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 Number) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, Par value 0.001 

Indicate
by a check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by a check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) (2) has been
subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 

Indicate
the number of Shares of outstanding of each of the Registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of
the Registrant (assuming for these purposes, but without conceding, that all executive officers and Directors are affiliates 
of the Registrant) as of March 31, 2023, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed fiscal quarter, was (based
on the closing sale price of the Registrant s Common Stock on that date. 

As
of April 12, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Description of Properties 
 11 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 12 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 17 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 17 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 17 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 18 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 18 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 19 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 22 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 23 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationship and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 23 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 23 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

For
purposes of this Annual Report, the terms GEX, GEX Management, the Company, we, 
 us, and our, refer to GEX Management, Inc., a Texas Corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries unless
the context clearly indicates otherwise. Included in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in its rules, regulations
and releases, regarding, among other things, all statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including
statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations. The
words believe, may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, 
 should, plan, could, target, potential, is likely, 
 will, expect and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial
trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. In addition,
our past results of operations do not necessarily indicate our future results. 

From
time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public, as well as oral forward-looking
statements. Such statements relate to our current expectations, projections and assumptions about our business, the economy and future
events or conditions. They do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. 

Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Actual results may differ
materially from past results and from those indicated by such forward-looking statements if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize,
or if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things: 

our
 ability to execute our business plans or growth strategy; 

the
 nature of investment and acquisition opportunities we are pursuing, and the successful execution of such investments and acquisitions; 

our
 ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and realize synergies; 

variations
 in our results of operations; 

our
 ability to accurately forecast the revenue under our contracts; 

competition
 for our services; 

our
 failure to maintain a high level of client retention or the unexpected reduction in scope or termination of key contracts with major
 clients; 

client
 dissatisfaction, our non-compliance with contractual provisions or regulatory requirements; 

our
 inability to manage our relationships with our clients; 

pending
 or threatened litigation; 

unfavorable
 outcomes in legal proceedings; 

our
 ability to generate sufficient cash to cover our interest and principal payments under our note payable, or to borrow or use credit; 

unexpected
 changes in tax laws, regulations or guidance and unexpected changes in our effective tax rate; and 

the
 market price of our common stock. 

Other
sections of this report may include additional factors which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. New risk
factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to anticipate all the relevant risks to our business, and we cannot assess
the impact of all such risks on our business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Those factors include, among others, those matters disclosed in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except
as otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements or the risk factors described in this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances
or any other reason after the date of this report. Neither the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 nor Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 provides any protection to us for statements made in this report. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events or performance. We cannot assure you that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements will be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

History
and Development of Business 

GEX
Management, Inc. was originally formed in 2004 as Group Excellence Management, LLC. d/b/a MyEasyHQ. In March of 2016, it was converted
from a limited liability company into a C corporation and changed its name to GEX Management, Inc. 

GEX
Management initially began operations as a Professional Services Company providing back office support to third-party clients. In 2016
GEX Management revised its business model to provide staffing and back-office services to a wide variety of industries in order to expand
the Company s footprint, thereby building on the previous 12-year history of exceptional client service. Over the next few years,
GEX Management experienced tremendous growth in sales and customer pipeline - staffing business grew by over 1600 + from 2016 to 2017
with the firm being named among the fastest growing public companies in the North Texas region by the Dallas Morning News,
while also significantly expanding its client footprints across multiple staffing, business consulting and PEO opportunities. 

In
2019, the management of GEX under the leadership of Sri Vanamali set strategic goals to revise the business model to expand into areas
of higher margin and growth particularly in the area of Technology and Strategy Consulting Services. In Q4 2019, GEX signed a contract
with one of the fastest growing, VC backed social video platform to provide key corporate and strategy consulting services an
initiative that the CEO was personally involved with in developing and growing the strategic business relationship over two years. This
contract resulted in enormous growth opportunities for GEX and significantly expanded growth in future periods as well. GEX signed additional
contracts to provide interim CFO and CEO consulting services to various high growth public and private companies,
resulting in doubling of sales within a year and achieving an astounding double digit expansion in gross margins despite the pandemic
related recessionary business environment. Furthermore, GEX has been in talks with multiple companies to identify synergistic acquisition
opportunities to fuel organic and inorganic growth and fulfil the corporate objective of becoming a top tier business and technology
focused firm while also developing a long term and sustainable technology centric business model. Management expects these growth initiatives
to help the firm eventually achieve strong and stable revenue growth while also achieving sustainable long-term profitability by targeting
a higher margin, lower cost model and relying on less expensive debt instruments to help reduce the burden across the firm s capital
structure. 

Beginning
2020. under Sri Vanamali s executive leadership, GEX Management has built its core competency to provide value creation services
as a key operating partner to private equity firms and strategic operators by focusing on several key areas: 

Industry
 Expertise: GEX Management has developed deep expertise in several industries, including technology,
 healthcare, niche manufacturing, industrials energy, and more. This expertise enables the
 company to understand the unique challenges and opportunities facing businesses in these
 industries, and to provide tailored solutions that drive value creation. 
 
 Data-Driven
 Approach: GEX Management uses AI based data-driven analysis to identify opportunities for
 value creation in its clients businesses. This includes analyzing financial and operational
 data to identify areas for improvement, and developing strategies to drive growth and profitability. 
 
 Operational
 Expertise: GEX Management has a team of experienced consultants with a strong background
 in operational management. This expertise enables the company to provide practical solutions
 that address operational inefficiencies and improve overall performance. 
 
 Network
 of Strategic Partners: GEX Management has developed a network of strategic partners, including
 technology vendors, service providers, and other consulting firms. This network enables the
 company to provide comprehensive solutions to its clients, leveraging the expertise of its
 partners as needed. 
 
 Culture
 of Innovation: GEX Management fosters a culture of innovation, encouraging its consultants
 to think creatively and develop new solutions to meet its clients needs. This approach
 enables the company to stay ahead of industry trends and provide cutting-edge solutions to
 its clients. 

The
strategic roadmap for GEX Management in providing value creation services as a key operating partner to PE firms in 2023
involves expanding its industry expertise and developing new partnerships to support its growth. The company plans to deepen its expertise
in key sectors such as healthcare and technology, while also expanding into new sectors such as retail, industrials and consumer goods.
Additionally, GEX Management plans to develop new partnerships with technology vendors and other service providers to offer its clients
a broader range of solutions. Through these initiatives, GEX Management aims to continue providing exceptional value creation services
to its clients and maintaining its position as a leading management consulting firm. 

Under
Mr. Vanamali s stewardship, Phase 1 of the GEX strategic roadmap implemented in Q1 2019 involved building out the Management Consulting
business model, while Phase II beginning in Q2 2020 involved accelerating the GEX MSP partnership model to expand our enterprise corporate
client base. In Q1 2023, Mr. Vanamali announced Phase III of GEX Management s strategic roadmap, which involved building out a
proprietary AI-powered technology platform and product base to complement its full spectrum of strategy consulting and enterprise consulting
business suite offerings. This initiative represents a significant investment for the company and is designed to enhance its ability
to provide value creation services to strategics and private equity clients in several key ways: 

Improved
Data Analytics: The AI-powered platform will enable GEX Management to leverage advanced data analytics to identify opportunities for
value creation in its clients businesses. The platform will use machine learning algorithms to analyze large data sets and identify
patterns and trends that are not easily detectable through traditional data analysis methods. 

4 

Enhanced
Operational Efficiency: The platform will also enable GEX Management to automate many of its operational processes, allowing the company
to provide faster and more efficient service to its clients. This will include automating data collection and analysis, as well as streamlining
project management and communication with clients. 

 Customized
Solutions: The platform will allow GEX Management to provide customized solutions to its clients based on their specific needs and challenges.
The platform will be designed to adapt to each client s unique business environment, providing tailored recommendations that are
specifically designed to drive value creation. 

 Competitive
Advantage: The AI-powered platform will provide GEX Management with a significant competitive advantage over other consulting firms.
By leveraging advanced data analytics and automation, the company will be able to provide faster and more accurate solutions to its clients,
enabling it to differentiate itself in the highly competitive consulting market. 

GEX Management s Phase 3 initiative is considered a hypergrowth strategy because it is designed to leverage technology and innovation
to drive rapid expansion and growth for the company. By building a proprietary AI-powered platform, the company is positioning itself
to capture a larger share of the consulting market and establish itself as a leader in the industry. 

There
are several key factors that are expected to contribute to the hypergrowth potential of this initiative: 

Scalability:
 The AI-powered platform will enable GEX Management to scale its operations more efficiently
 and effectively. By automating many of its operational processes and leveraging advanced
 data analytics, the company will be able to handle a larger volume of clients and projects
 without significantly increasing its staffing levels. 
 
 Competitive
 Advantage: The AI-powered platform will provide GEX Management with a significant competitive
 advantage over other consulting firms. This will enable the company to attract new clients
 and expand its business more quickly than its competitors. 
 
 Market
 Demand: There is a strong market demand for AI-powered solutions in the consulting industry.
 By developing a proprietary platform that leverages advanced AI and data analytics, GEX Management
 is positioning itself to capitalize on this demand and capture a larger share of the market. 
 
 Value
 Proposition: The AI-powered platform will enable GEX Management to provide more efficient,
 customized, and accurate solutions to its clients. This will enhance the company s
 value proposition and position it as a leader in the industry, driving further growth and
 expansion. 

The development of an AI-powered technology platform is a key component of GEX Management s value proposition to strategic and
private equity clients. The platform will enable the company to provide more efficient, customized, and accurate solutions to its clients,
helping them to achieve their strategic goals and drive value creation. Additionally, the platform will help GEX Management to differentiate
itself in the highly competitive consulting market, positioning the company as a leader in the industry and a valuable partner to private
equity firms seeking to maximize their returns on investment. 

Under
Sri Vanamali s executive leadership, GEX Management was invited in February 2019 to be a Preferred Supplier to Insight Global,
one of the world s largest Managed Service Providers (MSPs) to Fortune 100 Companies in the Enterprise Technology Consulting space.
The first consultant that GEX hired through this Preferred Supplier initiative was successfully placed at a large PA based financial
services firm to provide Business and Quality Analysis professional services to the client. Subsequently, GEX placed its second enterprise
consultant at the world s leading Fortune 100 CRM Company at its headquarters in San Francisco and subsequently several more highly
skilled Enterprise Technology Consultants at leading Fortune 500 retail, healthcare, manufacturing and technology clients across the
country. 

Subsequently,
GEX Management has achieved significant growth by expanding its client base through partnerships with top-tier technology MSPs such as
Robert Half, Insight Global, TekFortune, and Aegean. These partnerships have allowed GEX to offer its consulting services to a wide range
of clients, including some of the biggest names in various industries. 

5 

The
end clients for whom GEX consultants provide services include leading companies such as Salesforce, Anthem, Walmart, United Airlines,
Disney, Marriott, Paramount, Morgan Stanley, and Carlyle Group, among others. This diverse client base has provided GEX with the opportunity
to work with clients across a wide range of industries, allowing the company to gain valuable experience and knowledge that it can leverage
to provide high-quality services to its clients. Through its strong relationships with its MSP partners and its focus on providing exceptional
service to its clients, GEX has been able to expand its client base and increase its revenue significantly. The company has also been
able to leverage its expertise and experience to develop new service offerings and expand into new markets, further driving its growth
and success. Moving forward, GEX plans to continue building on its success by expanding its partnerships with leading MSPs and identifying
new opportunities to serve its clients needs. The company will also continue to invest in its technology platform and product
base to ensure it can provide the most innovative and effective solutions to its clients. 

As
a direct result of the high market demand for experienced technology consultants via its multiple supplier programs, the GEX team has
interviewed and has acquired over 30 highly experienced enterprise technology consultants with expertise across a wide array of functions
(Enterprise Architects, Project Managers, Systems Integration Developers, Quality Assurance Specialists and Business Systems Analysts)
who have been identified for various short to long term projects. Additionally, GEX plans to hire and place a large pool of enterprise
consultants over the next 18 - 24 month period to satisfy its growing pipeline of future contracts. 

In
addition to these planned strategic growth initiatives across both strategy and technology consulting, , management has been focusing
on materially improving its balance sheet by significantly reducing or eliminating the debt or debt like instruments related to convertible
notes and asset related liens introduced in 2018 while simultaneously exploring opportunities to reduce or eliminate the high interest
MCA related toxic debt instruments that resulted in significant interest expenses to the company and a burden to operating capital. Under
the balance sheet clean up initiative, GEX Management has focused on reducing its liabilities and improving its financial health. The
company has taken several actions to achieve this, including: 

Debt
 restructuring: GEX Management has restructured its debt to reduce the amount of outstanding
 debt and lower the interest rate, resulting in lower interest expense and improved cash flow. 
 
 Expense
 reduction: The company has implemented cost-cutting measures to reduce expenses and improve
 profitability, such as renegotiating contracts and reducing non-essential expenses. 
 
 Asset
 divestiture: GEX Management has sold non-core assets to generate cash and reduce debt. 
 
 Improved
 collections: The company has improved its collections process to ensure timely payment of
 receivables and reduce outstanding balances. 

As
a result of these actions, GEX Management has been able to significantly reduce its liabilities from 7,116,854 in fiscal year 2021 to
 1,840,499 in 2022. This has a positive impact on the company s financial health and reduces the risk of insolvency. It also improves
the company s ability to secure financing at lower interest rates, which can result in lower borrowing costs and improved profitability. 

This
focus on balance sheet cleanup and to stay significantly asset-lite is expected to achieve material results by Q2 2023,
at which point GEX would be primed for its next phase of strategic growth initiatives by deploying equity and non-toxic debt instruments
towards organic and inorganic opportunities. Finally, management believes that the material elimination of MCA and related debt like
instruments will be a critical first step prior to rebuilding a robust revenue pipeline as this will require strong working capital and
favorable leverage covenants to sustain operations in the long term as well as reduce liabilities related to attachment to future receivables.
While management efforts to settle these instruments are aggressively underway, the inability or failure by the firm to completely address
any toxic debt instruments could result in management pursuing a restructuring program or similar initiatives to bring the balance sheet
within reasonable covenant parameters to allow the firm to continue operating efficiently in the coming years without exposing future
customers to significant business risks associated with these toxic instruments. As part of this long term strategy, management has already
begin putting processes in place to protect the company via a robust internal restructuring program and will be announcing the outcome
of these intra-company restructuring efforts that will protect the interests of investors and shareholders alike over the long term and
also streamline the corporate structure to be synergistic with the management s long term vision for the company. 

6 

Business
Operations 

GEX
Management is a Dallas-based management consulting firm that offers a wide range of business operational services to clients. The company s
capabilities are geared towards helping organizations optimize their processes and improve their overall efficiency. Some of the business
operational service streams and capabilities of GEX Management are listed below: 

Strategy
Consulting Services 

Strategy
and Business Planning: GEX Management helps organizations develop and implement effective business strategies and plans. This includes
market analysis, strategic planning, business model development, and more. The goal is to help businesses identify opportunities for
growth and develop strategies that will enable them to achieve their goals. 

Process
Optimization: GEX Management assists clients in identifying and improving their core business processes. This includes process mapping,
process improvement, and process automation. By optimizing processes, businesses can reduce costs, improve quality, and enhance customer
satisfaction. 

Project
Management: GEX Management provides project management services to help businesses plan, execute, and control their projects. This includes
project planning, scheduling, budgeting, risk management, and more. The goal is to help businesses deliver projects on time, within budget,
and to the satisfaction of stakeholders. 

Change
Management: GEX Management helps organizations manage change effectively. This includes change planning, stakeholder engagement, communication
planning, and more. The goal is to help businesses implement change smoothly and minimize disruption to their operations. 

Performance
Improvement: GEX Management assists clients in improving their overall performance. This includes performance analysis, benchmarking,
and performance improvement planning. The goal is to help businesses identify areas for improvement and implement solutions that will
enable them to achieve their performance objectives. 

Organizational
Design and Development: GEX Management helps businesses optimize their organizational design and development. This includes organizational
structure design, job analysis, role design, and more. The goal is to help businesses create an organizational structure that supports
their strategic objectives and enables them to achieve their goals. 

Overall,
GEX Management s strategy consulting and business operational service streams and capabilities are focused on helping businesses
optimize their processes, improve their performance, and achieve their strategic objectives. By leveraging GEX Management s expertise,
businesses can enhance their competitiveness, increase their profitability, and achieve sustainable growth. 

7 

Enterprise
Technology Consulting Services 

In
addition to strategy consulting, GEX Management also provides technology consulting services to several Fortune 100 clients. The company s
technology consulting streams and capabilities are geared towards helping organizations leverage technology to improve their processes,
enhance their customer experience, and drive growth. 

Some
of the technology consulting streams and capabilities of GEX Management are listed below: 

Digital
Transformation: GEX Management helps organizations transform their operations using digital technologies. This includes digital strategy
development, digital capability assessment, and digital roadmap creation. The goal is to help businesses leverage digital technologies
to improve their customer experience, streamline their processes, and increase their efficiency. 

Cloud
Computing: GEX Management provides cloud computing services to help businesses leverage cloud-based technologies. This includes cloud
strategy development, cloud infrastructure design, cloud migration planning, and more. The goal is to help businesses reduce their infrastructure
costs, increase their flexibility, and improve their scalability. 

Data
Analytics: GEX Management assists clients in leveraging data analytics to gain insights into their business operations. This includes
data analytics strategy development, data visualization, and data modeling. The goal is to help businesses make better decisions based
on data-driven insights. 

Cybersecurity:
GEX Management provides cybersecurity services to help businesses protect their information assets. This includes cybersecurity risk
assessments, cybersecurity strategy development, and cybersecurity implementation. The goal is to help businesses mitigate cybersecurity
risks and ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of their information assets. 

Digital
Marketing: GEX Management helps organizations improve their digital marketing capabilities. This includes digital marketing strategy
development, social media management, email marketing, and more. The goal is to help businesses improve their customer engagement and
increase their online visibility. 

Overall,
GEX Management s technology consulting streams and capabilities are focused on helping businesses leverage technology to improve
their processes, enhance their customer experience, and drive growth. By leveraging GEX Management s expertise, businesses can
enhance their competitiveness, increase their profitability, and achieve sustainable growth in the digital age. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
business strategy is focused on several key elements that we believe are critical to our success: 

Focus
 on High-Value Services: We focus on providing high-value consulting services that help our
 clients achieve their strategic objectives. By focusing on these high-value services, we
 are able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and provide our clients with unique
 insights and expertise. 
 
 Leverage
 Technology: We are constantly exploring new technologies and tools that can help us provide
 better and more efficient consulting services to our clients. This includes developing our
 own proprietary AI-powered platform that can be used to enhance our existing consulting offerings
 and provide clients with additional insights and value. 
 
 Partner
 with Private Equity Firms: We have developed a strong reputation as a trusted partner to
 private equity firms seeking to enhance the performance of their portfolio companies. By
 partnering with these firms, we are able to leverage their deep industry expertise and resources
 to provide our clients with additional value and insights. 

8 

Expand
 our Geographic Reach: We are constantly exploring opportunities to expand our geographic
 reach and enter new markets. This includes opening new offices in strategic locations and
 developing partnerships with local firms to provide our clients with on-the-ground expertise
 and insights. 
 
 Attract
 and Retain Top Talent: Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain top talent.
 We have developed a strong culture that emphasizes collaboration, innovation, and continuous
 learning, and we offer competitive compensation packages and career advancement opportunities
 to our employees. 

We believe that our business strategy
is well-positioned to help us achieve our long-term growth objectives. By focusing on high-value consulting services, leveraging technology,
partnering with private equity firms, expanding our geographic reach, and attracting and retaining top talent, we are confident that
we can continue to deliver strong results for our clients and shareholders. 

Marketing
and Sales 

GEX
Management adopts a multi-faceted marketing and sales approach to drive revenue growth and build brand awareness. The company uses various
channels to reach potential clients, including digital marketing, social media, industry events, referrals, and targeted advertising. 

Digital
Marketing: GEX Management leverages various digital marketing channels, including search engine optimization (SEO), email marketing,
and pay-per-click (PPC) advertising, to drive traffic to its website and generate leads. The company also uses data analytics to measure
the effectiveness of its marketing efforts and optimize its strategy accordingly. 

Social
Media: GEX Management maintains a strong social media presence on platforms such as LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook to engage with potential
clients and share thought leadership content. The company also runs targeted social media advertising campaigns to reach specific audiences. 

Industry
Events: GEX Management participates in industry events and conferences to connect with potential clients and showcase its expertise.
The company also hosts its own events, such as webinars and thought leadership sessions, to educate clients and generate leads. 

Referrals:
GEX Management relies on referrals from satisfied clients and industry contacts to generate new business. The company has developed strong
relationships with its clients by delivering high-quality services, which in turn has led to repeat business and referrals. 

Targeted
Advertising: GEX Management uses targeted advertising to reach specific audiences, such as private equity firms, venture capitalists,
and business owners. The company also uses account-based marketing (ABM) to focus its marketing efforts on specific target accounts and
decision-makers within those organizations. 

Sales
Approach: GEX Management s sales approach is focused on building long-term relationships with clients by delivering value and exceeding
expectations. The company employs a consultative sales approach, taking the time to understand clients unique needs and challenges
before proposing solutions. GEX Management s sales team consists of experienced professionals with deep industry knowledge and
expertise. 

GEX Management s marketing and
sales approach is designed to build brand awareness, generate leads, and build long-term relationships with clients. The company s
multi-faceted approach ensures that it reaches potential clients through various channels, while its consultative sales approach focuses
on delivering value and building trust with clients. 

9 

Industry
and Competitors 

GEX
Management operates in the management consulting industry, which is highly competitive and characterized by a large number of established
players as well as emerging niche firms. The industry is driven by demand for specialized consulting services that help organizations
improve performance, manage risks, and optimize operations. The primary customers of management consulting firms are businesses, government
agencies, and non-profit organizations. 

The
industry is highly fragmented, with many small firms offering specialized services to specific sectors or niches. However, larger consulting
firms such as McKinsey Company, Bain Company, and Boston Consulting Group dominate the market with their strong brand recognition,
global presence, and broad range of services. 

GEX
Management competes with a variety of consulting firms, ranging from large global consulting firms to small niche firms. The Company s
competitive advantage lies in its ability to offer a full spectrum of services across multiple industries, as well as its flexible and
adaptable approach to meeting client needs. 

To
remain competitive, GEX Management must continue to focus on developing and enhancing its expertise, technology capabilities, and client
relationships. The Company will need to remain agile in response to evolving industry trends and new competition, and continue to build
a strong brand and reputation in the market. 

Environmental
Concerns 

As
a professional services company, federal, state or local laws that regulate the discharge of materials into the environment do not impact
us. 

Other
Events 

The
occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations. A pandemic typically results
in social distancing, travel bans and quarantine, and this may limit access to our facilities, customers, management, support staff and
professional advisors. These factors, in turn, may not only impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our goods and services
but our overall ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event. In addition, at this time we cannot predict the impact
of COVID-19 on our ability to obtain financing necessary for the Company to fund its working capital requirements. Also, it may hamper
our efforts to comply with our filing obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

10 

Number
of Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022 we had 35 full time employees. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Corporate
Office 

As
of December 31, 2022, GEX s corporate offices were located at 3662 W. Camp Wisdom Road, Dallas, Texas 75237. 

Other
Property 

As
of December 31, 2022, GEX does not have interest in material assets involving real estate and fixed equipment. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

It
is possible that from time to time in the ordinary course of business we may be or we may have been involved in legal proceedings, lawsuits
or investigations, which could potentially have an adverse impact on our reputation, business and financial condition and divert the
attention of our management from the operation of our business. In the opinion of our Board of Directors, any such legal proceedings
or lawsuits that we have been involved with in the past or may be involved with are not expected to have a material adverse effect on
our financial situation or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

11 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is included in the OTC Pink Sheets, under the symbol GXXM. The table below summarizes the high and low closing sales prices
per share for our common stock for the periods indicated, as reported on OTC. These amounts have been adjusted to reflect the 4 for 3
stock split of our common stock effected on December 12, 2017 and the 1 for 10,000 reverse stock split of our common stock effected on
May 18 2020. The Company began trading on June 13, 2017 and therefore has no activity prior to the Quarter ended June 30, 2017. 

Quarter Ended 
 March 31, 
 June 30, 
 September 30, 
 December 31, 

Fiscal Year 2022 

High 
 0.006 
 0.0105 
 0.033 
 0.0007 
 
 Low 
 0.005 
 0.0095 
 0.0021 
 0.0005 

Fiscal Year 2021 

High 
 0.012 
 0.006 
 0.08 
 0.055 
 
 Low 
 0.008 
 0.005 
 0.06 
 0.043 

Fiscal Year 2020 

High 
 1.0 
 1.0 
 1.0 
 0.0620 
 
 Low 
 0.3 
 0.5 
 0.0260 
 0.0203 

Fiscal Year 2019 

High 
 0.002 
 0.0002 
 0.0001 
 0.0001 
 
 Low 
 0.0016 
 0.0001 
 0.0001 
 0.0001 

Fiscal Year 2018 

High 
 3.48 
 1.86 
 1.15 
 0.212 
 
 Low 
 3.408 
 1.50 
 1.15 
 0.212 

Fiscal Year 2017 

High 
 
 8.60 
 10.50 
 8.25 
 
 Low 
 
 1.40 
 6.02 
 3.41 

Shareholders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 86 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shareholders for
whom shares were held in nominee or street name. 

Dividends 

No
Dividends were declared for the Fiscal year 2021. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required to report selected financial data. 

12 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Our
Business 

GEX
Management is a management consulting and technology business services company providing client employers and their employees with a
broad portfolio of related products and services. We provide both long and short-term consulting solution services, including enterprise
strategy and technology consulting, enterprise project management; and Human Capital Management (HCM) solution capabilities. 

Business
Operations 

GEX
Management works continuously to expand its service offerings to its clients in order to assist them to achieve their respective business
goals. Our unique and tailored approach, coupled with an ever-expanding array of services, has significantly differentiated the Company
from competitors. GEX likewise distinguished itself in the market via accessible and exceptional client support ensuring that we will
not only gain new clients but will retain those we currently have, resulting in long-term sustainability. Clients typically initiate
service by means of a three-month agreement with the Company. The contract thereby automatically renews until terminated with a 30-day
notice by either party. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
Company s financial statements were prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. As such, management
is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that they believe are reasonable based upon the information available.
These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of income and expense during the periods presented. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Management
Consulting Services 

GEX
Management recognizes revenue for its management consulting services in accordance with ASC 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 

Revenue
is recognized when control of the services is transferred to the client and the consideration for the services is expected to be collected.
Control is transferred when the client is able to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the benefits from the services provided. 

The
revenue recognized is based on the transaction price, which is the amount of consideration that GEX expects to be entitled to in exchange
for providing the services. The transaction price is determined based on the estimated costs to complete the project, as well as the
estimated profit margin on the project. 

GEX
Management typically enters into contracts with clients that specify the scope of services to be provided, the time period for which
the services will be provided, and the fees for the services. Revenue is recognized over the period during which the services are provided,
generally on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. 

If
there are any changes to the scope of the services or the fees for the services, GEX Management will assess whether these changes constitute
a modification of the original contract. If a modification is deemed to exist, GEX will reassess the transaction price and adjust the
revenue recognized accordingly. 

GEX
Management also considers any variable consideration, such as performance bonuses or penalties, when recognizing revenue. If the amount
of variable consideration cannot be estimated reliably, it will be excluded from the transaction price until it can be reliably estimated. 

In
summary, GEX Management recognizes revenue for its management consulting services in accordance with ASC 606, based on the transfer of
control of services to the client and the expected consideration to be collected. Revenue is recognized over the period during which
the services are provided and is adjusted for any changes in scope or fees. 

All
employees are completely vetted by the company to ensure their employment terms are in adherence to all applicable state. federal and
immigration laws. Additionally, GEX Management carries professional liability and fidelity/crime insurance to protect against risks involving
working at third party client locations that require the workers to handle sensitive client data and equipment. 

13 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

During
fiscal year 2022, GEX Management, Inc. achieved significant revenue growth, with total revenue increasing from 1,301,949 in fiscal year
2021 to 2,270,535 in 2022, representing a year-over-year growth rate of approximately 74 . This growth was driven by several factors,
including an expanding client base, increased project volume, and the successful execution of strategic initiatives. 

Expanding
Client Base 

One
of the key drivers of GEX Management s revenue growth was an expanding client base. The company was successful in attracting new
clients across a range of industries, including technology, healthcare, and financial services. This was due in part to the company s
strong reputation for delivering high-quality consulting services, as well as its ability to provide customized solutions tailored to
each client s unique needs. 

Increased
Project Volume 

GEX
Management also experienced increased project volume during the fiscal year, which contributed to the company s overall revenue
growth. This was due in part to the company s ability to efficiently manage projects and deliver high-quality results to its clients.
The company was successful in leveraging its expertise across a range of consulting services, including business transformation, technology
consulting, and operational improvement, to deliver value to its clients and generate new business opportunities. 

Successful
Execution of Strategic Initiatives 

Finally,
GEX Management s revenue growth was driven by the successful execution of strategic initiatives. This included the development
and launch of a proprietary AI-powered technology platform, which enhanced the company s ability to deliver customized solutions
to its clients and differentiate itself from competitors. Additionally, the company continued to invest in talent development and training
programs, which enabled it to attract and retain high-quality consulting professionals. 

Looking
forward, GEX Management remains committed to driving growth and delivering value to its clients. The company is well-positioned to continue
expanding its client base and increasing project volume, leveraging its expertise across a range of consulting services. Additionally,
the company is focused on continuing to invest in its technology platform and talent development programs to ensure it remains at the
forefront of the consulting industry and can continue delivering innovative solutions to its clients. 

Overall,
GEX Management s fiscal year 2022 was marked by significant revenue growth, driven by expanding client base, increased project
volume, and successful execution of strategic initiatives. The company remains committed to driving growth and delivering value to its
clients, and is well-positioned to continue expanding its business and establishing itself as a leader in the consulting industry. 

Cost
of Services and Gross Profit 

During
fiscal year 2022, GEX Management, Inc. experienced a significant increase in its cost of revenue, which rose from 494,865 in fiscal
year 2021 to 1,132,416 in 2022. This increase in cost of revenue impacted the company s gross margin, which decreased from 62 
in fiscal year 2021 to 50.2 in fiscal year 2022. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily driven by several factors, including
higher personnel costs, increased project volume, and investments in technology and infrastructure. 

Higher
Personnel Costs 

One
of the primary drivers of the increase in cost of revenue was higher personnel costs. GEX Management continued to invest in its talent
development programs and initiatives aimed at attracting and retaining high-quality consulting professionals. As a result, the company
incurred higher salaries and benefits expenses, as well as increased costs related to recruiting and training new employees. 

Increased
Project Volume 

GEX
Management also experienced increased project volume during the fiscal year, which contributed to the increase in cost of revenue. This
was due in part to the company s ability to efficiently manage projects and deliver high-quality results to its clients. However,
as project volume increased, the company also incurred higher expenses related to project management and delivery, including travel,
supplies, and other project-related costs. 

14 

Investments
in Technology and Infrastructure 

Finally,
GEX Management also invested heavily in technology and infrastructure during the fiscal year, which contributed to the increase in
cost of revenue. The company has been developing a proprietary AI-powered technology platform, which required
significant investment in research and development, as well as ongoing maintenance and support costs. Additionally, the company
invested in upgrading its infrastructure and systems to support its growing business operations and expanding client
base. 

Looking
forward, GEX Management remains committed to investing in its people, processes, and technology to drive growth and deliver value to
its clients. While the increase in cost of revenue impacted the company s gross margin during the fiscal year, the company believes
that these investments are necessary to support its continued growth and success in the consulting industry. 

Overall,
GEX Management s fiscal year 2022 was marked by a significant increase in cost of revenue, driven by higher personnel costs, increased
project volume, and investments in technology and infrastructure. While these factors impacted the company s gross margin, GEX
Management remains committed to investing in its business to drive growth and deliver value to its clients. 

Operating
Expense 

During
fiscal year 2022, GEX Management, Inc. experienced a significant decrease in its general and administrative (G A) expenses, which
declined from 6,067,833 in fiscal year 2021 to 1,467,457 in 2022. This decrease in operating expenses was primarily driven by several
factors, including improved cost management, streamlining of business processes, and reduced marketing and advertising expenses. 

Improved
Cost Management 

One
of the primary drivers of the decrease in G A expenses was improved cost management. GEX Management focused on optimizing its operational
processes, identifying areas of inefficiency, and implementing cost-saving measures. This led to a reduction in expenses related to rent,
utilities, office supplies, and other general business expenses. 

Streamlining
of Business Processes 

Another
factor contributing to the decrease in G A expenses was the streamlining of business processes. GEX Management implemented new software
tools and systems to automate and streamline administrative tasks, reducing the need for manual labor and streamlining operations. This
led to a reduction in expenses related to personnel costs and administrative overhead. 

Reduced
Marketing and Advertising Expenses 

Finally,
GEX Management also reduced its marketing and advertising expenses during the fiscal year, which contributed to the decrease in G A
expenses. The company focused on leveraging its existing network and client base to generate new business, reducing the need for expensive
marketing campaigns and other promotional activities. 

Looking
forward, GEX Management remains committed to optimizing its cost structure and improving operational efficiency to drive profitability
and growth. The company will continue to invest in technology and systems to automate and streamline administrative tasks, reducing the
need for manual labor and lowering administrative overhead. Additionally, the company will continue to focus on leveraging its existing
client base and network to generate new business, reducing the need for expensive marketing campaigns and other promotional activities. 

Overall,
GEX Management s fiscal year 2022 was marked by a significant decrease in G A expenses, driven by improved cost management,
streamlining of business processes, and reduced marketing and advertising expenses. The company remains committed to optimizing its cost
structure and improving operational efficiency to drive profitability and growth, while continuing to focus on delivering high-quality
consulting services to its clients. 

15 

Net
Loss 

During
fiscal year 2022, GEX Management, Inc. experienced a significant decrease in its net loss, which declined from 6,208,977 in fiscal year
2021 to 1,125,342 in 2022. This decrease in net loss was primarily driven by several factors, including increased revenue, improved cost
management, and a reduction in operating expenses. 

Increased
Revenue 

One
of the primary drivers of the decrease in net loss was an increase in revenue. GEX Management was able to significantly expand its revenue
from 1,301,949 in fiscal year 2021 to 2,270,535 in 2022, driven by increased demand for its consulting services and expansion into
new markets. This increase in revenue helped to offset the company s operating expenses, leading to a reduction in net loss. 

Improved
Cost Management 

Another
factor contributing to the decrease in net loss was improved cost management. GEX Management focused on optimizing its operational processes,
identifying areas of inefficiency, and implementing cost-saving measures. This led to a reduction in expenses related to rent, utilities,
office supplies, and other general business expenses. Additionally, the company implemented new software tools and systems to automate
and streamline administrative tasks, reducing the need for manual labor and streamlining operations. 

Reduction
in Operating Expenses 

Finally,
GEX Management also saw a significant reduction in its operating expenses during the fiscal year, which contributed to the decrease in
net loss. The company was able to reduce its general and administrative (G A) expenses considerably
in 2022, primarily due to improved cost management and streamlining of business processes. 

Looking
forward, GEX Management remains committed to driving revenue growth, improving cost management, and reducing operating expenses to drive
profitability and growth. The company will continue to focus on delivering high-quality consulting services to its clients, while optimizing
its cost structure and improving operational efficiency to drive profitability and growth. 

Overall,
GEX Management s fiscal year 2022 was marked by a significant decrease in net loss, driven by increased revenue, improved cost
management, and a reduction in operating expenses. The company remains committed to driving profitability and growth by delivering high-quality
consulting services to its clients, while optimizing its cost structure and improving operational efficiency. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The
Company has identified several potential financing sources in order to raise the capital necessary to fund operations through December
31, 2023. Management had in the past taken short term working capital loans against future receivables in order to timely fund the growth
of the company. Management has eliminated this past practice and currently relies on other traditional and non-traditional debt instruments
primarily in the form of convertible notes as well as is exploring various other alternatives including debt and equity financing vehicles,
strategic partnerships, government programs that may be available to the Company, as well as trying to generate additional sales and
increase margins. However, at this time the Company has no commitments to obtain any additional funds, and there can be no assurance
such funds will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funding, the Company s
financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the Company may not be able to continue operations. 

Additionally,
even if the Company raises sufficient capital through additional equity or debt financing, strategic alternatives or otherwise, there
can be no assurances that the revenue or capital infusion will be sufficient to enable it to develop its business to a level where it
will be profitable or generate positive cash flow. If the Company incurs additional debt, a substantial portion of its operating cash
flow may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness, thus limiting funds available for business activities.
The terms of any debt securities issued could also impose significant restrictions on the Company s operations. Broad market and
industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance, and may adversely
impact our ability to raise additional funds. Similarly, if the Company s common stock is delisted from the public exchange markets,
it may limit its ability to raise additional funds. 

In
addition, at this time we cannot predict the impact of COVID-19 on our ability to obtain financing necessary for the Company to fund
its working capital requirements. 

16 

A
summary of our cash flows for the twelve months ended December 31, was as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (6,615,976 
 (4,501,364 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 6,348,521 
 1,550,357 
 
 Net increase(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (267,455 
 341,197 

Net
cash in operating activities was a use of 6,615,976 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 4,501,364 cash in
operating activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in operating activities was in part due
to the Company focusing on significantly expanding the business development effort, streamlined operating costs, marketed high margin
customer contracts, deployed business acquisition capital and rationalizing expenses to support long term growth. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities of 6,348,521 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was primarily from debt /debt like
instruments in the balance sheet. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 0. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2017 had been audited by Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah (a d/b/a of Heaton
 Company, PLLC, Heaton Co independent registered public accountants. 

On
August 21, 2019, the Board of Directors of GEX Management, Inc (the Company approved the engagement of Slack and Company,
LLC Slack Co. as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December
31, 2018. 

On
January 15, 2020, the Board of Directors of GEX Management, Inc (the Company approved the re-engagement of Slack and Company,
LLC Slack Co. as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December
31, 2019. 

On
January 15, 2021, the Board of Directors of GEX Management, Inc (the Company approved the re-engagement of Slack and Company,
LLC Slack Co. as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December
31, 2020. 

On
January 15, 2022, the Board of Directors of GEX Management, Inc (the Company approved the engagement of Hudgens CPA Hudgens as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

On
January 15, 2023, the Board of Directors of GEX Management, Inc (the Company approved the re-engagement of Hudgens CPA Hudgens as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no (1) disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K and related instructions) with Hudgens on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing
scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Hudgens, would have caused Hudgens to make reference
to the subject matter of the disagreement in their reports, or (2) reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K).
The audit reports of Hudgens on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December
31 2021, did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope
or accounting principles. 

The
Company has provided Hudgens with a copy of the disclosures it is making in this Current Report on Form 10-K prior to its filing with
the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC 

17 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In
accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15a-15, the management of GEX Management Inc, with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring
that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, was recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

In
addition, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our
management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that material information
about the company is made known to them by others within our organization, particularly during the period in which this report was being
prepared. 

However,
any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the system are met. Further, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls and procedures is subject to various risks and uncertainties,
including the risk that controls or procedures may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. As a result, management s evaluation of controls and procedures is subject
to the risk that controls or procedures may not be effective in detecting or preventing misstatements in financial or other information. 

Mana g ement s
Annual Re p ort on Internal Control Over Financial Re p ortin g 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision
of our Chief Executive Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022, the Company determined that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses under COSO and SEC rules are,
as described below: 

(1)
lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of independent directors on the Company s board of directors, resulting
in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; and (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. The aforementioned potential material weaknesses
were identified by the Company s Chief Executive Officer in connection with the preparation of our financial statements as of December
31, 2022 and communicated the matters to our management and board of directors. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

18 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table lists the names and ages of the executive officers and directors a of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Held
 Since 
 
 Sri
 Vanamali 
 
 41 
 
 President,
 CEO CFO 
 
 October
 2022 
 
 3662
 W. Camp Wisdom Road 

Dallas,
 Texas 75237 

Joseph
 Frontiere 
 
 33 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 2021 
 
 Dallas,
 Texas 75237 

Shaheed
 Bailey 
 
 36 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 2018 
 
 3662
 W. Camp Wisdom Road 

Dallas,
 TX 75237 

Srikumar
Vanamali, age 41, is an experienced post-MBA executive with close to 20 years of top-tier, diverse experience in strategy and technology
consulting, compliance consulting investment banking and professional business services. Mr. Vanamali has been leading the Company s
Corporate Strategy functions since June 2018. Prior to that, from January 2017 through May 2018, he worked as a private equity principal
and an investment banker at NMS Capital, a L.A.-based firm focusing on capital markets and M A. Before joining NMS Capital, he was
a Management Consultant for Sharp Decisions Inc, a business services company through which he provided consulting services to Toyota
Financial Services from November 2014 through December 2016. Prior to this, he was a Consultant and Technology Lead at Infosys, a global
consulting firm, from November 2003 through June 2012. Mr. Vanamali earned a Bachelor s in Engineering, Computer Science from the
University of Madras, in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, in 2003, and an MBA from UCLA Anderson School of Management, in Los Angeles, California,
in 2014. In October 2022, Mr. Vanamali became the Chief Executive Officer of GEX Management, Inc. Prior to that, he served in the role
of President of GEX Management from July 2021 till October 2022. Prior to that, he served as the Chief Executive Officer and Executive
Director for GEX Management, Inc., from October 2018 till July 2021. 

Joseph
Frontiere, age 33, had been serving as Director of the Company since July 2021. Prior to that, from July 2021 to October 2022, he
served as CEO of GEX Management. Prior to that, from June 2010 through September 2012, he served as a CEO of Lorde Global, a company
that provided strategic consulting services. 

Shaheed
Bailey, age 35, had been serving as Managing Partner of Greenpoint Capital Partners., a private equity firm that helps middle market
companies raise equity/debt capital and locate strategic and value strategic acquisitions, and provides consulting for cost cutting,
tax savings and growth strategies since October 2012. Prior to that, from June 2010 through September 2012, he served as a Sales Consultant/Partner
for Sales Consultants of Morris County, a company that provided strategic consulting services. Before joining Sales Consultants of Morris
County, he was a Private Banker with Wells Fargo Bank from July 2008 through April 2010. In October 2018, Mr. Bailey became the Interim
Chief Investment Officer and Director for GEX Management, Inc., and currently serves as a Director. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires our executive officers and directors,
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

We
believe that as of the date of this report they were all current in their 16(a) reports. 

19 

Board
of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors currently consists of three members. Our Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that there are currently
no independent directors serving on our board. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Audit
Committee 

We
do not have a standing audit committee of the Board of Directors. Management has determined not to establish an audit committee at present
because of our limited resources and limited operating activities do not warrant the formation of an audit committee or the expense of
doing so. We do not have a financial expert serving on the Board of Directors or employed as an officer based on management s belief
that the cost of obtaining the services of a person who meets the criteria for a financial expert under Item 401(e) of Regulation S is
beyond its limited financial resources and the financial skills of such an expert are simply not required or necessary for us to maintain
effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting in light of the limited scope and simplicity of accounting issues
raised in its financial statements at this stage of its development. 

Governance ,
 Compensation and Nominatin g Committee 

We
do not have a standing governance, compensation and nominating committee of the Board of Directors. Management has determined not to
establish governance, compensation and nominating committee at present because of our limited resources and limited operations do not
warrant such a committee or the expense of doing so. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted the following code of ethics for officers, directors and employees: 

-
 
 Show
 respect towards others in the workplace 
 
 -
 
 Conduct
 all business activities in a fair and ethical manner 
 
 - 
 Work
 dutifully and responsibly for the Company s shareholders and stakeholders 

Limitation
of Liability of Directors 

Pursuant
to the Texas Business Organizations Code, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation exclude personal liability for our Directors
for monetary damages based upon any violation of their fiduciary duties as Directors, except as to liability for any breach of the duty
of loyalty, acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or any transaction
from which a Director receives an improper personal benefit. This exclusion of liability does not limit any right which a Director may
have to be indemnified and does not affect any Director s liability under federal or applicable state securities laws. 

Legal
Proceedings 

During
the past ten years, none of our current directors, executive officers or persons nominated to become directors or executive officers: 

(1)
A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at
or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at
or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(2)
Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
and other minor offenses); 

20 

(3)
Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(i)
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

(ii)
Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

(iii)
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

(4)
Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State
authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described
in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5)
Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or
vacated; 

(6)
Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(7)
Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

(i)
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

(ii)
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or 

(iii)
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8)
Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has
disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

21 

Material
Changes to the Procedures by which Security Holders May Recommend Nominees 

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the registrants Board of Directors. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Com p ensation
of Executive Officers 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid
by us during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 in all capacities for the accounts of our executives, including the Chief Executive
Officer CEO ): 

The
following officers received the following compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022. These officers have employment contracts
with the Company. 

Name
 and principal position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 

Bonus 
 
 Stock 

 Awards 
 
 Option 

 Awards 
 
 Non-equity 
 incentive 

 plan 
 compensation 
 
 Nonqualified 
 deferred 

 compensation 
 
 All
 other 
 compensation 

Sri
 Vanamali, 
 
 2022 

200,000 

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 President,
 CEO 
 
 2021 

200,000 

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Em p lo y ment
A g reements 

We
have employment agreements in place with each of the above referenced officers of the Company. 

22 

Com p ensation
of Directors 

Directors
do not receive any compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to establish the compensation
of directors. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, directors in such capacity. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table lists the number of shares of Common Stock of our Company and, with respect to our officers, directors and principal
stockholder, shares of our Super Voting Preferred Stock, as of May 14, 2020 that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity
known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding Common Stock; (ii) each officer and director of our
Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of Common Stock and Super Voting
Preferred Stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial
ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial
owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security,
or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial
owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within sixty (60) days. Under the rules of the
SEC, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial
owner of securities as to which he/she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting
and investment power. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power
with respect to the shares. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock held by them. 

Name of Stockholder 
 Number of 
 Shares of Common 
 Stock 
 Number of 
 Super 
Voting 
 Preferred 
 Stock 
 Number of 
Votes Held 
 by Common Stockholders 
 Percentage 
 of Voting 
Equity (1)(3) 
 
 Sri Vanamali 
 0 
 800,000 
 0 
 51.0 
 
 Total 
 0 
 800,000 
 0 
 51.0 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
Company does not have any related party transactions at this time. 

The
Company does not have any independent directors serving on the Board of Directors. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees incurred for professional services rendered by our auditors, for the audit of our annual financial statements and review
of the financial statements included in our Form S-1, Form 10-K and Form 10-Q or services 

 that
are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 15,000. 

Audit
Related Fees 

None. 

Tax
Fees 

None. 

All
Other Fees 

None. 

23 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibits 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1

Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on April 17, 2023. 

GEX
 Management, Inc. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Sri Vanamali 

Sri
 Vanamali 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Name 
 
 Title

Date 

By:
 
 /s/
 Sri Vanamali 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 April
17, 2023 

Sri
 Vanamali 

25 

GEX
MANAGEMENT, INC. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 27 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 28 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 29 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 30 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 31 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 32 

26 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 GEX
Management, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of GEX Management, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statement
of operations, shareholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We have
determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/

www.hudgenscpas.com 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April
 15, 2023 

27 

GEX
Management, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets and prepaids 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Related party payables 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest payable 
 - 

Convertible notes payable, net 

Settlement Payable 
 - 

Line of credit related party 

Notes Payable 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Shareholders Deficit 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 there were and issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional Paid-In-Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

28 

GEX
Management, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations Years Ended 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Total Operating Loss 

Other Income (Expense) 

Gain (loss) on Extinguishment of Debt 
 - 

Interest Expense 

Credit charges and debt adjustments 

Other Income (Expense) 

Net Other Income (Expense) 

Net Loss 

Income per common share: 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted 

Weighted Average Shares: 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

29 

GEX
Management, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common 
 
 Additional Paid-In- 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance December 31, 2019 

Shares issued for services 

- 

Shares issued of for debt conversions 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Shares issued for warrants 

- 

Issuance of Common Shares for Debt Conversions 

- 

Net Loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance
 , value 

Shares issued for warrants 

- 

Issuance of Common Shares for Debt Conversions 

- 

Net Loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

)) 
 
 Balance , value 

)) 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

30 

GEX
Management, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flow 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 - 

Gain/loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Change in Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts Receivable 

Other Current Assets 

Other Assets 

Related Party Payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued Interest Payable 

Net Cash Used by Operating Activities 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental Disclosures: 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Common Shares Issued for Debt Conversions 

Beneficial conversion feature 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

31 

GEX
Management, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
September 23, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
September 24, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
September 25, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
September 29, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
October 16, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
November 2, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 3, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 8, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 10, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 10, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 14, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 15, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 17, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 21, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 15, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 24, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 24, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 28, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 29, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 30, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

On
December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversion. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock to service providers. The shares were valued at the
closing market price on their respective grant dates for a total value of . 

In
January 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversions. 

In
February 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversions. 

In
March 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to a convertible note conversions. 

In
April 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
May 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
June 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
July 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
August 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
September 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
December 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
January 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
February 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
March 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
April 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
July 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
August 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
September 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
November 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

In
December 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible notes. 

, bearing interest at per annum. The total amounts
of the Notes that can be funded (consideration that can be loaned to the Company) is up to , after discounts of prorated
over the term of the Notes. Amounts borrowed by the Company mature in twelve months after the date of funding and can be prepaid up to
six months after issuance subject to prepayment penalties and approval by the Note holders. Any amounts outstanding on the Notes can
be converted into Common Stock at a conversion price of per share for the first six months and at a discount of up to thereafter
to the then current market value of the Company s stock commencing six months after issuance. Conversion is at the sole discretion
of the holders of the Notes. In May 2018, the Company borrowed under the Notes, and received after giving effect to
discounts of for each note and origination fees. The Company incurred a total of related to origination fees on the Notes.
Additionally, the Company issued warrant shares for debt issuance costs at an exercise price of per share. The warrants
are exercisable for and had a fair market value of on the date of issuance. The Notes bear interest at per annum.
On April 26, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. 

On
April 26, 2018, the Company entered into two Securities Purchase Agreements, pursuant to which the Company issued Convertible Promissory
Notes the Notes with principal amounts totaling up to , bearing interest at per annum. The total amounts
of the Notes that can be funded (consideration that can be loaned to the Company) is up to , after discounts of prorated
over the term of the Notes. Amounts borrowed by the Company mature in twelve months after the date of funding and can be prepaid up to
six months after issuance subject to prepayment penalties and approval by the Note holders. Any amounts outstanding on the Notes can
be converted into Common Stock at a conversion price of per share for the first six months and at a discount of up to thereafter
to the then current market value of the Company s stock commencing six months after issuance. Conversion is at the sole discretion
of the holders of the Notes. In May 2018, the Company borrowed under the Notes, and received after giving effect to
discounts of for each note and origination fees. The Company incurred a total of related to origination fees on the Notes.
Additionally, the Company issued warrant shares for debt issuance costs at an exercise price of per share. The warrants
are exercisable for five years and had a fair market value of on the date of issuance. The Notes bear interest at per annum.
On April 26, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal
and interest is due on . 

On
April 26, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and
interest is due on . On August 1, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest
at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . 

On
August 8, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and
interest is due on . On August 14, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest
at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On August 24, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible note payable
for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On August 29, 2018, the Company
entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On January 18 2019, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal
and interest is due on . On February 15, 2019, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest
at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On April 16, 2019, the Company entered into a convertible note
payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On March 25, 2019, the Company
entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On September 27, 2019, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal
and interest is due on . On October 12, 2019, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing
interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On February 8, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible
note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On March 19, 2021,
the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due
on . On April 20, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum.
All principal and interest is due on . On June 9, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for 
bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On June 9, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible
note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On June 25, 2021, the
Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on
 . On August 6, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum.
All principal and interest is due on . On August 9, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for 
bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On August 10, 2021, the Company entered into
a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On
August 20, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal
and interest is due on . On September 1, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing
interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On September 1, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible
note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due on . On September 2, 2021,
the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per annum. All principal and interest is due
on . On September 9, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note payable for bearing interest at per
annum. All principal and interest is due on . 

. This line of credit has a balance
of at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. On May 2, 2018, this line of credit was extended to April 1, 2020.
On September 1, 2018, the line of credit was extended to September 1, 2020. On September 1, 2021, the line of credit was extended to
September 1, 2023. 

The
Company owed a director of the Company and for reimbursable expenses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively. 

. The amount is recorded on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2021,
and December 31, 2020. The Company paid the full amount due under the judgement during fiscal year 2022. 

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1/31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT AND RULE 13A-14(A) 

 OR
15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
Sri Vanamali, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GEX Management, Inc. 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Sri Vanamali 

Sri
 Vanamali 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1/32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of GEX Management, Inc. (the Company ), for the financial year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sri Vanamali, Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sri Vanamali 

Name:
 
 Sri
 Vanamali 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gxxm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gxxm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gxxm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gxxm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

