<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1857803_0001140361-23-018688.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4795568</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>459993</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>880338</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1064434</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1239671</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>958403</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-018688.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-018688
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DP Cap Acquisition Corp I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001857803
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41041
		FILM NUMBER:		23824616

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MARINA PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 874-5152

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MARINA PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-018688.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 brhc10051074_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM 
 TO

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

N/A 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:

+1 ) 

Title of Each Class:

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered:

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
 to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
 period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
 Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
 correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
 executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the
 Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, was approximately 
 (based on the closing price of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares on that date as reported on Nasdaq).

As of April 10, 2023, there were of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and of the Registrant s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding.

Table of Contents 

Page

PART I 

2

Item 1.

Business 

2

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

10 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

47

Item 2.

Properties. 

47

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings. 

47

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

47

PART II 

48

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

48

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

49

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

49

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

54 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

55 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

74 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures. 

74 

Item 9B.

Other Information. 

75 

Item 9C.

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

75 

PART III 

76 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

76 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation. 

84 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

84 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

86 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

88

PART IV 

89

Item 15.

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

89

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

90 

Signatures 

91 

i 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS

References to the Company, our, us or we refer to DP Cap Acquisition Corp I, a blank check company incorporated on April 8, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our
 Sponsor refer to DP Investment Management Sponsor I LLC. References to our Public Offering refer to the initial public offering of DP Cap Acquisition Corp I which closed on November 12, 2021 (the Close Date ).

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for this fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend
 such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our ability to
 identify and select a business combination target, our ability to successfully enter into and complete a business combination and our business strategy and plan, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, seek, should, strive, would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of
 these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. When we discuss our strategies or plans, we are making projections, forecasts or forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the beliefs of, as well as assumptions
 made by and information currently available to, our management. Actual results and shareholders value will be affected by a variety of risks and factors, including, without limitation, international, national and local economic conditions,
 merger, acquisition and Business Combination risks, financing risks, geo-political risks, acts of terror or war, and those risk factors described under Summary of Risk Factors and Risk Factors each under Item 1A. of Part I, Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of Part II, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Many of the risks and factors that will determine these results and shareholders value are beyond
 our ability to control or predict.

All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to
 any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law. All subsequent written
 or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.

1 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Introduction

We are a blank check company incorporated on April 8, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset
 acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). We have reviewed, and continue to review, a number of opportunities to enter into a
 Business Combination with an operating business, but we are not able to determine at this time whether we will complete a Business Combination with any of the target businesses that we have reviewed or with any other target business. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenue to date. Based on our business activities, we are a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

On May 13, 2021, Data Point Capital III, LP, Data Point Capital III-Q, LP (together with Data Point Capital III, LP, the Funds and our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary
 shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share. At December 31, 2022, our Sponsor and the Funds (collectively, the Initial Shareholders held, collectively,
 5,750,000 Founder Shares.

On the Close Date, we consummated an initial public offering of 23,000,000 units (the Units ), which included the exercise in full of the underwriter s option to purchase an additional 3,000,000
 Units at the Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, at a price of 10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of 230.0 million before underwriting discounts and expenses (the Public Offering ). Each Unit consists of one Class A
 ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an
 exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Only whole Public Warrants may be exercised and no fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants may be traded.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 4,733,333 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the Public Warrants,
 the Warrants ), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, to our Sponsor, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the
 completion of a Business Combination; provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public
 Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or holders are permitted to
 exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances as a result of our failure to have an effective registration statement by the 60th business day after the closing of the Business Combination), and will expire five
 years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Alternatively, if we do not complete a Business Combination by May 12, 2023, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, pursuant to the Sponsor s promissory note (the Sponsor Note ), the Sponsor loaned 4.6 million to us at no interest. The proceeds of the
 Sponsor Loan were deposited into the Trust Account (as defined below) and will be repaid or converted into warrants (the Sponsor Loan Warrants at a conversion price of 1.50 per Sponsor Loan Warrant, at the Sponsor s discretion and at any time
 until the consummation of the Business Combination. The Sponsor Loan Warrants are identical to the Private Placement Warrants.

2 

Table of Contents 

We received gross proceeds from the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and the Sponsor Loan of 230.0 million, 7.1 million and 4.6 million, respectively, for an aggregate
 of 241.7 million. Upon the closing of the Public Offering, a total of 234.6 million, comprised of 225.4 million of the proceeds from the Public Offering (which amount includes 8.05 million of the underwriter s deferred discounts and
 commissions), 4.6 million of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and 4.6 million of the proceeds from the Sponsor Loan, were deposited in a Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company (the Trust
 Account and 2.5 million of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was deposited in our operating account for future working capital expenditures. At the Close Date, we paid 4.6 million in underwriting discounts and
 commissions and 498,152 for other offering costs related to the Public Offering. In addition, the underwriter agreed to defer 8.05 million in underwriting discounts and commissions. In the future, a portion of interest income on the funds held
 in the Trust Account may be released to us to pay tax obligations.

On December 23, 2021, we announced that the holders of our Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants included in the Units commencing on December 30, 2021
 on The Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbols DPCS and DPCSW, respectively. Those Units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol DPCSU. 

Our Business Strategy

We believe that our management team and our seasoned team of executives (the Industry Advisors ), including Scott Savitz, Lars Albright, Diane Hessan, Leonard Schlesinger, Jason Krantz, Jason
 Robins, Peggy Koenig, and Mark McWeeny, track record of identifying and sourcing transactions positions us well to appropriately evaluate potential business combinations and select a business combination target that will be well received by the
 public markets. Additionally, we believe that Data Point Capital s Data Point extensive experience in building businesses, sourcing deals, investing in and serving on the boards of companies, and numerous successful exits further increases
 the chances of successfully identifying a quality business where we can employ our best practices to improve performance and value creation. Our sourcing process leverages our extensive relationships as well as the extensive networks of our
 Industry Advisors, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities.

Our business strategy is focused on the identification and completion of a Business Combination with a company that can benefit from the strategic and transactional experience of our Sponsor,
 management team, and Industry Advisors to catalyze and enhance the company, thereby creating shareholder value. We have chosen Industry Advisors with specific connectivity and experience in our core tech-enabled consumer and technology sectors.
 Further, we believe that examining target opportunities with the support of our Industry Advisors will increase the likelihood of finding an acquisition target that will lead to greater shareholder value creation.

Our Industry Advisors have been chief executive officers, senior executives, and board members of public and private tech-enabled consumer and technology companies. We believe the Industry Advisors
 will enhance our value proposition to potential business combination partners given their collective expertise, operational and strategic capabilities, and track record in their respective sectors. Our Industry Advisors have experience in:

Founding companies that have scaled into large, successful businesses;

Operating companies, setting and changing strategies and capital allocation, and identifying, monitoring and recruiting world-class talent;

Acquiring and integrating companies;

Developing and growing companies, both organically and through acquisitions and strategic transactions and expanding the product range and geographic footprint of businesses;

Sourcing, structuring, and selling businesses;

Accessing the capital markets, including financing businesses and helping companies transition to public ownership; and

Engaging with public market analysts and investors to help companies better communicate their business model, opportunity and strategy to maximize value for their shareholders.

3 

Table of Contents 

Our Competitive Strengths

We believe we have the following competitive strengths which position us favorably to identify an attractive business combination candidate:

Proven Ability to Acquire, Build and Successfully Exit Tech-enabled Consumer and Technology Businesses

Our management team and Industry Advisors have extensive operating experience and have demonstrated the ability to scale businesses in the tech-enabled consumer and technology sectors. Members of
 our management team and Industry Advisors have served as founders, executives, advisors, investors and board members to companies across all stages of business lifecycles and have managed companies and investment strategies across numerous
 markets and economic cycles. For example, Scott Savitz, our Chairman, founded Shoebuy.com in 1999 and served as CEO through its sale to InterActive Corporation. Under his guidance, Shoebuy grew into one of the largest online retailers in the
 country, with over 1 million products and 3.5 billion in inventory available for sale, serving over 8 million visitors a month. Our management team, Board members, and Industry Advisors have a long and successful track record of building
 companies to successful exits and/or strategic investments, including: Brightcove (NASDAQ: BCOV), CLYPD sale to AT T, Communispace sale to Omnicom, Definitive Healthcare (NASDAQ: DH), DraftKings IPO via a SPAC (NASDAQ: DKNG), Eastern Bank
 (NASDAQ: EBC), m-Qube sale to VeriSign, Paintzen sale to PPG Industries, Panera Bread, Quattro Wireless sale to Apple, Restoration Hardware (NYSE: RH), SessionM sale to MasterCard and Shoebuy.com sale to InterActive Corporation.

Deep Domain Expertise in Target Markets and Ability to Identify Compelling Business Models

While we may pursue a transaction in any sector, we believe that the tech-enabled consumer and technology sectors are poised for continued significant growth driven by innovation and disruption. We
 have the right experience for consummating a business combination in these sectors. Our management team, Industry Advisors, and independent directors have held senior executive roles, including as CEOs, sat on the board of directors, or invested
 in the following companies in our target sectors:

Tech-enabled Consumer: Shoebuy.com; DraftKings; Rue Gilt Groupe; Restoration Hardware; Eastern Bank; Resident; Rent the Runway; CABA Design; Monument; FlexCar; CoachUp; Blitsy; and
 Paintzen.

Technology: SessionM; Communispace; Definitive Healthcare; Infinata; CLYPD; Returnalyze; Reblaze; Vee24; UpShift; Brightcove; Yieldify; Jebbit; Aperio; Black Kite; JobGet; connectRN;
 Quattro Wireless; and Raptor Maps.

This depth of experience provides us with significant deal flow, market insights, pattern recognition, and a well-established reputation within the target sectors.

Diverse Network of Entrepreneurs and Industry Advisors Bring Operating Expertise and Will Generate Attractive Investment Opportunities

We believe that our management team and Industry Advisors track record of identifying and sourcing investment candidates positions us well to efficiently evaluate numerous potential business
 combinations and select a business combination target that will be well received by the public markets. Our sourcing process leverages our management teams and Industry Advisors extensive relationships in the entrepreneurial ecosystem including
 management teams of private and public companies, venture capital sponsors, private equity sponsors, other public investors, investment bankers, lenders, restructuring advisers, attorneys, accountants, and other consultants and intermediaries. In
 addition, we deploy a proactive sourcing strategy to identify companies where we believe the combination of our collective operating experience, relationships, capital, and capital markets expertise can be catalysts to transform a target company
 and create value for our shareholders. The combination of these deal sources is likely to lead to potential business combination opportunities and the evaluation capabilities of our affiliate, Data Point, will enable us to quickly select
 attractive investment candidates amidst the number of opportunities that are identified. Further, our affiliate, Data Point, evaluates numerous businesses each year, giving us the ability to identify attractive investment candidates amidst the
 wide funnel of opportunities reviewed.

4 

Table of Contents 

Differentiated Investment Philosophy and Collaborate Approach Designed to Identify and Rapidly Grow Market Leaders

We are focusing on identifying and collaborating with successful founders and management teams with disruptive businesses in attractive technology markets. Data Point has demonstrated its ability to
 identify category trends and companies that are emerging as consumer and enterprise tech winners early in their development. Data Point has a history of closely collaborating with portfolio executive teams to support the successful development of
 high performing, market leaders. We believe the Public Offering allowed us to establish a creative and flexible platform to partner with talented entrepreneurs to build an exceptional business. While we continue to believe that traditional
 initial public offerings and direct listings may be an appropriate transaction path for many companies, we also believe that going public via a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, will be the optimal choice for a wide range of
 high-growth technology companies. Our deep network, proven track record, focus on disruptive businesses, and experience supporting companies across the whole life cycle of developing high performing consumer and enterprise technology businesses
 makes us attractively positioned to identify and execute a successful business combination. Our management team, directors and Data Point have extensive operational, commercial and transactional experience with companies in our target sectors,
 and we intend to use these skills and expertise to identify market leaders for a Business Combination.

Acquisition Criteria

We believe we have the opportunity to pursue a differentiated set of potential business combination targets due to our management team s, our Sponsor s, and the Industry Advisors strong networks
 and experience in driving growth in businesses in order to create value for shareholders. Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
 prospective target businesses and set us apart from other sources of capital pursuing target businesses in our areas of focus. We have used, and will continue to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we
 may decide to enter into our Business Combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We seek to acquire companies that we believe:

Can achieve rapid revenue growth in a large and growing market.

Have achieved scale and are on a predictable growth trajectory. Additionally, we seek businesses that are profitable, or have a clear path to profitability, and the ability to grow that profitability over
 time.

Have a defensible market position with demonstrated advantages compared to competitors that create barriers to entry against new potential market entrants. We intend to identify businesses with defensible
 technology, intellectual property rights, branding or market positioning. Further, we strongly value an organization s ability to evolve with a changing market in order to continue to be the disruptor rather than the disrupted as the
 business gains scale.

Have significant embedded and/or underexploited expansion opportunities. This can be accomplished through a combination of accelerating organic growth and finding attractive bolt-on acquisition targets. Our
 management team and Industry Advisors have significant experience in identifying such targets and helping target management assess the strategic and financial fit of potential bolt-on acquisitions. Similarly, we believe our management
 team and Industry Advisors have the expertise to assess the likely synergies between target companies and help a target effectively integrate acquisitions.

Exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe represent upside in the public markets based on our company-specific analysis and due diligence review. For a potential target company,
 this process will include, among other things, a review and analysis of the company s capital structure, quality of earnings, potential for operational improvements, corporate governance, customers, material contracts, and industry
 background and trends.

Have strong, experienced management teams, or provide a platform to assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving growth, profitability, and value creation.

5 

Table of Contents 

Have an enterprise value that will be at least 750 million in the public market; our management team believes businesses of this size have the right mix of market positioning and potential to scale and
 grow.

Are prepared to be public companies and will benefit from having access to the public markets in order to enhance their ability to grow, pursue accretive acquisitions, high-return capital projects, and/or
 strengthen their balance sheet.

Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors,
 criteria, and guidelines that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target
 business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our Business Combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, would be in the form of proxy materials or tender offer
 documents, as applicable, that we would file with the SEC.

In addition to any potential business combination targets we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
 sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds, and venture capital funds.

Our Acquisition Process

We have not selected our business combination target. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among
 other things, commercial and industry due diligence, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, and a review of financial and other information about the
 target and its industry and other reviews as we deem appropriate. To help facilitate this evaluation we may rely on input from our management team, Industry Advisors and third-party due diligence providers. We also intend to leverage the
 operational and capital allocation planning experience of Data Point, our management team, and our Industry Advisors. Although our management team will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot
 assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that
 those risks will adversely affect a target business.

We are not prohibited from pursuing our Business Combination with a target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, Data Point, our directors, or our officers or
 from making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, our directors, officers or their affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our Business Combination with a target that is affiliated with
 our Sponsor, our directors or officers, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA or an
 independent accounting firm (other than our registered public accounting firm) that such a Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Each of our directors and officers may, directly or indirectly, own Founder Shares and/or Private Placement Warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a
 particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our Business Combination. Further, such directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the
 retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our Business Combination.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to
 which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one
 or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if
 such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. However, we do not expect these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for a Business Combination.

6 

Table of Contents 

Our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various
 business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in
 business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Initial Business Combination

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts
 disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our Business Combination. We
 refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our Business Combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a
 member of FINRA or another independent accounting firm (other than our registered public accounting firm) that regularly renders fairness opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.

We anticipate structuring our Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the
 target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of
 the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
 acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns
 or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in
 the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares or preference shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target in order to consummate such
 transaction or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with financing our Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a
 substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our Business Combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
 of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired by us is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets
 test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net
 assets test.

Corporate Information

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to
 take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
 attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
 requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a
 less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

7 

Table of Contents 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for
 complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
 of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the Close Date, (b) in which we have total annual gross
 revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the end of that
 fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning
 associated with it in the JOBS Act.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
 among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 equals or exceeds 250.0 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by
 non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter.

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our Business Combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours,
 including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying
 and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. While we believe there are target businesses we could potentially
 acquire with the funds held in the Trust Account, our ability to acquire larger target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target
 business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our Business Combination and our outstanding Public Warrants, and the
 future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our Business Combination.

Facilities

We currently maintain our executive offices at 341 Newbury Street, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02115. Our Sponsor currently provides us with office space at no cost. We consider our current office space
 adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have two executive officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Business Combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to
 devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they are devoting as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our Business Combination. The amount of time that any such person devotes in any time
 period to our company will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our Business Combination and the current stage of the business combination process.

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We have registered our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
 reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm.

8 

Table of Contents 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders.
 These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP or International Financing Reporting Standards IFRS ), depending on the
 circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the
 pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our Business Combination within the
 prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the
 potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While
 this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no
 longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in
 compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs
 necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain
 provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman
 Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that
 no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in
 whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

9 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

Summary of Risk Factors

Below is a summary of the principal risk factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face.
 Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this summary of risk factors, and other risks that we face, can be found below in Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report on Form
 10-K, including, but not limited to the following:

We have no operating history and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination, which means we may complete our Business Combination even though a majority of our
 public shareholders do not support such a combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, our Initial Shareholders and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such Business Combination,
 regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
 unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it
 difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
 optimize our capital structure.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our Business Combination would be
 unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

We may not be able to consummate a Business Combination by May 12, 2023 or during any Extension Period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
 our public shares and liquidate.

The requirement that we consummate a Business Combination within 18 months after the Close Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business
 Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our Business
 Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing military
 action between Russia and Ukraine. 

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate a Business Combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or
 Public Warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants.

10 

Table of Contents 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its
 shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to
 hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. If we
 have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and
 our Warrants will expire worthless.

If the net proceeds of the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Sponsor Loan not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate
 until May 12, 2023 or during any Extension Period, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our Business Combination, and we will depend on loans from our
 Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our Business Combination.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
 your public shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss.

The Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
 restrictions.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Our registered independent public accountants have included an explanatory paragraph on our ability to continue as a going concern in their report of
 registered independent public accounting firm.

Risk Factors

You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following events
 occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks

We have no operating history and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are a blank check company established under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to
 achieve our business objective of completing our Business Combination with one or more target businesses or assets. We have not yet selected our business combination target may be unable to complete our Business Combination. If we fail to
 complete our Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

11 

Table of Contents 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination, which means we may complete our Business Combination even
 though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our Business Combination if the Business Combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
 listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a
 transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in
 a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval.
 Accordingly, we may complete our Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, our Initial Shareholders and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such
 Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

Our Initial Shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares.

Our Initial Shareholders and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the
 ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. Our Initial Shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement
 entered into with us, to vote their Founder Shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our Initial Shareholders Founder Shares, we would need 8,625,000, or 37.5 (assuming all
 Units are separated and all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,437,500 or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 23,000,000 public shares issued and outstanding as of March 20, 2023
 to be voted in favor of a Business Combination in order to have our Business Combination approved. Our management team has also entered into a letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect to any public shares acquired
 by them. We expect that our Initial Shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our Business
 Combination, the agreement by our Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our Business Combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such Business Combination.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your
 shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such Business Combination.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any potential target businesses. Additionally, since our board of
 directors may complete a Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not
 seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days)
 set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our Business Combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets,
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If
 too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, may not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and,
 thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination with us. If we are able to consummate a Business Combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred
 underwriting commissions owed by us in connection with our Public Offering.

12 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most
 desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction
 based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a
 minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we
 initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity
 issuances and/or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of
 the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a Business Combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their
 redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in the Trust Account will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares
 could increase the probability that our Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the
 probability that our Business Combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are
 in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a
 material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

We may not be able to consummate a Business Combination before May 12, 2023 or during any Extension Period, in
 which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate a Business Combination before May 12, 2023. Our ability to complete our Business Combination is dependent on a variety of
 factors, many of which are beyond our control, such as general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets, conflict and the other risks described herein. The decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being
 unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the continued presence of COVID-19 and other events (such as current or anticipated military conflict, including between Russia and Ukraine, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a
 significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. Although we are required to offer shareholders redemption rights in connection with any shareholder vote to approve a Business
 Combination, or if we seek to extend the date by which we are required to complete our Business Combination at an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to vote upon an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association for such extension (an Extension ), and such extension period, the "Extension Period", there may be no extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to vote upon our Business Combination or an Extension before May 12, 2023, the date
 by which we are required to complete our Business Combination or be forced to liquidate. Even if our Business Combination or an Extension is approved by our shareholders, it is possible that redemptions will leave us with insufficient cash to
 consummate our Business Combination on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. The fact that we will have separate redemption periods in connection with a shareholder vote upon an Extension and vote upon our Business Combination could
 exacerbate these risks. Other than in connection with a redemption offer or liquidation, our shareholders may be unable to recover their investment, except through sales of our securities on the open market. The price of our securities may be
 volatile, and there can be no assurance that shareholders will be able to dispose of our securities at favorable prices, or at all.

13 

Table of Contents 

If we have not completed our Business Combination within the applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
 but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
 and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
 shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our
 board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Due to certain provisions of the Companies Law,
 investors may be forced to wait beyond the prescribed time frame before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. In such
 case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per public share, or less than 10.20 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our Warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
 held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

The requirement that we consummate a Business Combination within 18 months after the Close Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in
 negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete
 our Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must consummate a Business Combination within 18 months from the Close
 Date, or, by May 12, 2023, unless otherwise extended. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our Business Combination with that particular target
 business, we may be unable to complete our Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and
 may enter into our Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing
 military action between Russia and Ukraine.

On February 24, 2022, Russian military forces launched a military action in Ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region is likely. Although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing military
 conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain
 interruptions, political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences, as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage. Russia s recognition of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine
 and subsequent military action against Ukraine have led to an unprecedented expansion of sanction programs imposed by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Canada, Switzerland, Japan and other countries against Russia, the
 Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic.

The situation is rapidly evolving as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, and the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and other countries may implement additional sanctions, export controls or
 other measures against Russia and other countries, regions, officials, individuals or industries in the respective territories. Such sanctions and other measures, as well as the existing and potential further responses from Russia or other
 countries to such sanctions, tensions and military actions, could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and could adversely affect our ability to search for a business combination or finance such business combination, and the
 business, financial condition and results of operations of any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination may be materially adversely affected.

14 

Table of Contents 

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate a Business Combination.

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to (i) increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, (ii) other national, regional and
 international economic disruptions, and (iii) uncertainty regarding the valuation of target businesses, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate a Business Combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to
 purchase public shares or Warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors,
 executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares or Public Warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our Business Combination, although
 they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account
 will be used to purchase public shares or Public Warrants in such transactions.

In the event that our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already
 elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the Business Combination and
 thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the Business Combination, (2) reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or vote such Public Warrants on any matters submitted to the public warrant holders for approval
 in connection with our Business Combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our Business Combination, where it appears
 that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float 
 of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a
 national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our Business Combination, or fails to
 comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a
 shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as
 applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may
 require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the
 tender offer or proxy materials documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to
 the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.

15 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of
 shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be
 restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our Business
 Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our
 Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our
 Business Combination. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
 Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless.

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other
 blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and
 effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and
 our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many
 of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds
 of the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the proceeds from the Sponsor Loan, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
 financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for
 cash at the time of our Business Combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our Business Combination. Any of these obligations
 may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per
 public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the
 per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

If the net proceeds of the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Sponsor Loan not being
 held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until May 12, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our Business Combination, and we will
 depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our Business Combination.

Of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Sponsor Loan, only approximately 0.9 million as of December 31, 2022 was available to us outside the
 Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account, together with funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be
 sufficient to allow us to operate until May 12, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such
 circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to
 fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a
 particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to
 forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

16 

Table of Contents 

As our offering expenses (excluding underwriting discounts and commissions) were less than our budget of 1.05 million, the difference between the budget and actual expenses incurred was outside the
 Trust Account. The amount held in the Trust Account will not be impacted as a result of such increase. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team
 or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held
 outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our Business Combination. Up to 1.5 million of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the
 option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Prior to the completion of our Business Combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our
 management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the
 required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per public share, or
 possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our Warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by
 shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

Subsequent to our completion of our Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges
 that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business,
 that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced
 to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
 previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this
 nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held
 by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such
 holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to
 negotiate and complete our Business Combination, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
 with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability
 to negotiate and complete our Business Combination, and results of operations.

17 

Table of Contents 

If we have not completed our Business Combination by May 12, 2023, unless otherwise extended, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such date
 before redemption proceeds from our Trust Account become available.

If we have not completed our Business Combination by May 12, 2023 unless otherwise extended, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
 Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption
 of public share from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and
 distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may
 be forced to wait beyond May 12, 2023 (or at the end of any Extension Period) before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust
 Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our
 Business Combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to
 the consummation of our Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable
 Cayman Islands law.

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which
 to pursue our Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our
 Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to
 evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our Business Combination, we may be affected by
 numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in
 the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
 ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
 that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units, Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if
 such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are
 unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into
 our Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
 and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our Business Combination will
 not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does
 meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption
 rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by
 applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our Business Combination if the target business
 does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain
 circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless.

18 

Table of Contents 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or
 earnings.

To the extent we complete our Business Combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by
 numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense
 competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the
 significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete all appropriate due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks
 will adversely impact a target business.

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent
 us from achieving our desired results.

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to
 the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.

To the extent we complete our Business Combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of
 the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able
 to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our Business Combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we
 may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a
 target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

We are not required to obtain an valuation opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from
 an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another
 independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of
 directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our Business
 Combination.

19 

Table of Contents 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely
 affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share,
 or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
 substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not
 be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to
 us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public
 shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our Business Combination with a target
 business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of
 time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
 business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to
 retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete our Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage
 and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the Public Offering,
 we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our Business Combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any
 kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects,
 including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of
 certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared,
 expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

20 

Table of Contents 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and
 other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will
 cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

We may effectuate our Business Combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our
 Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
 economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
 several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we
 may operate subsequent to our Business Combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our Business
 Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on
 the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our Business Combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks,
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
 products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business
 combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and
 we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

21 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete a
 Business Combination.

The market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering
 quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to
 negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense
 and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and
 directors.

In addition, after completion of any Business Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such
 Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off
 insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate a Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could
 compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in
 certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless.

Although we believe that the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the proceeds from the Sponsor Loan will be sufficient to allow us to complete our
 Business Combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
 Warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from
 shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon
 the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that
 additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business
 candidate. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
 Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to
 secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after
 our Business Combination.

After our Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be
 located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United
 States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States
 courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.

22 

Table of Contents 

As the number of available targets for Business Combinations decrease, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for a Business Combination.
 This could increase the costs associated with completing our Business Combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our Business Combination.

In recent years, the number of companies that have entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies has increased substantially, and there are still several special
 purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combinations. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for a
 Business Combination.

In addition, because there are special purpose acquisition companies still seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with
 attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns,
 geopolitical tensions, including, but not limited to, between Russia and Ukraine, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of,
 delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our Business Combination.

Our Business Combination or reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders.

We may, in connection with our Business Combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, effect a business combination with a target company in another
 jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the
 jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders
 may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after any reincorporation in any jurisdiction, including any Domestication.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous Business
 Combination with some prospective target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
 statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be
 required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to GAAP or IFRS depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial
 statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy
 rules and complete our Business Combination within the prescribed time frame.

Risks Relating to our Securities

You do not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment,
 you may be forced to sell your public shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of a Business Combination, and then only in connection with
 those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to certain limitations, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 
 of our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination by May 12, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we
 have not completed our Business Combination by May 12, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who elect to have their Class A ordinary shares redeemed in connection with a shareholder vote described
 in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of a Business Combination or liquidation if we have not completed our Business Combination by May 12, 2023, with respect
 to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances does a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of Warrants do not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with
 respect to the Warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss.

23 

Table of Contents 

The Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us
 to additional trading restrictions.

Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq. Although we currently meet the minimum initial listing standards set
 forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, our securities may not be listed on the Nasdaq in the future or prior to our Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our Business Combination, we must
 maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels, such as a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, our Units will not be
 traded after completion of our Business Combination and, in connection with our Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued
 listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be
 at least 200.0 million, the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 100.0 million and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot shareholders. We may not be able to meet those listing
 requirements at that time, especially if there are a significant number of redemptions in connection with our Business Combination.

If the Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an
 over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly
 result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
 securities. Because our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq, our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from
 regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of
 covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators
 view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities
 would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

24 

Table of Contents 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete a Business Combination with a target business that has not been
 selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet
 demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things,
 this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our Business Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on
 funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of a Business Combination.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
 may be less than 10.20 per public share.

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
 and other entities with which we do business (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent
 inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held
 in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an
 agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
 whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a
 waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the
 Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our Business Combination by May 12, 2023, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our Business Combination, we will be required to
 provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20
 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for services
 rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual
 amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be
 withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to
 any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
 third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.

25 

Table of Contents 

However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
 obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against
 the Trust Account, the funds available for our Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser
 amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income
 available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share.

The net proceeds of the Public Offering, certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and the proceeds of the Sponsor Loan in the amount of approximately 234.6 million, are
 held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S.
 Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero
 in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest
 income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our Business Combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the
 Trust Account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the Trust Account is reduced below 234.6 million as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders
 may be reduced below 10.20 per share.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account
 available for distribution to our public shareholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
 of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is
 unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
 While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business
 judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for
 distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per public share.

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any
 kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares).
 Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate a Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors
 may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
 directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
 officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

26 

Table of Contents 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
 or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our
 creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
 us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
 or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby
 exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
 or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in
 connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
 us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
 the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
 activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities,

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination.

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

registration as an investment company with the SEC;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to.

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than
 investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities
 and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a
 view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.

27 

Table of Contents 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States
 government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
 which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by
 having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
 within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Public Offering was not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for
 funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public
 shares if we do not complete our Business Combination by May 12, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing a Business Combination by May 12,
 2023, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act.
 If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business
 Combination. If we have not consummated our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
 Account and our Warrants will expire worthless.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on
 which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may
 be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the
 claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium
 account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our Business Combination.

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the
 Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint
 directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
 annual general meeting) serving a three-year term.

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to
 our Business Combination.

Prior to our Business Combination, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the
 appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our Business Combination, holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the
 management of our company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination.

28 

Table of Contents 

If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under
 the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of the Warrants will not be entitled to exercise such Warrants and such Warrants may have no value and expire worthless.

We registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants because the Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination,
 which could have been within twelve months of the Public Offering. However, because the Public Warrants will become exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our Business Combination, in order to comply
 with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of our Business Combination, under the terms of the warrant agreements, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business
 days after the closing of our Business Combination, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. Thereafter,
 we will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to the
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants until the expiration or redemption of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the public warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so
 if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current,
 complete or correct, or the SEC issues a stop order.

If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, under the terms of the public warrant
 agreement, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.

In no event will Warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants, unless the issuance of the
 shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available.

Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a
 covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of Public Warrants who seek to exercise their Public Warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in
 accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under applicable state
 securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
 Exercising the Warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless
 exercise of the Warrants they hold than they would have upon a cash exercise.

In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the Warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the
 shares underlying the Warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration
 or qualification, the holder of such Warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their Warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid
 the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their Private Placement
 Warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the Public Warrants included as part of Units sold in The Public Offering. In such an instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and
 executive officers) would be able to exercise their Warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares underlying their Warrants while holders of our Public Warrants would not be able to exercise their Warrants and sell the underlying Class A ordinary
 shares. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result,
 we may redeem the Warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their Warrants.

29 

Table of Contents 

The Warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you
 will not have any information regarding such other security at this time.

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our Business Combination, the Warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a
 result, if the surviving company redeems your Warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time.

The grant of registration rights to our Sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may
 adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which Founder Shares are convertible, the Private Placement Warrants and the
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and the Sponsor Loan Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants.

The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In
 addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or
 ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our Business
 Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete our Business Combination even though
 a substantial majority or all of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our
 Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash
 consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the
 aggregate amount of cash available to us, and any such condition is not waived, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and
 we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.

In order to effectuate a Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
 instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
 our Business Combination that our shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant
 agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate a business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant
 agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands
 law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the Public Warrants,
 solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In
 addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
 and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 of
 our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination by May 12, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to
 fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered in the Public Offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.

30 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of
 holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at
 least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of a Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders,
 without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Public Offering and of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least
 two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least
 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our Business Combination may only be amended by a special
 resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Founder Shares. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if
 any, who, together with the Funds, collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust
 agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior
 more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association.

Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
 not complete our Business Combination by May 12, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
 Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
 previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the
 ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to
 applicable law.

31 

Table of Contents 

Our Initial Shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
 in a manner that you do not support.

Our Initial Shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
 vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our Initial Shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in
 privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our Initial Shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be
 considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into
 three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our Business
 Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a
 minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our Initial Shareholders, because of their ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the
 appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our Business Combination. In addition, the Founder Shares, all of which are held by our Initial Shareholders, will, in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman
 Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), entitle the holders to ten votes for every Founder Share. This provision of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only
 be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over our continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands
 prior to our Business Combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our Business Combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding a Business
 Combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor.

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue
 shares to consummate a Business Combination.

The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to
 liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate a Business Combination) at the time of our Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares
 issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Public Offering, plus (ii) the total
 number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the
 Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and the Private
 Placement Warrants issued to our Sponsor, any Sponsor Loan Warrants issued to our Sponsor, and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital
 loans. In no event will the Founder Shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued
 an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the business combination.

32 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of
 the then-outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Public Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant
 could be decreased, all without your approval.

Our Public Warrants were issued in registered form under a public warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant agreement
 provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on
 ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the public warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the public warrant agreement as the parties to the public warrant
 agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the Public Warrants; provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
 warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of
 the then-outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments
 could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Public Warrants, convert the Public Warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a
 Public Warrant.

Our warrant agreements designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
 Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our Warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
 disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreements provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the
 Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be
 the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreements will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which
 the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
 the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreements, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States
 District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our Warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the
 State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon
 such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. In
 addition, this choice-of-forum provision may result in our warrant holders incurring increased costs to bring an action, proceeding or claim due to, but not limited to, the warrant holder s physical location or knowledge of the applicable laws,
 when the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York is the exclusive forum. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreements inapplicable or
 unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

33 

Table of Contents 

We may redeem your unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Public Warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant, if among other things
 the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares has been at least 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a Public Warrant) for any 20 trading days within the 30
 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if
 we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the Public Warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the Public
 Warrants. Redemption of the outstanding Public Warrants could force you to (i) exercise your Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your Public Warrants at the
 then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Public Warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less
 than the market value of your Public Warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us.

Our management s ability to require holders of our Public Warrants to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer
 Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the Public Warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their Public Warrants for cash.

If we call our Public Warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require
 any holder that wishes to exercise its Public Warrants (including any Public Warrants held by our Sponsor, officers, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to
 exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised their Public Warrants for cash. This will have the effect
 of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in us.

Our Warrants and Founder Shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to
 effectuate our Business Combination.

We issued Public Warrants to purchase 11,500,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units offered in our Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we
 issued in a private placement an aggregate of 4,733,333 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment. Additionally, simultaneously with the closing of the
 Public Offering, the Sponsor loaned 4.6 million to us at no interest. The proceeds of the Sponsor Loan may be converted into Sponsor Loan Warrants at a conversion price of 1.50 per Sponsor Loan Warrant, at the Sponsor s discretion and at any
 time until the consummation of our Business Combination. Our Initial Shareholders currently hold 5,750,000 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described
 in Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate a Business Combination. and elsewhere in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, if the Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 Private Placement
 Warrants, at the price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant.

To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares
 upon exercise of these Warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such Warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class
 A ordinary shares issued to complete the Business Combination. Therefore, our Warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

Because each Unit contains one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant and only a whole Warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units of other
 blank check companies.

Each Unit contains one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole Units will
 trade. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the
 Public Warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole public warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to
 reduce the dilutive effect of the Public Warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the Public Warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to
 purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

34 

Table of Contents 

A provision of our warrant agreements may make it more difficult for us to consummate a Business Combination.

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our Business
 Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our Sponsor or its
 affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by our Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
 and interest thereon, available for the funding of our Business Combination on the date of the consummation of our Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the
 Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and in the case of the Public Warrants only the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the
 nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate a Business Combination with a target business.

Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either
 (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any Business Combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates
 as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise.

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive
 acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
 risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination
 target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the
 significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
 in value.

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of
 our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our Business Combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts
 of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life
 of, any of our directors or executive officers.

35 

Table of Contents 

The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Our ability to successfully effect our Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel,
 some of whom may join us following our Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at
 least until we have consummated our Business Combination. None of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various
 business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to their other
 business activities, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our Business Combination. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance
 on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us.

The role of our key personnel after our Business Combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions following our
 Business Combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to
 expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination, and a
 particular Business Combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have
 conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with
 the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for
 services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
 individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business.

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our Business Combination.
 The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an
 acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

36 

Table of Contents 

Members of our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes or governmental investigations
 unrelated to our business.

Members of our management team have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage and public awareness. As a result, members of our management
 team and affiliated companies have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such claims or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively
 affect our ability to identify and complete a Business Combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much
 time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Business Combination.

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and may not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
 operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Business Combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other
 business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and
 board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to
 devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Business Combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive
 Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities,
 including other special purpose acquisition companies, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Following the completion of the Public Offering and until we consummate our Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or
 entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including the special purpose acquisition company noted below and any other
 special purpose acquisition companies they may become involved with, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
 Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be
 presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.

Additionally, our Sponsor, officers and directors are not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with
 their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our Business Combination. Therefore, our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or
 investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking a Business Combination. These companies may seek to complete a business combination in any location and may not focus on any particular industry for a business combination. Any such
 companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing a Business Combination with a potential acquisition target. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be
 presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Furthermore, the personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may
 influence their motivation in timely identifying and pursuing an initial business combination or completing our Business Combination. The different timelines of competing business combinations could cause our directors and officers to prioritize
 a different business combination over finding a suitable acquisition target for our Business Combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of
 interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest, which could negatively impact the timing for a Business Combination.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual
 serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we
 renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

37 

Table of Contents 

For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any
 investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or
 executive officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
 interests and ours.

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business Combination.
 Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are
 appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it may be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing
 on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.

We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor,
 executive officers, directors or Initial Shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers,
 directors or Initial Shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of
 Interest. Our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking a Business Combination. Such entities may compete with us for business
 combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our Business Combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive
 discussions concerning a Business Combination with any such entity or entities. Although we are not specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that
 such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent
 investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or
 international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or Initial Shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our
 public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

38 

Table of Contents 

Since our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our Business Combination is not completed (other than with
 respect to public shares they may acquire after the Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our Business Combination.

On May 13, 2021, our Sponsor and the Funds paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in
 consideration of 5,750,000 Founder Shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the Sponsor and the Funds, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the
 amount contributed to us by the number of Founder Shares issued. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete a Business Combination. In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,733,333 Private Placement Warrants, each
 exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, or 7,100,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the
 closing of the Public Offering. Additionally, simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, the Sponsor loaned us 4.6 million at no interest. The Sponsor Loan may be converted into Sponsor Loan Warrants at the discretion of the
 Sponsor. The Sponsor Loan Warrants, if issued, would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. If we do not consummate a Business Combination by May 12, 2023, the Private Placement Warrants and the Sponsor Loan Warrants, if any, will expire
 worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing a Business Combination and influencing the operation of
 the business following the Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month anniversary of the closing of the Public Offering nears, which is generally the deadline for our consummation of a Business Combination, unless
 otherwise extended.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our Business Combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new
 management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our Business Combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a
 target business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the
 target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns
 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the
 Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this
 case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our
 outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we
 initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.

Members of our management team, board of directors and Industry Advisors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives and
 employees of other companies. Certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise. This may have an adverse effect on us, which
 may impede our ability to consummate a Business Combination.

During the course of their careers, members of our management team, board of directors and Industry Advisors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives and
 employees of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain of those persons have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including
 relating to the business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert the attention and resources of our management team, board of
 directors and Industry Advisors away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our Business Combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete a Business Combination.

39 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in
 connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such Business Combination, and if we effect such Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business
 combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies
 and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
 setting, including any of the following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

laws granting government authorities the power to block, modify or unwind business
 combinations; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; or

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

40 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such Business Combination, or, if we complete such Business Combination, our
 operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If our management following our Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may
 have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our Business Combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business
 combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States federal and state securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and
 resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

After our Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from
 our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the
 country in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both
 geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for
 spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our Business Combination and if we effect our
 Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be
 adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative
 value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our Business Combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency
 appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our Business Combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our
 future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our Business Combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such
 jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability
 to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

41 

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
 of our Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares,
 par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 20, 2023. there are 177,000,000 and 14,250,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively,
 available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding Warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will
 automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate a
 Business Combination) at the time of our Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and
 outstanding.

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our Business
 Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the Warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our Business Combination as a result of the
 anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares
 that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of a Business
 Combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of
 additional ordinary or preference shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted
 in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry
 forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or Public Warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our Warrants.

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and
 the risk of non-compliance.

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose
 securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and
 administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target.

42 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution
 may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent
 changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

We may be a passive foreign investment company PFIC which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to
 adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. We expect that we were a PFIC for our taxable year ending December 31, 2022 and, although our PFIC status will not be determinable until the end
 of the taxable year, we are likely to be a PFIC for our current taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year prior to the time we effect a Business Combination, we currently intend to endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder, upon
 written request, such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be
 no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and final Treasury Regulations provide that such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the
 possible application of the PFIC rules.

Our registered independent public accountants have included an explanatory paragraph on our ability to continue as a going concern in their report of registered independent
 public accounting firm.

In connection with the assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards
 Codification ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements- Going Concern, we have until May 12, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is currently uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by
 this time. If our Business Combination cannot be completed prior to May 12, 2023, we will cease operations except for the purpose of winding-up, redeem our outstanding public shares, and liquidate and dissolve unless, prior to such date, we
 receive an extension approval from our shareholders and elect to extend the date on which a Business Combination must be consummated.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 0.9 million in cash held outside of the Trust Account for our working capital needs. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur
 significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We may need to raise additional funds from our Sponsor and/or third parties in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. Further, if our estimates of the costs of
 identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating the Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business
 Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which
 case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will
 be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of the financial
 statements if a Business Combination is not consummated. As more fully described in the report of registered independent public accounting firm preceding the financial statements herein, our independent auditors have included an explanatory
 paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern and noting that the accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and the financial statements do not include any adjustment
 that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.

43 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we
 take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our
 performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
 are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
 obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that
 status earlier, including, but not limited to, if out total annual gross revenues are more than 1.235 billion or if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of any June 30 before
 that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
 find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading
 prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those
 that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
 provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
 extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
 companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
 transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
 among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250.0 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30. To the
 extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a Business Combination, require substantial financial and
 management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large
 accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
 reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete
 our Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

44 

Table of Contents 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability
 to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors
 or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the
 common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of
 our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as
 well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman
 Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and
 certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the
 United States.

We have been advised by Carey Olsen, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely: (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United
 States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil
 liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman
 Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a
 judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment
 must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a
 manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay
 enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
 controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be
 willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests.
 These provisions include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our Business Combination only holders
 of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our Sponsor and the Funds, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
 could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

45 

Table of Contents 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
 deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or
 confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to
 investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

Since only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company 
 within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.

Only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq
 corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with
 certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq;

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and
 responsibilities.

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the
 future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.

46 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. 

Properties.

We currently maintain our executive offices at 341 Newbury Street, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02115. Our Sponsor currently provides us with office space at no cost. We consider our current office space
 adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate
 capacity.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable. 

47 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a) 

Market Information

Our Units began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol DPCSU on November 9, 2021. On December 30, 2021, our Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants began trading on the Nasdaq under the
 symbols DPCS and DPCSW, respectively. Each Unit includes one Class A ordinary share and one half of one Public Warrant, and each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share,
 subject to adjustment as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only whole Public Warrants will be issued on separation of Units, and only whole Public Warrants may be traded and be exercised for Class A ordinary shares. The
 Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination or 12 months after the Close Date. Our Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of our Business Combination or
 earlier upon redemption or liquidation as described in Item 1. Business. 

The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices per Unit, Class A ordinary share and Public Warrant as reported on the Nasdaq for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Units (DPCSU)

Class A ordinary shares (DPCS)

Warrants (DPCSW)

High

Low

High

Low

High

Low

Year ended December 31, 2022:

10.25

9.96

10.28

9.73

0.58

0.01

(b) 

Holders

At March 20, 2023 there was 1 holder of record of our Units, 1 holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares, 3 holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and 2 holders of
 record of our separately traded Public Warrants.

(c) 

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends
 in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our Business
 Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we
 incur any indebtedness in connection with our Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

(d) 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

(e) 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

Unregistered Sales

Not Applicable.

Use of Proceeds

48 

Table of Contents 

On November 8, 2021, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260456) was declared effective by the SEC for the Public Offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 23,000,000
 Units, inclusive of the underwriters election to exercise their option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units, at an offering price to the public of 10.00 per Unit for an aggregate offering price of 230,000,000, with each Unit consisting of
 one Class A ordinary share of the Company at 0.0001 par value and one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share.

Net proceeds of 230,000,000 from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, including deferred underwriting discounts of 8,050,000, were deposited into the Trust Account
 on the Close Date and 2,500,000 of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was deposited in our operating account for future working capital expenditures. We paid 4,600,000 in underwriting discounts and incurred offering
 costs of 498,152 related to the Public Offering. In addition, the Underwriters agreed to defer 8,050,000 in underwriting discounts, which amount will be payable when and if a business combination is consummated. No payments were made by us to
 directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our Class A ordinary shares or to their associates, or to our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our
 final Prospectus, dated November 8, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on November 10, 2021.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

References in this Item 7 to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
 condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Financial Statements ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
 defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Financial Statements. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may
 differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K.

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated on April 8, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
 purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. We completed our
 Public Offering on November 12, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had not identified any Business Combination target.

We presently have no revenue and have had no operations other than the active solicitation of a target business with which to complete a Business Combination.

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful.

Results of Operations

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 2,434,705, which consisted of earnings on investments held in trust, offset by general and administrative costs. 

For the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 259,036, which consisted solely of formation and general and administrative costs.

49 

Table of Contents 

All activity for the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and the Public Offering and subsequent to
 the Public Offering, the search for a target for our Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination, at the earliest.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Prior to the closing of the Public Offering, our only sources of liquidity were an initial sale of Founder Shares to our Sponsor and the proceeds of an unsecured promissory note from our Sponsor in the amount of
 159,025.

The registration statement for our Public Offering was declared effective by the SEC on November 8, 2021. On November 12, 2021, we consummated our Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, inclusive
 of the underwriters election to exercise their option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we consummated the
 sale of 4,733,333 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor at a price of 1.50 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 7,100,000. On the Close Date, our Sponsor loaned us 4,600,000 under the Sponsor Loan.

Following the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the issuance of the proceeds under the Sponsor Loan, a total of 234,600,000 was placed in the Trust Account, which
 consisted of 225,400,000 from the proceeds from the Public Offering, 4,600,000 from the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and 4,600,000 from the proceeds from the Sponsor Loan. We incurred 13,148,152 in transaction costs,
 including 4,600,000 of underwriting fees, 8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 498,152 of other costs.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 494,000, consisting of net income of 2,434,705, earnings on investments held in trust 3,382,862 of and changes in
 operating assets and liabilities of 454,157.

For the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 597,341, consisting of net of loss of 259,036 and changes in operating assets
 and liabilities of 338,305.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 237,982,862 and 234,600,000, respectively. We may withdraw interest earned to pay our
 income taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding deferred
 underwriting commissions) to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used
 as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 946,299 and 1,440,299 held outside of the Trust Account, respectively. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to
 identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
 corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and
 directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the cash held
 outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.

We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
 business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover,
 we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue
 additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination.

50 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities.

Going Concern Considerations :

In connection with the assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Subtopic
 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements- Going Concern, we have until May 12, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is currently uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If our Business
 Combination cannot be completed prior to May 12, 2023, we will cease operations except for the purpose of winding-up, redeem our outstanding public shares, and liquidate and dissolve unless, prior to such date, we receive an extension approval
 from our shareholders and elect to extend the date on which a Business Combination must be consummated.

We may need to raise additional funds from our Sponsor and/or third parties in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking
 in-depth due diligence and negotiating the Business Combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to a Business Combination. The Sponsor is not under any
 obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in, us. If we are unable to raise additional funds we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations,
 suspending the pursuit of our business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.

Management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of the Financial Statements if a Business
 Combination is not consummated. The Financial Statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going
 concern.

Commitments and Contingencies

Registration Rights

The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the
 exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled
 to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our
 Business Combination. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in
 the case of the Founder Shares, until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 days after our initial business
 combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
 property, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
 the filing of any such registration statements.

51 

Table of Contents 

Underwriting Agreement

We granted the underwriter a 45-day option from the date of the Public Offering to purchase on a pro rata basis up to 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Public
 Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The over-allotment option was exercised in full on November 12, 2021.

The underwriter was entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 4.6 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Public Offering. An additional fee of 0.35 per Unit,
 or 8.05 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a
 Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Critical Accounting Policies

The preparation of our Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and the disclosure of contingent
 assets and liabilities in our Financial Statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on known trends and
 events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
 sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies:

Investments Held in the Trust Account

Upon consummation of the Public Offering, our portfolio of investments is comprised solely of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
 Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities, or a combination thereof. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government
 securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market
 funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in Earnings on investments held in Trust Account in the
 accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information.

Warrant Classification

We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC,
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant
 to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment,
 which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent reporting period date while the warrants are outstanding.

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of
 issuance.

Sponsor Loan Classification

When the Company issues convertible debt it first evaluates the balance sheet classification of the convertible instrument in its entirety to
 determine whether the instrument should be classified as a liability under ASC 480 and second whether the conversion feature should be accounted for separately from the host instrument. A conversion feature of a convertible debt instrument or
 certain convertible preferred stock would be separated from the convertible instrument and classified as a derivative liability if the conversion feature, were it a stand-alone instrument, meets the definition of an embedded derivative as
 defined in ASC 815. Generally, characteristics that require derivative treatment include, among others, when the conversion feature is not indexed to the Company s equity, as defined in ASC 815-40, or when it must be settled either in cash or
 by issuing stock that is readily convertible to cash. When a conversion feature meets the definition of an embedded derivative, it would be separated from the host instrument and classified as a derivative liability carried on the balance sheet
 at fair value, with any changes in its fair value recognized currently in the statement of operations. The Sponsor Loan has a conversion feature that allows for converting the loan into warrants.

The Company performed an evaluation as outlined and determined that it qualifies for exemption as an equity instrument and is not bifurcated.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as
 liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
 upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption
 rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events.

52 

Table of Contents 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share

We comply with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the
 weighted-average number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Public Offering and private placement to purchase an
 aggregate of 16,233,333 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. Warrants granted upon conversion of the convertible note would also be anti-dilutive and
 are thus excluded from the calculation.

Our statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per share for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income (loss)
 per share. Net income (loss) per ordinary share, basic and diluted, for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income on earnings, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
 subject to possible redemption outstanding over the period. Net income (loss) is allocated evenly on a pro rata basis between Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares based on weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding over
 the period. Remeasurement adjustments are not considered in the calculation as remeasurement adjustments do not result in carrying value in the excess of fair value.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
 Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 , which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current
 GAAP. The ASU 2020-06 also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. We
 early adopted ASU 2020-06 on our inception date. Adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Financial Statements.

Inflation

We do not believe that inflation had a material impact on our business or operating results during the period presented.

JOBS Act

The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS
 Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may
 not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the Financial Statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
 new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

53 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
 to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal
 controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
 Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the
 audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive
 officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years from the completion of our Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities and activities relating to the Public Offering and the identification and evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for a
 Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues. As the net proceeds from our Public Offering, certain of the net proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the proceeds of the Sponsor
 Loan held in the Trust Account have not been invested, we do not believe there will be any material exposure to interest rate risk.

We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed.

54 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

DP CAP ACQUISITION CORP I

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , PCAOB ID:
 688 

56 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

57

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 

58

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 

59

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 

60 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

61 

55 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

DP Cap
 Acquisition Corp I

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of DP
 Cap Acquisition Corp I (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31,
 2022 and for the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
 material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the
 financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a
 reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. The Company is subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement if it does not complete a business
 combination by May 12, 2023 and the Company's shareholders have not taken the actions necessary to extend this date. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
 in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
 statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
 U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit s to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
 engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
 on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
 performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum LLP

Marcum LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

, NY 
 April 17, 2023 

56 

Table of Contents 

DP CAP ACQUISITION CORP I

BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021

ASSETS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Other current assets

Total current assets

Investments held in Trust Account

Other non-current assets

Total Assets

LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Deferred underwriting fees payable

Convertible loan from related party

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at and per share at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Shareholders deficit

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued
 or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued
 or outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit

See accompanying notes to financial statements.

57 

Table of Contents 

DP CAP ACQUISITION CORP I

STATEMENTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2021

For The Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

For The Period From

 April 08, 2021 

 (Inception) Through

 December 31, 2021 

Formation costs

General and administrative expenses

Loss from operations

Earnings on investments held in Trust Account

Net income (loss)

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares

See accompanying notes to financial statements.

58 

Table of Contents 

DP CAP ACQUISITION CORP I

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021

Ordinary Shares 

Class A 

Class B 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Additional

 Paid-In

 Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total Shareholders 

 Deficit

Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Remeasurement of redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

-

-

Net income

-

-

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Ordinary Shares 

Class A 

Class B 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Additional

 Paid-In

 Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total Shareholders 

 Deficit

Balance as of April 8, 2021
 (inception)

Issuance of ordinary shares to Sponsor

Allocation of IPO proceeds to Public Warrants

- 

- 

Other offering costs

-

-

Proceeds from the sale of private placement warrants

- 

- 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

-

-

Net loss

-

-

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes to financial statements.

59 

Table of Contents 

DP CAP ACQUISITION CORP I

STATEMENTS OF NET CASH USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2021 

For The Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

For The Period From April 08, 2021 (Inception) Through 

December 31, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Earnings on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Net cash used by operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Investment of cash into Trust Account

Net cash used by investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares to Sponsor

Proceeds from note payable and advances from related party

Proceeds from sale of Class A units, gross

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants

Offering costs paid

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Initial classification of Class A shares subject to possible redemption

Remeasurement of Class A shares to redemption value 

Offering costs included in accounts payable

Offering costs paid through promissory note - related party 

Deferred underwriting fees payable

See accompanying notes to financial statements.

60 

Table of Contents 

DP CAP ACQUISITION CORP I

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies.

units (the Units ), which included the exercise in full of the underwriter s option to purchase an additional Units at the Public Offering price to cover over-allotments. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par value per share (the Class A
 Ordinary Shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder
 thereof to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 
 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, which is described in Note 3.

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant (the Private Placement ), to DP Investment Management Sponsor I LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is described in Note 4. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of per share.

to the Company (the Sponsor Loan at 
 interest. The proceeds of the Sponsor Note were deposited into the Trust Account (described below) and will be repaid or converted into warrants (the Sponsor Loan Warrants at a conversion price of per Sponsor Loan Warrant, at the Sponsor s discretion and at any time until the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Sponsor Loan Warrants
 are identical to the Private Placement Warrants.

,
 including in deferred underwriting fees, in paid underwriting fees and in other offering costs,
 which were recognized in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A and 5T. Upon completion of the Public Offering, cash of 
 was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. Offering costs were allocated between the Class A Ordinary Shares, Public Warrants and Private warrants using the
 relative fair value method.

61 

Table of Contents 

per unit), which consisted of 
 of the net proceeds from the IPO, of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and of the proceeds from a loan by the Sponsor under the Sponsor Note, was placed in a U.S.-based Trust Account maintained by Continental
 Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account (the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and winding up and dissolution
 expenses, the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until (i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, or (ii) the redemption of any of the Company s public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder
 vote to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the A R M A to (A) modify the substance or timing of its obligation to provide holders of its Class A Ordinary Shares the right to have
 their shares redeemed in connection with the C ompany s initial business combination or to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares if it does not complete its initial business combination within months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination
 activity, and (iii) the redemption of the Company s public shares if it is unable to complete its initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law.

of
 the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business
 Combination. However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 
 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940,
 as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Upon the closing of the Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least 
 per Unit sold in the Public Offering, will be held in a Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the
 meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
 government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.

per share, sold in the Public Offering (the Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon
 the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval
 of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust
 Account (initially per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the
 deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Public Offering in
 accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, the Company will proceed with a
 Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal
 reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its A R M A, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a
 Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in
 conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether such Public Shareholder votes
 for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 5) the initial shareholders have agreed to vote
 their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder
 Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

62 

Table of Contents 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The initial shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the
 A R M A (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
 to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
 extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
 the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
 applicable law.

. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any
 claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or by a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a
 transaction agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) the lesser
 amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. Such liability
 will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account. Such liability will also not apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of
 the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the
 Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
 to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company
 waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

63 

Table of Contents 

64 

Table of Contents 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021.

65 

Table of Contents 

Class A Ordinary Shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The Sponsor Loan Warrants to purchase a
 total of up to Class A Ordinary Shares to be granted upon conversion of the Sponsor Loan, if any, would also be
 anti-dilutive and would therefore also be excluded from the calculation.

per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares based on weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
 over the period. Remeasurement adjustments are not considered in the calculation as remeasurement adjustments do not result in carrying value in the excess of fair value. 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per share

net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022.

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under
 review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

66 

Table of Contents 

for the periods presented. 

warrants
 issued in connection with the IPO (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 and ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Such guidance provides that because the warrants meet the criteria thereunder
 for equity classification, each warrant is recorded within Shareholders equity (deficit).

67 

Table of Contents 

Units at a price of per Unit, which included the exercise in full of the underwriter s option to purchase an additional Units at the Public Offering price to cover over-allotments. Each Unit consisted of Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one Public
 Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 9). The proceeds from the Public Offering and the related offering costs were allocated between
 the Class A Ordinary Shares, Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants using the relative fair value method. Costs associated with Class A Ordinary Shares were classified as a reduction of temporary equity, and costs allocated to the
 warrants were classified as a reduction of permanent equity.

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, or approximately in the aggregate in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering. Each Private Placement
 Warrant is exercisable for Class A Ordinary Share at a price of per share. of the proceeds from the sale
 of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor were added to the proceeds from the Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. The remaining cash was deposited into the Company s operating account for future working capital purposes.
 If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

days after the completion of the initial business combination.

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per
 warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such Working
 Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Working Capital Loans outstanding.

Class B Ordinary Shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of . Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture in the
 event that the underwriter did not purchase additional Units to cover over-allotments. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 
 by our Sponsor along with certain funds controlled by Data Point Capital, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the
 Company by the aggregate number of Founder Shares issued. Following the exercise in full of the underwriter s over-allotment option on November 12, 2021, Founder Shares remain subject to forfeiture.

68 

Table of Contents 

of the sum of (i) the total number of
 all Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, plus (ii) the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Founder Shares plus (iii) the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued
 or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
 combination, excluding (x) any Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, and (y)
 the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, any Sponsor Loan Warrants which may be issued to the Sponsor, and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion
 of Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). In no event will the Founder Shares convert into Class A Ordinary Shares at a rate of less than one-to- . Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the Company s Founder Shares will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors.

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public Offering. The unsecured promissory note was non-interest bearing and was due at the
 earlier of December 31, 2021 and the closing of the Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts were
 outstanding under the unsecured promissory note. The Company borrowed an aggregate of under this unsecured promissory
 note and the loan was subsequently paid in full in connection with the consummation of the Public Offering and the unsecured promissory note is no longer available to the Company.

as of the closing date of the Public Offering. The Sponsor Loan bears no interest. The proceeds of the Sponsor Note were deposited into the Trust Account and can be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
 of applicable law). The Sponsor Loan shall be repaid or converted into Sponsor Loan Warrants at a conversion price of per
 Sponsor Loan Warrant, at the discretion of the Sponsor, upon the consummation of a Business Combination. The Sponsor Loan was extended in order to ensure that the amount in the Trust Account is per public share. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination and the Sponsor Loan has not been converted into Sponsor Loan Warrants by such time, the
 Company will not repay the Sponsor Loan and its proceeds will be distributed to the Public Shareholders. The Sponsor has waived any claims against the Trust Account in connection with the Sponsor Loan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
 was outstanding under the Sponsor Loan.

69 

Table of Contents 

per Unit, or in the aggregate paid at the closing of the Public Offering. An additional fee of per Unit, or in the
 aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions, which is included in the accompanying balance sheet. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account
 solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Less: 

Class A Ordinary Shares issuance costs 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may
 be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares with a par
 value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding , excluding shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary Shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Class B Ordinary Shares were issued and outstanding. Up to 
 of Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture in the event that the underwriter did not purchase additional Units to cover over-allotments. The underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full on November 12, 2021 and forfeiture
 restrictions lapsed. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of by the Sponsor along with certain funds controlled
 by Data Point Capital, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the aggregate number of Founder Shares issued.
 Holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares and holders of the Class B Ordinary Shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule;
 provided that only holders of the Class B Ordinary Shares shall have the right to vote on the election of the Company s directors prior to the Business Combination. 

70 

Table of Contents 

days after the
 completion of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Public Offering; provided in each case that the
 Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to the Public Warrants is available and such Class A
 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or holders are permitted to exercise their
 Public Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances as a result of the Company s failure to have an effective registration statement by the th business day after the closing of the Business Combination). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of its Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and
 have an effective registration statement covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the Company s initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A
 Ordinary Shares until the Public Warrants expire or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, the Company will be required
 to permit holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. However, no Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any Class A Ordinary Shares to holders
 seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the Class A Ordinary Shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is
 available.

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire s after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon
 redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at an issue price
 or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A Ordinary Shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to
 be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
 issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total
 equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the initial business combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of
 Class A Ordinary Shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company
 consummates the initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the
 warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
 and the per share redemption trigger price described in the Public Warrant Agreement, dated November 8, 2021 by and between
 the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, under Redemption of warrants for Class A Ordinary Shares and Redemption of warrants for cash will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except
 that, (i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor
 until days after the completion of the initial business combination, and (iii) are subject to registration rights.

: Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding
 warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

71 

Table of Contents 

per warrant;

days prior written notice of
 redemption; and

trading days within a -trading day period ending on the
 third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted).

-day redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised.

months from the closing
 of the Public Offering as a result of a shareholder vote to amend the A R M A and articles of association and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds
 with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. Private
 Placement Warrants have the same terms as the Public Warrants. 

transfers between levels for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

72 

Table of Contents 

as of December 31, 2022. Management has evaluated the impact of this situation on the Company and does not believe the takeover of SVB operations by regulators and its subsequent acquisition by First Citizens Bank will have a material impact
 on the Company. The Company did t incur any losses as a result of the takeover of SVB s operations or the subsequent acquisition
 by First Citizens Bank. 

73 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and
 procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and
 accounting officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
 design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.

Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
 reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
 GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial
 statements.

74 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
 our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As an emerging growth company,
 management s report is not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

During the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not Applicable.

75 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Our current directors and executive officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Title

Scott Savitz

53

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

Daniel Lynch

37

Chief Financial Officer

Lars Albright

47

Director

Diane Hessan

67

Director

Leonard Schlesinger

69

Director

Scott Savitz has been the Chairman of our board of directors since our inception and our Chief Executive Officer since September 2022. Mr. Savitz is the
 Founder of Data Point Capital and a Managing Partner. Mr. Savitz is a strong advocate of entrepreneurship and innovation, especially where it aims to raise the bar on the consumer experience. Scott is also the founder and former CEO of Shoebuy.com.
 Mr. Savitz founded Shoebuy in 1999, and served as its CEO through its sale to InterActive Corporation IAC ). Further, Mr. Savitz serves on the boards of CoachUp, Jebbit, Print Syndicate, Returnalyze, UpShift, Yieldify and Vee24. Mr. Savitz has also
 previously served as an Advisor for Olejo Stores (acquired by Mattress Firm), On The Spot Systems, Inc. (acquired by Press Ganey), Bluestem Brands (acquired by Capmark Financial Group), and Paintzen (acquired by PPG Industries). Scott also led Data
 Point Capital investments in CABA Designs, CLYPD (sold to AT T), connectRN, DraftKings (NASDAQ: DKNG), Rent The Runway and Resident. He also serves on several committees focused on fostering growth and a more robust economy including the
 Massachusetts Technology Collaborative, Boch Center, and Co-Chair of 12 X 12 and Mass Scale. He is a frequent industry speaker and has received numerous awards and accolades including Ernst Young s New England Entrepreneur of the Year. We
 believe Mr. Savitz is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his significant experience as a founder, executive and director of several public and private companies.

Daniel Lynch has been our Chief Financial Officer since September 2022. Mr. Lynch is the Chief Financial Officer at Data Point Capital. Prior to joining
 Data Point Capital in 2022, Mr. Lynch was Vice President of Finance at Berkshire Partners in Boston from 2016 to 2022. Mr. Lynch began his career in the audit practice of PwC s Boston office serving a variety of public and private asset management
 clients. Mr. Lynch obtained an MS in Accounting from Boston College, and his BA in Accounting from Saint Anselm College . 

Lars Albright has been a member of our board of directors since November 2021. Mr. Albright is a Partner at venture capital firm, Unusual Ventures. Prior to
 Unusual, Mr. Albright was EVP of Merchant Loyalty within the Data Services team at Mastercard, Inc. Before Mastercard, Mr. Albright was CEO and Co-Founder of SessionM, a market leading software platform for customer engagement and loyalty for
 the world s largest consumer brands. SessionM was acquired by Mastercard in the fall of 2019. Prior to co-founding SessionM, Mr. Albright was an executive at Apple, Inc. as a member of Apple s iAd mobile advertising business unit. Before Apple, Mr.
 Albright was a Co-Founder and Senior Vice President of Business Development at Quattro Wireless, a leading mobile advertising platform that was acquired by Apple in 2010. Prior to Quattro, Mr. Albright was Vice President of Business Development at
 m-Qube, North America s dominant mobile aggregator that was acquired by VeriSign in 2006. We believe Mr. Albright is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his experience as a founding entrepreneur across multiple successful
 businesses, investment experience and operating as an executive of several public companies.

Diane Hessan has been a member of our board of directors since November 2021. Ms. Hessan is a successful marketer, entrepreneur, and author. She is the
 founder, Chairman former CEO of Communispace, a consumer insights technology company which was successfully acquired by Omnicom in 2011. During her leadership, the company expanded to over 700 employees and 400 corporate brands in 12 countries,
 and received numerous awards for impact, innovation and culture. Ms. Hessan co-authored the book Customer-Centered Growth: Five Strategies for Building Competitive Advantage , which was a Business Week
 best-seller and was published in 11 languages. She has received many honors for her leadership, including Ernst Young s Entrepreneur of the Year (National Finalist), the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce Entrepreneur of the Year, Boston
 Business Journal Most Admired CEO, the Boston Chamber Pinnacle Award, a Mass High-Tech All-Star, and a range of Best Boss citations. Ms. Hessan has served on the boards of numerous organizations including Panera Bread, Brightcove, Eastern Bank, The
 Tufts University Board of Trustees, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Mass Challenge, The Boston Philharmonic (where she was chair), the Advertising Research Foundation, and Horizons for Homeless Children. She also serves as a Special Advisor to
 Data Point Capital. We believe Ms. Hessan is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of her experience as an entrepreneur, executive and director of several public and private companies.

76 

Table of Contents 

Leonard Schlesinger has been a member of our Board since November 2021. Mr. Schlesinger is a Baker Foundation Professor of Business Administration at
 Harvard Business School where he chairs the school s practice faculty He returned to Harvard after concluding a five-year term as President of Babson College. Prior to Babson, Mr. Schlesinger was at Limited Brands (now L Brands), where he served as
 Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, and before that was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Au Bon Pain. Mr. Schlesinger also serves as a Special Advisor to Data Point Capital and as an advisor to Omnichannel Acquisition
 Corp. Mr. Schlesinger serves as a Director of Viewpost, LLC, a Director of Restoration Hardware, an advisory council member of Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses Initiative, and a member of both the Council on Competitiveness and the Council on
 Foreign Relations. We believe Mr. Schlesinger is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his experience as an executive in a public company and as a director in many public and private companies.

Number, Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Director

Our board of directors consists of four members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for
 those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first
 fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Ms. Hessan, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr.
 Savitz, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Schlesinger and Savitz, will expire at our third annual general meeting.

Prior to the completion of our Business Combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our Founder Shares. In addition, prior to
 the completion of a business combination, holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint
 persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chair or
 co-chair of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the
 company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
 director. We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that Lars Albright, Diane Hessan and Leonard Schlesinger are independent directors. Our
 independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the
 Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation
 committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described
 below. 

77 

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee

The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Albright, Hessan and Schlesinger. Mr. Schlesinger serves as the chair of the audit committee.

Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the Nasdaq and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Schlesinger qualifies as an audit committee financial
 expert as defined in applicable SEC rules.

The audit committee is responsible for:

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be
 performed;

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent
 auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues
 regarding our financial statements or accounting policies;

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the Public Offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such
 noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the Public Offering; and

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee
 will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.

The audit committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the Nasdaq.

Compensation Committee

The members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Albright and Schlesinger. Mr. Schlesinger serves as the chair of the compensation committee.

78 

Table of Contents 

The compensation committee is responsible for:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in
 light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The compensation committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the Nasdaq.

Nominating Committee

The members of our nominating committee are Messrs. Albright and Hessan. Ms. Hessan serves as chair of the nominating committee.

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors.

The nominating committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the Nasdaq.

Director Nominations

Our nominating committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the shareholders. Prior to our Business Combination, the board of
 directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders of our Founder Shares during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a
 special meeting of shareholders). Prior to our Business Combination, holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors.

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in our nominating committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated:

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and
 backgrounds to its deliberations; and

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy
 for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall
 experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.

79 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our
 board of directors.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. Any amendments to or waivers
 of certain provisions of our Code Ethics will be disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K. We did not grant any waivers under our Code of Conduct in 2022. 

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the
 general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has.

80 

Table of Contents 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their
 position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors.
 This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.

Certain of our directors and officers presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers
 or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she
 will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded
 from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent
 permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities
 or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one
 hand, and us, on the other.

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:

Name of Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Scott Savitz

Data Point Capital

Venture Capital

Managing Partner

Daniel Lynch

Data Point Capital

Venture Capital

Chief Financial Officer

Lars Albright

Unusual Ventures

Venture Capital

General Partner

Diane Hessan

Brightcove

Technology

Director

Eastern Bank

Banking

Director

Panera Bread

Restaurant

Director

Schlesinger Group

Marketing Research

Director

Leonard Schlesinger

RH

Home Furnishing

Director

Viewpost

Technology

Director

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between
 our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in
 several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

Our sponsor subscribed for Founder Shares prior to the Close Date and purchased Private Placement Warrants on the Close Date.

81 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder
 Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
 would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we
 do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the Close Date or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally,
 our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to its Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete
 our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or
 sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares
 equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 days after our
 initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
 securities or other property. Except as described herein, the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director
 nominees will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
 combination.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including special purpose
 acquisition companies they may become involved with, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
 law. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior
 to us completing our initial business combination. Therefore, our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the
 period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. These companies may seek to complete a business combination in any location and may not focus on any particular industry for a business combination. Any such companies,
 businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination with a potential acquisition target.

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and pursuing an initial business combination or completing our
 initial business combination. The different timelines of competing business combinations could cause our directors and officers to prioritize a different business combination over finding a suitable acquisition target for our business
 combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business
 combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest, which could negatively impact the timing for a business combination.

Our Sponsor has loaned us 4,600,000 as of the Close Date at no interest. The proceeds of the Sponsor Loan were deposited into the Trust Account and will be repaid or converted into Private
 Placement Warrants, at the discretion of our Sponsor, at a conversion price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant upon the consummation of our Business Combination.

82 

Table of Contents 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our Business
 Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our directors or officers, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another
 independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

In addition, our Sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the our Business Combination, although our Sponsor and its affiliates have no
 obligation or current intention to do so. If our Sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our Sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination.

Furthermore, in no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior
 to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our Business Combination.

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a
 majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and Public
 Shares in favor of our Business Combination.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such
 provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect.
 We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to
 indemnify our officers and directors.

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or
 claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the
 Trust Account due to their ownership of Public Shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we complete a Business Combination.

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
 of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to
 the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

83 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, or their respective affiliates, are
 reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a
 quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, executive officers, or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than
 quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our
 activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to our
 sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination.

After the completion of our Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these
 fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. We have not established any limit
 on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed Business Combination, because the directors of the
 post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by
 a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our Business Combination, although it is possible that
 some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their
 positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management team to remain with us after the consummation of our Business Combination will be a
 determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters.

We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance.

The following table sets forth information available to us at April 1, 2023 with respect to our ordinary shares held by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares;

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially own ordinary shares; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 28,750,000 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, issued and
 outstanding as of April 1, 2023. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the
 Private Placement Warrants as they are not exercisable within 60 days of April 1, 2023.

84 

Table of Contents 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have shared or sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them.

Class A Ordinary Shares

Class B Ordinary Shares (2) 

Approximate

 Percentage of 

Outstanding 

 Ordinary 

 Shares

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially 

 Owned

Approximate 

 Percentage of

 Class

Number of 

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage of 
 Class

5 Holders of the Company

DP Investment Management Sponsor I LLC (our Sponsor) (3) 

2,875,000 (2) (3) 

50.00

10.00

F un ds affiliated with Data Point Capital (4) 

2,875,000 (2) 

50.00 

10.00 

Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust (5) 

1,500,000

6.52

5.22

Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (6) 

1,432,913

6.23

5.00

Saba Capital Management L.P. (7) 

1,175,348

5.11

4.09

Executive Officers and Directors

Scott Savitz (3)(4) 

2,875,000

50.00

10.00

Daniel Lynch

Lars Albright

Diane Hessan

Leonard Schlesinger

All directors and executive officers as a group (5 individuals)

8,875,000

50.00

10.00

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders, directors and executives in this table is 341 Newbury St, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02115.

(2) 

Interests shown consist solely of Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our 
 initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment.

(3) 

The shares reported above are held in the name of our Sponsor. Our Sponsor is governed by three managing members: Scott Savitz, Mike Majors and Geoff Oblak. Each managing member has one
 vote, and the approval of a majority of the managing members is required to approve any action of our Sponsor. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more
 individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of at least a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no
 managing member of our Sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by our Sponsor, even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share
 beneficial ownership of such shares.

(4) 

Consists of 1,929,125 Class B Ordinary Shares held by Data Point Capital III, LP and 945,875 Class B Ordinary Shares held by Data Point Capital III-Q, LP. The
 voting shares of each of Data Point Capital III, LP and Data Point Capital III-Q, LP (the Data Point Capital Entities are held by Data Point Partners III, LLC, the general partner of the Funds. Scott Savitz is a managing member of Data
 Point Partners III, LLC and holds 66.67 of the voting shares of such entity, which requires the affirmative vote of 66.67 of the voting shares to vote or dispose of the shares held by the Funds. Therefore, Scott Savitz may be deemed to
 have beneficial ownership of the shares held by the Funds.

(5) 

Based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022 interests shown are held by Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust. The address of
 the principal business office of Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, Illinois 60563.

85 

Table of Contents 

(6) 

Based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 2, 2023, interests shown are held by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC Highbridge ), a Delaware limited liability company
 and the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts. The business address of Highbridge is 227 Park Avenue, 23 rd Floor, New York, NY 10172.

(7) 

Based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, interests shown are held by Saba Capital Management, L.P. Saba L.P. ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC Saba GP and Boaz R.
 Weinstein Mr. Weinstein ). Mr. Weinstein is the founder and chief investment officer of Saba L.P. Saba L.P., Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein entered into a joint filing statement, dated November 19, 2021. The address of the principal business
 address of Saba L.P., Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, NY 10174.

Our Sponsor and the Funds collectively beneficially own 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our Business Combination.
 Holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our Business Combination. Because of this ownership block, our Sponsor and the Funds may be able to effectively influence the outcome of
 all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our Business Combination.

Our Sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters.

Changes in Control

In the event of the consummation of a Business Combination, there will be a change of control. See Item 1. Business above.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Founder Shares

On May 13, 2021, the Funds and our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,750,000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share. At December 31, 2022,
 the Funds and our Sponsor held, collectively, 5,750,000 Founder Shares.

The Founder Shares are identical to the Public Shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain rights and transfer restrictions, as
 described in further detail below, and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders of the Founder Shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
 pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

The Founder Shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder, and may not
 be redeemed by us.

Private Placement Warrants

Our Sponsor purchased 4,733,333 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 7,100,000 in the aggregate in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of
 the Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell
 any Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 8, 2021
 between us and the Sponsor.

86 

Table of Contents 

If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by May 12, 2023, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares, subject
 to the requirements of applicable law, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

Registration Rights

Holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
 Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion if working capital loans) hold registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
 excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our Business Combination. However,
 the registration rights agreement provides that that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder
 Shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination. We will bear the
 expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the
 completion of our Business Combination and (B) subsequent to our Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
 reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 days after our Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other
 similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of
 our Sponsor with respect to any Founder Shares.

Promissory Note

Prior to the Close Date, the Sponsor agreed to loan us under an unsecured promissory note up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public Offering. The unsecured promissory
 note was non-interest bearing and was due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 and the Close Date. We borrowed an aggregate of 159,025 under the unsecured promissory note and the loan was subsequently repaid in full in connection with the
 consummation of the Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022, there was no amount outstanding under the unsecured promissory note and the unsecured promissory note is no longer available to us.

Sponsor Loan

The Sponsor loaned us 4,600,000 as of the Close Date. The Sponsor Loan bears no interest. The proceeds of the Sponsor Loan were deposited into the Trust Account and can be used to fund the
 redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). The Sponsor Loan shall be repaid or converted into Private Placement Warrants at a conversion price of 1.50 per warrant, at the discretion of the Sponsor, upon the
 consummation of our Business Combination. The Sponsor Loan was extended in order to ensure that the amount in the Trust Account is 10.20 per Public Share. If we do not consummate a Business Combination and the Sponsor Loan has not been converted
 into Sponsor Loan Warrants by such time, we will not repay the Sponsor Loan and its proceeds will be distributed to our public shareholders. The Sponsor has waived any claims against the Trust Account in connection with the Sponsor Loan.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the
 company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
 director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Lars Albright, Diane Hessan and Leonard Schlesinger is independent under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
 independent directors are present.

87 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since inception include:

Year Ended

 December 31, 2022

For the Period

 from April 8, 2021

 (Inception) to

 December 31, 2021

Audit Fees (1) 

134,822 

79,825

Audit-Related Fees

Tax Fees

All Other Fees

Total

134,822 

79,825

(1) 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, review of our unaudited quarterly financial statements
 and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.

Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors

The audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit committee shall review
 and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the audit committee charter.

Our independent registered public accounting firm is, Marcum LLP PCAOB ID #688

88 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)

The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein.

(b)

Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Exhibit

 Number

Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November
 16, 2021 (File No. 001-41041)).

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed by the Company on October 29, 2021 (File
 No. 333-260456)).

4.2 

Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed by the Company on
 October 29, 2021 (File No. 333-260456)).

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed by the Company on October 29, 2021
 (File No. 333-260456)).

4.4 

Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K
 filed by the Company on November 16, 2021 (File No. 001-41041)).

4.5 

Description of Registrant s Securities

10.1 

Letter Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K
 filed by the Company on November 16, 2021 (File No. 001-41041)).

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Account Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 16, 2021 (File No. 001-41041)).

10.3 

Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and the other holders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s Form
 8-K filed by the Company on November 16, 2021 (File No. 001-41041)).

10.4 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by
 the Company on November 16, 2021 (File No. 001-41041)).

10.5 

Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed by the Company on October 29, 2021
 (File No. 333-260456)).

10.6 

Promissory Note, dated October 20, 2021, issued to DP Investment Management Sponsor I LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s Amendment
 No. 1 to Form S-1 filed by the Company on October 29, 2021 (File No. 333-260456)).

10.7 

Promissory Note between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 16,
 2021 (File No. 001-41041)).

24.1 

Power of Attorney (included on the signature pages herein).

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

89 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit

 Number

Description

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None.

90 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 17, 2023

DP CAP ACQUISITION CORP I

By:

/s/ Scott Savitz

Name:

Scott Savitz

Title:

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

91 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Daniel Lynch and Scott Savitz and each or any one of them, his true and lawful
 attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all
 exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act
 and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his
 substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the
 capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name

Title

Date

/s/ Scott Savitz

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

April 17, 2023

Scott Savitz

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Daniel Lynch

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

April 17, 2023

Daniel Lynch

/s/ Lars Albright

Director

April 17, 2023

Lars Albright

/s/ Diane Hessan

Director

April 17, 2023

Diane Hessan

/s/ Leonard Schlesinger

Director

April 17, 2023

Leonard Schlesinger

92 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 brhc10051074_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

As of December 31, 2022, DP Cap Acquisition Corp. I we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered
 under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant Units ), (ii) Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share Class A ordinary shares ), and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 Public Warrants ). In addition, this Description of Securities also references the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares or Founder Shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the
 Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is included to assist in the description of the Class A ordinary shares. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our Sponsor are to DP Investment Management Sponsor I LLC, and references to our Initial Shareholders are to our Sponsor and other
 holders of our Founder Shares prior to the Public Offering. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meaning set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies
 Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value
 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, and 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares, as set out more
 particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.

Units

Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A
 ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement that governs the Public Warrants (the public warrant agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a
 whole number of the Company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole Public Warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.

Holders have the option to continue to hold Units or separate their Units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the Units into Class
 A ordinary shares and Public Warrants. Additionally, the Units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon
 separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade.

Ordinary Shares

Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
 Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. 
 Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares
 that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that
 are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative
 voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends
 when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the
 appointment of directors, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of any directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. In
 addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. In addition, in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction
 outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have ten votes for every Class B ordinary share and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share. The provisions
 of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination and our continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial
 business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares.

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending
 on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination
 to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination.

In accordance with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is
 no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
 Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our Founder Shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business
 combination, holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
 in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
 previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to
 investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions paid to the underwriters. The redemption rights include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem
 its shares. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Class
 A ordinary shares they hold in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination, and (ii) shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial business combination. or to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

2 

Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of Class A ordinary shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not
 required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the
 redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a
 shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like may special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial
 business combination only if we receive the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy who attend and vote at a general meeting
 of the Company. However, the participation of our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a
 majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on
 the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted
 from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Class A ordinary shares sold in our Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess
 Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our
 shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their
 investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess
 Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions,
 potentially at a loss.

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination our Initial Shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares they hold and any Class A ordinary
 shares in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Class A ordinary shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
 transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction.

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our Public Offering, we will (1) cease all operations except for the
 purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Class A ordinary shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
 amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
 number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if
 any), and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to
 provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
 distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our Public Offering or during any Extension Period. However, if our Initial
 Shareholders or our management team acquire Class A ordinary shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Class A
 ordinary shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the
 consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable
 Cayman Islands law.

3 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of
 liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary
 shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
 Account, including interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares, upon
 the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.

Founder Shares

The Founder Shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in
 our Public Offering, and holders of Founder Shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that:

prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any
 reason;

the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;

in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), holders of our Founder Shares will have ten votes for every Founder
 Share and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share;

our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares in connection with the completion of our
 initial business combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Class A ordinary shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
 shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the
 closing of or Public Offering or during any Extension Period, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) their rights to
 liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our Public Offering or during any Extension Period
 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Class A ordinary shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
 the prescribed time frame);

the Founder Shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject
 to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and

the Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights.

If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary
 shares in favor of our initial business combination.

4 

The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating
 distributions from the Trust Account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon
 completion of our Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights
 issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable
 for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, its affiliates
 or any member of our management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate
 of less than one to one.

With certain limited exceptions, our Sponsor, directors and officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B)
 subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
 reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange
 or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Such transfer restrictions are
 referred to herein as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our Sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any Founder Shares.

Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not be
 entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
 These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which
 shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our
 initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our Founder Shares and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to
 one vote.

Register of Members

Under the Companies Act, we must keep a register of members and there shall be entered therein:

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member;

whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue;

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. For these purposes, voting rights means rights conferred on shareholders, including the right to appoint or remove directors, in respect of their shares to vote at general meetings of the
 Company on all or substantially all matters. A voting right is conditional where the voting right arises only in certain circumstances.

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our Company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member
 registered in the register of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members.

5 

Upon the closing of our Public Offering, the register of members was updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members was updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members were deemed to have legal title to
 the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the
 Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position.
 If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court.

Preference Shares

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes 1,000,000 preference shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is
 authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our
 board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover
 effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of our existing management. We have no
 preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares were issued or registered in the Public
 Offering.

Warrants

Public Warrants

Each whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later
 of one year from the closing of the Public Offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, a public warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole Public Warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole
 Public Warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two Units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole Public Warrant. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at
 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under
 the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described
 below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Public Warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a
 Public Warrant, unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered
 holder of the Public Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Public Warrant, the holder of such Public Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Public Warrant and
 such Public Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Public Warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised Public Warrants, the purchaser of a Unit
 containing such Public Warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such Unit.

6 

We have registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants because the Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business
 combination, which may be within one year of our Public Offering. However, because the Public Warrants will be exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our initial business combination, in order to comply
 with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of our initial business combination under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20
 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement filed in connection with our Public Offering or a new
 registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause
 the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating to the Class A
 ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants until the redemption or expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the public warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th business day after
 the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Public
 Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a
 Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their
 Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our commercially
 reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of Class A
 ordinary shares per warrant equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise
 price of the public warrants by (y) the fair market value.

The fair market value means the volume-weighted average last reported share price of the Class A ordinary shares for the ten (10) trading days ending on the third (3 rd trading day prior to the date that on which the notice of exercise is sent to the warrant agent.

Redemption of Public Warrants for cash.

Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, we may call the Public Warrants for redemption for cash:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
 like and for certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination) for any 20 trading
 days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

We will not redeem the Public Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a current
 prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the Public Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities
 Act. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem
 the Public Warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the Public Warrants.

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we
 issue a notice of redemption of the Public Warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its Public Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A
 ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A
 ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) public warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is
 issued.

7 

Redemption procedures and cashless exercise .

If we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above under Redemption of Public Warrants for cash , our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its Public Warrant to do so on a
 cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of Public Warrants that are outstanding and the
 dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our Public Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of
 Public Warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their Public Warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) of our Class A ordinary shares over the
 exercise price of the Public Warrants by (y) the fair market value. For purposes of this paragraph, the fair market value means the volume-weighted average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary
 shares for the ten (10) trading days ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants or its securities broker or intermediary, pursuant to the public warrant
 agreement. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of
 the Public Warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is
 an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the Public Warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our Public Warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our
 Sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all
 warrant holders been required to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below.

A holder of a Public Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Public Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such
 person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding
 immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division
 of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization or share dividend, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise
 of each Public Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares
 equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or
 exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical
 fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, it will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value 
 means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class
 A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, in the regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

8 

In addition, if we, at any time while the Public Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the Public Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above,
 (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such
 dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary
 shares issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
 combination or to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
 of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our Class A ordinary shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the public warrant exercise price will
 be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of
 such event.

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar
 event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be decreased in
 proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares.

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the public warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the
 public warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants
 immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price
 or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such
 issuance to our Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by our Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (the Newly Issued Price (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
 represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume
 weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price,
 the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market
 Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of Public Warrants for cash will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not
 result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as
 an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Public
 Warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer,
 that the holder of the Public Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Public Warrants immediately prior to such event.

9 

However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for
 which each Public Warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or
 redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the Company s amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the Company for approval) under
 circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any
 affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
 Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a public warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a
 shareholder if such Public Warrant holder had exercised the Public Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such
 tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the public warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration
 receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for
 trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the Public
 Warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the public warrant agreement) of the Public
 Warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the Public Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the Public Warrants pursuant to which the holders of the
 Public Warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the Public Warrants. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the Public Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during
 the exercise period of the Public Warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the Public Warrants.

The Public Warrants have been issued in registered form under a public warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant
 agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the public warrant agreement to the
 description of the terms of the warrants and the public warrant agreement set forth herein, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the public
 warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the public warrant agreement as the parties to the public warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to
 not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the Public Warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of
 the registered holders. 

The public warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the
 issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the Public Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.

No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise,
 round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the public warrant holder.

10 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States
 District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act
 but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

Private Placement Warrants

Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to the Public Warrants sold as part of the Units in our Public Offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except,
 among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us.

If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by
 dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market value. For
 these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to
 the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be
 affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our
 securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information.
 Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly
 restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
 to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private
 placement warrants.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues
 and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board
 of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and
 losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims or losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

11 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the
 Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders.

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a
 Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction).

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation
 containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2 3 of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as
 may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The
 consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman
 Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation.

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman
 Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or
 consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is
 incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted
 to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the
 foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of
 creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted.

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are
 further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its
 debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest
 granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer
 is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company
 with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under
 the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation.

12 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed
 procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the
 shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must
 give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent
 including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
 or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the
 fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within
 such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be
 accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the
 fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in
 all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on
 a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date and where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or
 consolidated company.

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions
 involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more
 rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the
 arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or
 extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a
 dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with;

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question;

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the
 shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations.

Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer
 relates is made within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand
 Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders.

13 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through
 contractual arrangements, of an operating business.

Shareholders Suits. Carey Olsen, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the
 Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or
 directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions
 to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which:

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes that have actually been obtained; or

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States.

We have been advised by Carey Olsen, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability
 provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of
 the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts
 of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor
 an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
 respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural
 justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if
 concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between
 ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business
 mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an
 ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection;

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value;

14 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands;

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in
 exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our Public Offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination.
 These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at
 least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general
 meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written
 resolution of all of the company s shareholders.

Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that:

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our Public Offering or during any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
 as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Class A ordinary shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
 expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
 further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case
 to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our Class A ordinary
 shares (a) on our initial business combination; or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions;

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction,
 we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
 opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

15 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our Class A ordinary shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain
 substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust
 Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
 combination or to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our Public Offering, or (B) with respect to any
 other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary
 shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
 income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the
 holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association
 may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of
 association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions
 unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem Class A ordinary shares.

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands

If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money-laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and
 the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to
 (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money
 laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the
 disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.

Cayman Islands Data Protection

We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) and the Data Protection Regulations (As Revised), in each case, of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy . 

16 

Privacy Notice

Introduction

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA personal data ).

In the following discussion, the Company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise.

Investor Data

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or
 retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the
 requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage
 to the personal data.

In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as
 our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us.

We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential
 address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details
 and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity.

Who this Affects

If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals
 connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content.

How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data

The Company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular:

where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements;

where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or

where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms.

Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you.

17 

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data

In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information
 Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities.

We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the US, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your
 personal data on our behalf.

The Data Protection Measures We Take

Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA.

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss
 or destruction of, or damage to, personal data.

We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates.

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully
 engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and
 could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A
 ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Securities Eligible for Future Sale

As of December 31, 2022, there were 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding. These shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under
 the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding Founder Shares (5,750,000 Founder
 Shares) and all of the outstanding private placement shares (4,733,333 shares) will be restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public
 offering.

Rule 144

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time
 of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which
 such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:

18 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which equals 230,000 shares immediately after our Public Offering; or

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with
 respect to the sale.

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that
 have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials),
 other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

As a result, our Sponsor will be able to sell its Founder Shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private
 placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and other
 holders party thereto the registration rights agreement ). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
 piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement
 filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement
 warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
 business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other
 similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other
 agreements of our Sponsor with respect to any Founder Shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up.

19 

Listing of Securities

Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols DPCSU, DPCS and DPCSWS, respectively.

20 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10051074_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
 OF 2002

I, Scott Savitz, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
 10-K of DP Cap Acquisition Corp I; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
 contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
 statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such
 disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such
 internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the
 effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) Any fraud, whether or
 not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023

By:

/s/ Scott Savitz

Scott Savitz

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10051074_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER

PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
 OF 2002

I, Daniel Lynch, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
 10-K of DP Cap Acquisition Corp I; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
 contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
 this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
 statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
 and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such
 internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the
 effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
 such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
 and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

a) All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

b) Any fraud,
 whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023

By:

/s/ Daniel Lynch

Daniel Lynch

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10051074_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of DP Cap Acquisition Corp I (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Scott Savitz, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. The Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023

By:

/s/ Scott Savitz

Scott Savitz

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10051074_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of DP Cap Acquisition Corp I (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Daniel Lynch, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the
 Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023

By:

/s/ Daniel Lynch

Daniel Lynch

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dpcs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 dpcs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dpcs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dpcs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dpcs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

