<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1698113_0001213900-23-030305.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5365919</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283533</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1315189</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1042834</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1354295</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1246463</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030305.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030305
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PARTS iD, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001698113
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING AGENCIES [7311]
		IRS NUMBER:				813674868
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38296
		FILM NUMBER:		23824624

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 RACE STREET, SUITE 200
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		513-618-7161

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 RACE STREET, SUITE 200
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Legacy Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030305.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_partsidinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 0.0001 per share , American 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
last completed second quarter, based upon the closing price of the common stock of 1.55 on such date, was . Excluded from
this amount is the value of all shares beneficially owned by the registrant s sponsor or investors thereof, directors of the registrant,
and the founders of the predecessor company to the registrant. These exclusions should not be deemed to constitute a representation or
acknowledgment that any such individual is, in fact, an affiliate of the registrant or that there are no other persons or entities who
may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. As of April 17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class
A common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating
to its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 i i 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 34 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common
 Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 36 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 36 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 about Market Risk 
 50 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 
 50 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with
 Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 51 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 51 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
 that Prevent Inspections 
 51 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and
 Corporate Governance 
 52 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 56 

SIGNATURES 
 57 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

All statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K that address events, developments or results that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intends, project, forecast, may, 
 might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, seeks, scheduled, or will, and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future periods, future events or our future operating or financial plans or performance,
are made on the basis of management s current views and assumptions with respect to future events, including management s
current views regarding the likely impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain constraints from current economic conditions, record
inflation and the conflict in Ukraine. Any forward-looking statement is not a guarantee of future performance and actual results could
differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statement. We operate in a changing environment where new risks emerge
from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks that may affect us, particularly those associated with the COVID-19
pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine, which have had wide-ranging and continually evolving effects. The forward-looking statements, as
well as our prospects, are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth
in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: 

Our future capital requirements; 

our ability to raise capital and utilize sources of cash; 

our ability to generate sufficient revenue to cover our operating
expenses and to continue to operate with a working capital deficiency; 

our ability to service our obligations and to obtain funding
for our operations; 

the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia has affected
and may continue to affect our business; 

competition and our ability to counter competition, including
changes to the algorithms of Google and other search engines and related impacts on our revenue and advertisement expenses; 

the impact on our business of macro-economic factors including
discretionary spending pressure due to inflation and low savings rates that impact consumer sentiment; 

the impact of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic,
on our business and the actions we may take in response thereto; 

ii 

disruptions in the supply chain and associated impacts on
demand, product availability, order cancellations and cost of goods sold including the economic impacts of record inflation; 

difficulties in managing our international business operations,
particularly in Ukraine, including with respect to enforcing the terms of our agreements with our contractors and managing increasing
costs of operations; 

changes in our strategy, future operations, financial position,
estimated revenue and losses, product pricing, projected costs, prospects and plans; 

the outcome of actual or potential litigation, complaints,
product liability claims, or regulatory proceedings, and the potential adverse publicity related thereto; 

the implementation, market acceptance and success of our
business model, expansion plans, opportunities and initiatives, including the market acceptance of our planned products and services; 

developments and projections relating to our competitors
and industry; 

our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain
intellectual property protection and not infringe on the rights of others; 

our ability to maintain and enforce intellectual property
rights and our ability to maintain our technology position; 

changes in applicable laws or regulations; 

the effects of current and future U.S. and foreign trade
policy and tariff actions; 

disruptions in the marketplace for online purchases of aftermarket
auto parts; 

costs related to operating as a public company; and 

the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other
economic, business, and/or competitive factors. 

See also the section titled Risk
Factors (refer to Part I, Item 1A of this report), and subsequent reports and registration statements filed from time to time
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), for further discussion of certain risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results and events to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Readers of this report are cautioned not to
rely on these forward-looking statements, since there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any intention or obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. This cautionary note is applicable
to all forward-looking statements contained in this report. 

iii 

RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 

Our business, financial condition,
and operating results may be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown. Any one or more of such factors could
directly or indirectly cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past or anticipated future
results of operations and financial condition. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and stock price. We have provided a summary of some of these risks below, with a more detailed
explanation of the risks applicable to us in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

We have a history of losses. 

We have experienced significant declines in revenue and are
not generating sufficient cash flows to cover our operating expenses, and any failure to obtain additional capital will jeopardize our
operations. 

Russian military action against Ukraine has resulted in disruptions
to the operations of our outsourced teams in Ukraine and could have a material adverse effect on our operations, liquidity and business. 

Our business is subject to risks arising from epidemic diseases,
such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our previous growth rates may not be sustainable or indicative
of our future growth, which will depend on: (i) our customers experience, (ii) the economy and disposable income of our customers,
(iii) our product offering, product pricing and fulfillment, (iv) shipping speed and cost optimization, (v) our competitive position
in the aftermarket parts supply market, (vi) changes in search engine algorithms affecting our website s search engine optimization,
and (vii) vendor supplies and vendor performance. 

We are primarily dependent on negative working capital to
finance our business, and any adverse change in the availability of negative working capital, due to any factor, including a decrease
in revenues or a reduction and/or withdrawal of credit terms from our key vendors, could severely impact the liquidity of the Company
and its operations. 

Our business operates on thin operating margins, and even
small changes in our operating scale, revenue growth rate, product costs, advertisement costs, customer traffic patterns, search engine
algorithms, or selling and administrative overhead costs, or any one-time exceptional expense, could have a material impact on our profitability.
If we fail to manage our growth or our cost effectively, our business, financial conditions and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. 

We may be unable to accurately forecast net sales and appropriately
plan our expenses in the future. 

We depend on search engines and other online sources to attract
visitors to our digital commerce platform, and if we are unable to attract these visitors and convert them into customers in a cost-effective
manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be harmed. 

If we are unable to manage the challenges associated with
our international operations, the growth of our business could be limited, and our business could suffer. 

Our growth strategy is dependent upon our ability to expand
our iD branded store in industries outside automotive parts and accessories and to expand beyond our core do-it-yourself DIY customer base into business to business and do-it-for-me DIFM customers,
and these expansion efforts may fail. 

We are highly dependent upon key product vendors. Sales of
products sourced from our top ten product vendors represented approximately 17.8 of our total revenue during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. Our ability to source products from product vendors in amounts and on terms acceptable to the Company is dependent upon factors
that are beyond our control. 

We source most of our private label products, and our product
vendors acquire most of their products, from manufacturers and distributors located in Taiwan and China. We do not have any long-term
contracts or exclusive agreements with our foreign product vendors that would ensure our ability to source the types and quantities of
products we desire at acceptable prices and in a timely manner or that would allow us to rely on customary indemnification protection
with respect to any third-party claims similar to some of our U.S. product vendors. 

We may not be able to properly enforce our agreements with
contractors, service providers or product vendors in international markets. 

iv 

In face intense competition and operate in an industry with
limited barriers to entry, and some of our competitors may have greater resources than us and may be better positioned to capitalize
on the growing online automotive aftermarket parts and accessories market. 

Our business is largely dependent on the personal efforts
and abilities of highly skilled executive and other personnel and the loss of any key employee or our inability to attract or retain
other qualified employees could harm our business and results of operations. 

Any failure to maintain the privacy and security of information,
including personally identifiable information relating to our customers, employees and vendors, whether as a result of cybersecurity
or ransomware attacks on our information systems or otherwise, could damage our reputation, result in litigation or other legal actions
against us, cause us to incur substantial additional costs, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Technology and systems failures, including failures due to
natural disasters or other catastrophic events, could prevent access to our digital commerce platform, which could reduce our net sales
and harm our reputation. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights,
our reputation and brand could be impaired and we could lose customers. 

Claims of intellectual property infringement by parts manufacturers,
distributors or retailers to the validity of aftermarket parts and accessories or related marketing materials could adversely affect
our business. 

We are subject to environmental laws, rules, and regulations,
which may adversely impact our operations, and the failure to comply could result in harm to our reputation and could lead to fines and
other penalties, including restrictions on the importation of our products into, or the sale of its products in, one or more jurisdictions
until compliance is achieved. 

Our business could be adversely affected by an ongoing legal
proceeding with certain stockholders, and because we are involved in litigation from time to time and are subject to numerous laws and
governmental regulations, we could incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees and other costs as well as reputational harm. 

We are incurring significantly increased expenses and administrative
burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on third-party delivery services to deliver products
to our customers on a timely and consistent basis, and any deterioration in our relationship with any one of these third parties or increases
in the fees that they charge could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Shipping is a critical part of our business and any changes
in, or disruptions to, our shipping arrangements could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Further, customers increasing demands for free shipping of products could adversely impact the growth of our business. 

We rely on our bandwidth and data center providers and other
third parties to provide services and products to our customers, and any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third
parties could disrupt our business and cause us to lose customers. 

Demand for the products we sell may be affected by the number
of older vehicles in service as vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers 
warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. 

Demand for the products we sell may be affected by the number
of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair and mileage levels may be
affected by gas prices, ride sharing, the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions to slow its spread and other factors. 

If commodity prices such as fuel, plastic and steel increase,
our margins may be negatively impacted. Demand for the products we sell may be affected by the number of older vehicles in service. Vehicles
seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers warranties and tend to need more maintenance
and repair than newer vehicles. 

Demand for the products we sell may be affected by the number
of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected
by gas prices, ride sharing, the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions to slow its spread and other factors. 

If commodity prices such as fuel, plastic and steel increase,
our margins may be negatively impacted. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

The following discussion reflects, and we, 
 us, our the Company and PARTS iD generally refer to, the business of Onyx Enterprises
Int l, Corp. prior to giving effect to the Business Combination and PARTS iD, Inc. after giving effect to the Business Combination,
as the context indicates, unless the context otherwise refers to Legacy Acquisition Corp. 

Introductory Note 

On November 20, 2020 (the Closing Date ),
PARTS iD, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Legacy Acquisition Corp. Legacy )) (the Company or PARTS
iD ), consummated the previously announced business combination pursuant to that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated
September 18, 2020 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among the Company, Excel Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and directly owned subsidiary of Merger Sub 2 Merger Sub 1 ),
Excel Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub 2 ),
Onyx Enterprises Int l, Corp., a New Jersey corporation Onyx ), and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado
limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the stockholder representative pursuant to the terms of Section 11.16 of the Business
Combination Agreement. 

At the closing of the transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing ), (a) Merger Sub 1 merged with and into Onyx (the First Merger ),
with Onyx surviving as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Merger Sub 2, and (b) promptly following the First Merger, Onyx, as the surviving
company of the First Merger, merged with and into Merger Sub 2 (the Second Merger ). Upon the consummation of the Second
Merger, Merger Sub 2 was the surviving company and Onyx ceased to exist, and Merger Sub 2 became a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company (collectively with the other transactions described in the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ).
On the Closing Date, (i) Legacy changed its name from Legacy Acquisition Corp. to PARTS iD, Inc. and listed its shares of Class A common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock on the NYSE under the symbol ID and (ii) Merger
Sub 2 changed its name to PARTS iD, LLC PARTS iD, LLC ). 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.partsidinc.com. Copies
of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports,
are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished
to, the SEC. In addition, our code of ethics, audit committee charter, compensation committee charter, nominating and corporate governance
committee charter and strategy, technology and risk management committee charter are available free of charge on our website. The public
may read materials we file with the SEC, including reports, proxy and information statements, and other information, on the Internet
site maintained by the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. 

The above references to our website and the SEC s
website do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites and such information should not be
considered part of this document. 

Overview 

PARTS iD, Inc. is a technology-driven, digital
commerce company focused on creating custom infrastructure and unique user experiences within niche markets. The Company was founded
in 2008 with a vision of creating a one-stop digital commerce destination for the automotive parts and accessories market. Management
believes that the Company has since become a market leader and proven brand-builder, fueled by its commitment to delivering an engaging
shopping experience; comprehensive, accurate and varied product offerings; and continued digital commerce innovation. 

At its core, the Company s technology solution
is a data and information platform that enables and facilitates a differentiated digital commerce experience within complex product markets,
as opposed to a pure digital commerce or electronics retailer. The deep technology platform that we have built integrates software engineering
with catalog management, data intelligence, mining and analytics, along with user interface development that utilizes distinctive rules-based
parts fitment software capabilities. In order to handle the ever-growing need for accurate automotive product and parts data, the Company
has utilized cutting-edge computational and software engineering techniques, including Bayesian classification, to enhance and improve
data records and product information and also deliver an engaging user experience. The technology platform also offers the Company fungibility,
which was demonstrated by the fact that it was able to launch seven additional verticals in August 2018. 

1 

Through the journey of building a comprehensive
and complex product portfolio with approximately 18 million SKUs, as well as building an end-to-end digital commerce platform, the Company
has developed a platform for both digital commerce and fulfillment, relying on insights gleaned from over 14 billion data points related
to vehicle parts, a virtual shipping network comprising over 2,500 locations, over 5,000 active brands, and machine-learning algorithms
for complex fitment industries such as vehicle parts and accessories. 

While the Company s platform has been initially
focused on automotive parts and accessories, management believes the Company s platform is scalable and can be applied to other
complex, multi-dimensional fitment, product portfolio industries, in addition to the seven parts and accessories verticals semi-truck,
motorcycle, powersports, RV/camper, boating, recreation and tools that we launched in August 2018. 

The Company has positioned these verticals under
its existing iD brand and believes this will drive brand loyalty among customers and reputation among vendors, ultimately
increasing online traffic, brand visibility, and customer orders for adjacent markets. The Company has since experienced growth in revenue
related to the additional verticals, our original equipment OE business, and our repair parts business. 

Customer service is a key aspect of the experience
the Company offers to its customers throughout their buying journey. The Company has specialized customer support teams which assist
customers in navigating through the platform, addressing any technical questions, order tracking and completing the order. 

Digital Commerce Platform 

The Company s digital commerce platform
was developed in-house from inception as a solution for industries with data limitations and parts fitment complexities, all while making
processes simpler and more efficient. A core differentiator of the Company s digital commerce platform is its purpose-built and
proprietary data catalog developed over more than a decade by collecting, analyzing and refining data regarding original equipment manufacturer,
or OEM, vehicles and aftermarket products and customer feedback to define a universe of accurate Year-Make-Model, or YMM, values. Management
believes this functionality creates a unique user experience path that drives purchase intelligence and increases consumer confidence
and trust. 

2 

The Company s in-house data catalog houses
over 14 billion data points for automobiles and the Company s other seven verticals. This data catalog is designed to tie vehicles
with parts that fit their specific YMM, including the variations of sub-model, engine size, transmission type and drivetrain type, as
well as to recommend complementary products, such as tools required to install purchased parts and accessories. To build its catalog,
the Company aggregates data from multiple sources, cross-pollinates this data to address any gaps in data sets, enriches the catalog
using its proprietary internal data, then applies artificial intelligence to make further improvements. Through this process, the Company s
data catalog can: (i) determine the exact parts fitment for a product by its parameters, even if certain fitment details are originally
missing in manufacturers data feeds; and (ii) rapidly incorporate new SKUs as they become available. Because its data catalog
is continually expanding with each customer interaction, the Company also can offer better purchase recommendations, increase up-sell
opportunities, improve the efficiency of its fulfillment operations, and lower errors and mistakes in orders. These economic and commercial
advantages result in a fly-wheel effect that increases operating leverage and momentum. Because the cost of operating the Company s
data catalog is largely fixed, the Company has been able to expand its customer offerings into adjacent categories at relatively low
incremental costs. The Company s in-house catalog and deep understanding of fitment data helps offer a personalized and tailored
experience to its diverse customer base of DIY, DIFM and PRO (mechanics) customers. The Company is committed to providing an enhanced
customer experience and becoming a one-stop shop and seamless solution for all vehicle enthusiast needs. 

Product Vendors 

The Company provides its product vendors with
access to its large customer base and e-commerce market. The Company s 1000+ product vendors can leverage the Company s disruptive
technology, enhanced fitment data, deep understanding of the market and large customer database to sell and position their innovative
product catalog instantly. Product vendors can benefit from the Company s engaging shopping experience, advanced 3D imagery, in-depth
product description, reviews, installation guides and other tailored content offered by the Company s platform, complemented by
specialized customer service. 

Fulfillment Operations 

The Company s virtual, proprietary, and
capital-efficient fulfillment model manages its sales volume while carrying minimal inventory, which is primarily associated with its
private label products. The Company s platform, which incorporates live or frequently updated inventory feeds from our product
vendors, provides stock-on-hand for approximately 18 million products across over 5,000 active brands. The Company s fulfillment
model decides which product vendor to source from while the sale is made based on a proprietary algorithm, which incorporates factors
such as availability of inventory, customer proximity, shipping cost and profitability. This decentralized, data-driven approach allows
the Company to increase delivery speed through more than 2,500 shipping points from its U.S. vendor network. 

Products 

The Company primarily sells automotive parts
and accessories, including a wide range of goods from automobile accessories, wheels and tires, performance parts, lighting, and repair
parts. In addition, the Company launched seven new verticals in August 2018 and in 2022 the value of the orders received from these verticals
was approximately 9.0 of the Company s total order value. These seven verticals offer parts and accessories for semi-trucks, motorcycles,
powersports (including ATVs, snowmobiles, and personal watercraft), RVs/campers, boats, recreation (including outdoor sports and camping
gear) and tools using the same proprietary platform. 

3 

The Company primarily sources its products from
industry leading brands and product vendors located in the U.S., except that its private label products are largely sourced from foreign
product vendors. Regarding sales of products sourced from our product vendors, no single product vendor accounted for more than 10 of
the Company s total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s inventory on hand, which largely relates
to private label products, was approximately 1.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 1.7 million in value as of December 31, 2021.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the sale value of customers unshipped and undelivered orders were 3.1 million and 15.5 million,
respectively. 

Private Label Product . The Company s
private label business uses proprietary data to identify, import and sell higher margin products that are in demand on its platform.
Management believes that by selecting and pairing a superior import product with its purpose-built and proprietary data catalog, consumers
are provided the option to purchase a high-quality product at a reasonable cost. Private label revenue was less than 10 of the Company s
total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Branded Product . The Company has developed
and implemented application-programming interfaces with the majority of its drop-ship product vendors that allow it to electronically
transmit orders, check inventory availability, and receive the shipment tracking information and share it with its customers. These processes
allow the Company to offer over 5,000 brands on an inventory-free basis, thereby reducing carrying costs and improving margins. 

Industry and Market Opportunity 

The Company s management believes the U.S.
aftermarket automotive market is massive, fragmented, and ripe for disruption as overall consumer preferences are increasingly shifting
to online transactions. Although the ultimate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic remain uncertain and consumer demand for automobile parts
and accessories may be impacted in a recessionary environment. The auto aftermarket continues to have an upward trend despite economic
pressures of inflation. 

According to Hedges Company, the light
duty auto parts industry is projected to be 374 billion in 2023, which includes parts and service. The entire automotive aftermarket/auto
care industry, including medium and heavy-duty parts and services, is projected to be 497 billion in 2023. 

The outlook is mixed
per Market Research SEMA Future Trends 2023 Report (the SEMA Report issued in January 2023. In 2021, demand for
specialty-aftermarket parts was strong, with some companies recording their best sales ever. Retail sales hit a record high of 50.9
billion, over 6 from 2020. This was despite looming challenges on the horizon which materialized more in 2022, such as rising
inflation and supply-chain challenges both of which led to lower inventories and higher prices. Additionally, consumers had
more options to spend their money on, as most sectors of the economy that closed during the pandemic were open once again. The SEMA
Report projected that sales growth slowed in 2022 to around 2 . Looking forward, we expect both prices and supply-chain issues
should normalize. Slow vehicle sales will likely push consumers to hold onto their vehicles longer and purchase more aftermarket
parts. As a result, unless economic conditions change significantly, the industry is expected to return to normal growth levels of
3 to 4 in 2023 and beyond depending on what happens to the economy over the coming year and how will affect consumer spending.
Economic slowing towards the end of 2023 is projected and potentially a recession as the Federal Reserve attempts to combat
inflation. However, if the recession is deeper and more severe, then projections for the industry as well as other sectors will end
up being more pessimistic. However, we believe the industry remains optimistic about the near future. 

4 

The SEMA Report also stated that despite increasing
inventory levels, the average price for new vehicles continues to grow. The average transaction price, without applied consumer incentives,
hit 49,507 in December 2022 the highest price on record. Ultimately, these prices as well as increasing interest rates are putting
downward pressure on sales for dealers and automakers across the country. However, interest rates are likely to remain high for a while
as the Federal Reserve tries to lower inflation. The average interest rate for a new vehicle was 5.16 . This, along with the fact that
model availability is still limited make it difficult for consumers to purchase new right now. Like the market for new vehicles, used-vehicle
sales are also down. Sales for 2022 are projected to have finished more than 4 million units below their 2021 levels. Consumers keep their
vehicles longer as they buy new vehicles less, which means less used inventory is available and puts upward pressure on prices. On top
of this, interest rates for used vehicles on average are even higher than those for a new vehicle loan. As with new-vehicle sales, we
project that it will take until 2025 for used-vehicle sales to return to their pre-pandemic levels of around 40 million units per year.
Similar to new light vehicles in the United States, it s expensive to buy a used vehicle as well. As of November 2022, the average
price of a used vehicle was 27,143. On top of this, the average interest rate on a used-car loan is exceptionally high at 9.34 (December
2022), significantly higher than that for a new vehicle. These prices, along with diminished inventory, are helping to soften sales as
well. Now that used-vehicle sales have cooled off, prices are expected to normalize and become less volatile over the next year or two.
Off-road products and accessories are a significant segment for the specialty equipment industry, with most companies seeing a lot of
opportunity. Pickups and SUVs (especially the Jeep Wrangler) are commonly accessorized for off-road applications. In fact, 62 of pickup
owners buy off-road parts or take their vehicles off-road. Around 80 use their pickup for outdoor recreation uses. A relatively new trend
in the specialty-equipment industry is overlanding. Off-roading and overlanding overlap a fair degree, but overlanding refers to a combination
of remote travel, off-roading and camping. When it comes to our industry, overlanding products would include things like mounted tents.
Overall, our industry sees opportunity in overlanding, but less than it does in the off-road segment. 

Overlanding has garnered a lot of attention at
the past few SEMA Shows. Based on Google search trends, overlanding as a segment is a relatively new concept that didn t become
common until the end of 2018 and spiked at the beginning of the pandemic. Additionally, it s mainly popular with states that have
a lot of off-roading opportunities, especially Utah, Idaho, Montana, Colorado and the Pacific Northwest. Also, sports cars are some of
the most accessorized and enthusiast-owned vehicles on the road today. While produced at much lower numbers than typical passenger cars,
their accessorizers tend to modify them at a much higher rate, installing more specialty aftermarket parts on them than other segments.
The top sports cars for accessorization are often termed muscle cars (most of which are American brands). However, sport compact tuner 
cars are also popular, and include models from Asia and Europe. The industry continues to see significant opportunity for both the muscle
car and tuner markets. Fresh models, such as the Nissan Z and Toyota GR Supra, offer exciting new platforms for accessorization and modification. 

Many companies within the specialty-equipment
industry also see opportunity in the racing parts market. In 2021, racing parts accounted for 7.79 billion in part sales. Now that the
country has mostly moved on from the pandemic and racing has resumed full time, parts sales within this market are expected to grow. 

After a turbulent few years for the racing industry
due to the pandemic, racing is moving into 2023 with significant momentum, and the industry is optimistic for the future. In 2023, 93 
of racing part manufacturers, retailers and distributors expect sales to stay the same or grow with 55 expecting a sales increase.
When it comes to racetracks, 95 expect to host at least the same number of races in 2023, with 34 expecting to host more. 

5 

In addition to passenger cars and light trucks,
the specialty-equipment industry also sees opportunity in selling parts for other powersport and recreational vehicles especially
ATVs and UTVs. This opens potential cross-selling opportunities in addition to selling parts for their car or truck. 

The Company has historically focused specialty
automotive equipment market but is seeking to accelerate its growth through automotive repairs, targeted international expansion and the
addition of new verticals. The Company s other product verticals present an aggregate market opportunity expected to exceede 100
billion. 

Market Size 

(1) 2022 forecast published by Hedges Company based on Auto Care
Association/AASA Channel Forecast Model; (2) 2021 SEMA Market Report. (3) Outdoor Industry Association, IBIS World, Global Market Insights,
Technavio, Freedonia, National Marine Manufacturers Association 

SEMA Future Trends January 2022 report 

6 

Marketing 

Management believes its customers core
need is to find the right parts that fit their vehicle at the best price and are delivered on time. Our marketing strategies are designed
around customer acquisition and retention which includes paid and non-paid advertising. Our paid advertising primarily includes search
engine marketing, display, paid social media, and paid partnerships. Our non-paid advertising efforts include search engine optimization,
non-paid social media and e-mail marketing. 

The Company currently drives traffic to its platform
primarily with search engines; 72 of the Company s traffic and 60 of its revenue in 2022 was acquired in this manner. Once on
the platform, customers are presented with the Company s proprietary marketing and product content that is created via in-house,
multi-step image and video processing. Automated image refinement and the Company s creative design team work to ensure consistency
and quality across all content, including the product images presented to customers on the Company s platform. Product pages on
the Company s platform present customers with multiple, customized product choices, plus cross-sell and up-sell opportunities,
as well as training materials, product comparison information, installation instructions and customer reviews. Customers have the option
to shop and explore on the Company s platform in multiple ways, including by part number, brand or product category. 

Competition 

The parts and accessories industries in which
the Company sells its products are competitive and fragmented, and products are distributed through multi-tiered and overlapping channels.
The Company competes with both online and offline sellers that offer parts and accessories, repair parts and OEM parts to either the
DIY or the DIFM consumer groups. Current or potential competitors include (i) online retailers, including both niche retailers of uncommon,
highly specialized products and general retailers of a larger number of broadly available products; (ii) national parts retailers such
as Advance Auto Parts, AutoZone, NAPA and O Reilly Auto Parts; (iii) internet-based marketplaces such as Amazon.com and eBay.com;
(iv) discount stores and mass merchandisers; (v) local independent retailers; (vi) wholesale parts distributors and (vii) manufacturers,
product vendors and other distributors selling online directly to consumers. The Company faces significant competition from these and
other retailers in the United States and abroad. Most of these competitors are, and will be, substantially larger than the Company, and
have substantially greater resources and operating histories. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to keep pace with
the technological or product developments of its competitors. These companies also compete with the Company in recruiting and retaining
highly qualified technical and professional personnel and consultants. 

Competitive factors in the markets the Company
serves include fitment data and related intelligence, technology, customer experience, customer service, range of product offerings,
product availability, product quality, price and shipping speed. Management believes its custom-built tech-stack for the complex, multi-dimensional
automotive parts and accessories industry, which offers over 5,000 active brands and approximately 18 million unique SKUs, provides it
with a unique competitive advantage. 

There are several key
competitive strengths that management believes highlight the attractiveness of the Company s platform business model and underscore
how PARTS iD, Inc. is differentiated from its competition, including: 

1. The Company s distinctive
technology, customer-first UI, and proprietary fitment data that enables a differentiated shopping experience for the automotive parts
consumer. Unlike any other consumer product category, we believe that the success or failure of selling automotive parts, and especially
aftermarket accessories at scale, comes down to rich and comprehensive fitment data. We believe that the Company has been successful
at developing its own proprietary fitment database which is not licensed for use to any other person or entity. 

7 

2. We believe that the Company s product catalog of over
eighteen million products and over forty-five hundred brands is unrivaled. Our comprehensive catalog is enriched with over fourteen billion
data points, advanced 3D imagery, in-depth product descriptions, customer reviews, installation and fitment guides, as well as other
rich custom content specifically catering to the needs of the automotive aftermarket industry and is further complemented by our highly
trained and specialized customer service. 

The Company s proprietary and asset-light fulfillment
model has enabled us to grow organically without external capital. This platform model is enabled by a network of over one thousand suppliers
which we have cultivated relationships with and integrated over the last fifteen years. This has enabled us to further scale our catalog
size and to add adjacent verticals which allows us to offer a broader array of product lines over our competitors. Furthermore, our geo-sourcing
fulfillment algorithm factors in real-time inventory when available, customer proximity, shipping cost, and profitability to optimize
product sourcing. This algorithmic approach allows us to increase fill rate and delivery speed. 

3. The Company s differentiated customer experience is
a result of rich content, wide product range with ease of selection, proprietary fitment data, and highly trained customer service representatives,
providing a data-driven engagement platform for discovery and inspiration. This is demonstrated by: 

a. the Company s Net Promoter Score continues to be between 60 
70; 

b. the Company s overall product return rate across all
eight verticals is consistently within the range of 5 - 6 versus industry averages of more than 20 ; and 

c. repeat customer revenue was
34 of total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022. 

The
Company has invested sixteen years in building its proprietary platform and we believe that our investment in technology and data has
allowed us to expand into adjacent verticals, leveraging a capital-efficient just-in-time inventory model to offer our consumers an extensive
selection and customer experience. 

Intellectual Property 

The Company owns a number of trade names, service
marks and trademarks, including iD, CARiD, BOATiD, MOTORCYCLEiD, CAMPERiD, 
 POWERSPORTSiD, TOOLSiD, TRUCKiD, RECREATIONiD and more, for use in connection
with its business. In addition, the Company owns and has registered trademarks for certain of its private label brands. Management believes
these trade names, service marks and trademarks are important to the Company s sales and marketing strategy. 

Environmental Matters 

The Company is subject to various federal, state
and local laws and governmental regulations relating to the operation of its business, including those governing the use and transportation
of hazardous substances and emissions-related standards, established by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ),
and similar state-level regulators, including the California Air Resources Board CARB ). 

8 

While the Company has processes in place to ensure
that products are sold in compliance with the requirements imposed by the EPA and similar state-level regulators, all verification processes
have inherent limitations. The Company has been, is currently, and may in the future be the subject of regulatory proceedings initiated
by the EPA, CARB or other applicable regulatory bodies, and the results of such proceedings are uncertain. For additional information,
see Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Although management believes that the Company
is in substantial compliance with currently applicable environmental laws, rules, and regulations, it is unable to predict the ultimate
impact of adopted or future laws, rules, and regulations on its business, properties or products. Such laws, rules, or regulations may
cause the Company to incur significant expenses to achieve or maintain compliance, may require it to modify its product offerings, may
adversely affect the price of or demand for some of its products, and may ultimately affect the way the Company conducts its operations.
Failure to comply with these current or future laws, rules, or regulations could result in harm to the Company s reputation and/or
could lead to fines and other penalties, including restrictions on the importation of the Company s products into, or the sale
of its products in, one or more jurisdictions until compliance is achieved. 

Seasonality 

The Company s revenue is relatively evenly
distributed throughout the year, although sales typically spike during the spring months upon the distribution to the general public
by the IRS of income tax refunds and during the winter holiday season. While the Company expects that seasonality will not have a significant
impact on its sales, it recognizes that future revenues may be affected by these seasonal trends as well as cyclical trends affecting
the overall economy, especially the automotive parts and accessories industry. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed 65 full-time
employees, all in the United States. As of April 14, 2023, the Company employed 26 full-time employees, all in the United States. None
of the Company s employees are represented by a labor union, and management believes that the Company s relations with its
employees are good. Most of our call center, web-site development, IT infrastructure support and back-office services are provided by
independent contractors in Ukraine, Belarus, Philippines, and Costa Rica. Our outside U.S. operations allow us to access requisite talent
at a significantly lower cost compared to U.S.-based talent. In June 2022, we took steps to reduce our costs by reducing our employment
base in the United States, and reducing our independent contractors in Ukraine, the Philippines, and Costa Rica, and by reducing other
operating expenses. In February 2023, we announced that the Company reduced its employment base by two-thirds in the United States and
similarly significantly reduced its independent contractors in Ukraine, Costa Rica and the Philippines. For more information, see Note
14 Subsequent Events included elsewhere in this report. 

9 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report,
the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing
our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of significant risk
factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or
that we currently deem immaterial, also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. You should carefully consider these risks
and uncertainties before investing in our securities. 

Risks Related to the Company s Finances 

The
Company has a history of losses. 

The Company has a history of low operating margins
and losses. The Company continues to focus on growing its business in the near term, with increasing investments in its business, which
may result in the incurrence of additional losses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 17.9 million,
compared to net a net loss of 8.0 million in 2021. In 2022, a slight decrease in gross margin and a decrease in advertising spend due
to liquidity issues substantially reduced the profitability of the Company. With continuing supply chain constraints and liquidity concerns,
the Company s financial condition for 2023 could also be adversely impacted by lower gross margins and lower advertising spend thus
reducing revenues. If the Company incurs substantial net losses in the future, it could impact the Company s liquidity, as it may
not be able to provide positive cash flows from operations in order to meet its working capital requirements. The Company may need to
sell additional assets or seek additional equity and or debt financing in the future. However, there can be no assurance that the Company
would be able to raise such additional financing or engage in such asset sales on acceptable terms, or at all. If the Company s
net losses were to continue, and if the Company is not able to raise adequate additional financing or proceeds from asset sales to continue
to fund its ongoing operations, it will need to defer, reduce or eliminate significant planned expenditures, restructure or significantly
curtail its operations, file for bankruptcy or cease operations. 

The Company has experienced significant
declines in revenue and is not generating sufficient cash flows to cover its operating expenses, and any failure to obtain additional
capital will jeopardize its operations. 

Other than the funding provided by JGB (as defined
below) in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the proceeds received from the issuance of Convertible Notes in the first quarter of 2023, we
currently do not have any other committed sources of capital and we have very limited liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had negative working capital of approximately 41.6 million and has continued to experience declining revenues. While we have operated
with a working capital deficiency since our inception, this combined with declined profitability had caused us to consume approximately
 18.5 million in cash from operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Since then, we have been unable to generate sufficient
cash from our operating activities or obtain sufficient financing to cover our operating expenses to date. If our revenues do not increase
and continue to decline, we may be forced to discontinue our operations. In addition, we have experienced recent unfavorable changes in
our credit terms from our vendors due to our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to cover our operating expenses. We need to raise
additional capital in the near future, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, to continue funding the operations and
development of our business. Even if we are able to raise additional capital, we may raise capital by selling equity securities, which
will be dilutive to our existing stockholders. If we incur indebtedness, costs of financing may be extremely high, and we will be subject
to default risks associated with such indebtedness, which may harm our ability to continue the Company s operations as a going concern.
We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue and positive cash flow to successfully continue our
business operations. 

Changes in customer, product, vendor or
sourcing sales mix could cause the Company s gross margin and ultimately operating margins to decline; failure to mitigate these
pressures could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 

The Company s gross margins are dependent
on the mix of products it sells, decisions to drop-ship rather than stock products in its distribution centers, decisions to offer private
label alternatives or branded offerings, price changes by its vendors, pricing actions by competitors, and the mix of paid and organic
traffic to its e-commerce platform and economic conditions. In addition, the Company s margin could be adversely affected by any
consumer shift away from its private label products. Declines in the Company s margins could adversely affect its results of operations
and financial condition. 

We may be unable to accurately forecast net sales and appropriately
plan our expenses in the future. 

Net sales and results of operations are difficult
to forecast because they generally depend on the volume, timing and type of orders we receive, all of which are uncertain. We base our
expense levels and investment plans on our estimates of net sales and gross margins. We cannot be sure the same growth rates, trends,
and other key performance metrics are meaningful predictors of future growth. If our assumptions prove to be wrong, we may spend more
than we anticipate acquiring and retaining customers or may generate lower net sales per active customer than anticipated, either of
which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

10 

Risks Related to the Company s Business and Industry 

The Company depends on search
engines and other online sources to attract visitors to its digital commerce platform, and if the Company is unable to attract these
visitors and convert them into customers in a cost-effective manner, its business and results of operations will be harmed. 

The Company s success depends
on its ability to attract customers in a cost-effective manner. The Company s investments in marketing may not effectively reach
potential consumers or those consumers may not decide to buy from it or the volume of consumers that purchase from it may not yield the
intended return on investment. In order to drive traffic to its digital commerce platform, the Company relies on relationships with providers
of online services, search engines, shopping comparison sites and marketplace sites to provide content, advertising banners and other
links. In particular, the Company relies on Google as an important marketing channel, and if Google changes its algorithms or if competition
increases for advertisements on Google or the Company s other marketing channels, the Company may be unable to cost-effectively
attract customers to its products. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 49 of the Company s revenue was directly attributable
to organic and paid traffic from Google. 

In addition, many of the parties with
whom the Company has online-advertising arrangements could provide advertising services to other companies, including retailers with
whom the Company competes. As competition for online advertising has increased, the cost for these services has also increased. With
the growing awareness of the importance of digital commerce channels, many of the Company s competitors are investing to acquire
customers at a much higher cost and with a much lower profitability threshold, including through free shipping and other loss leaders.
A significant increase in the cost of the marketing channels, including a change in the proportion of paid and free traffic upon which
the Company relies, could adversely impact its ability to attract customers in a cost-effective manner and harm its business and results
of operations. Further, while the Company uses promotions as a way to drive sales, these promotional activities may not drive sales and
may adversely affect its gross margins. 

Similarly, if any free search engine,
price comparison and shopping engine, or marketplace site on which the Company relies begins charging fees for listing or placement,
or if one or more of the search engines, price comparison and shopping engines, marketplace sites or other online sources on which the
Company relies for purchased listings increases their fees, or modifies or terminates its relationship with the Company, including by
restricting certain categories of products, the Company s expenses could rise, it could lose customers, and traffic to its digital
commerce platform could decrease. Moreover, if the use of price comparison and shopping engines by consumers continues to increase in
popularity, the Company may face increased pricing pressure or suffer reduced sales as consumers are more readily able to price compare
among online shopping platforms. 

The Company s growth is dependent on several
factors which may not be achieved. 

The Company believes that its continued
growth will depend upon the success of its multiple initiatives and higher traffic and conversion rates, which primarily depend on (i)
customer experiences, (ii) the economy and customers disposable income, (iii) the Company s product offerings, product pricing
and fulfillment, (iv) shipping speed and cost optimization, (v) the Company s competitive position in the aftermarket parts supply,
(vi) changes in search engine algorithms affecting the Company s website s search engine optimization, and (vii) vendor supplies
and vendor performance. 

11 

If the Company is unable to manage
the challenges associated with its international operations, its operations and business could suffer and the growth of its business
could be limited. 

The Company maintains international
business operations in Ukraine, Belarus, the Philippines and Costa Rica. These international operations include development and maintenance
of the Company s websites and call center and back-office support services. The Company is subject to several risks and challenges
that specifically relate to its international operations. If the Company is unable to address and overcome these challenges, its operations
could be interrupted or its growth could be limited, which may have an adverse effect on its business and operating results. These risks
and challenges include: 

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations,
including any impairment to its relationship with contractors, including the lead contractor of the Company s Ukraine operations,
as well as service providers controlled by that lead contractor; 

concentration of knowledge and control held by the lead contractor
of the Company s Ukraine operations, his affiliate and service providers controlled by that lead contractor regarding material
aspects of the Company s information technology and cybersecurity frameworks; 

changes in operating costs charged by the Company s
Ukrainian service providers, who are controlled by the Company s lead contractor in Ukraine; 

increasing competition with respect to technology resources
in Ukraine, leading to higher costs and higher attrition; 

restrictions imposed by local labor practices and laws on
its business and operations; 

exposure to different business practices and legal standards; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

the imposition of government controls and restrictions; 

political, social and economic instability and the risk of
war, terrorist activities or other international incidents; 

the failure of telecommunications and connectivity infrastructure; 

natural disasters and public health emergencies, including
the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; and 

potentially adverse tax consequences, including the possible
imposition of increased withholding taxes or the re-classification of contractors as employees under local law. 

The Company s growth strategy
is dependent upon its ability to expand its iD branded store in industries outside automotive parts and accessories and
to expand beyond its core DIY customer base into business to business and DIFM customers. 

While the Company s
digital commerce platform initially focused solely on automotive parts and accessories, management believes its platform is scalable.
Accordingly, management believes that its application to other complex product portfolio industries, including the seven parts and accessories
verticals launched in August 2018 under the iD brand (i.e., semi-truck, motorcycle, powersports, RV/camper, boating, recreation
and tools), will continue to drive brand loyalty among customers and reputation among vendors and increase customer orders from adjacent
markets. However, the Company can provide no assurance that this strategy will continue to be successful. The Company s parts and
accessories verticals may fail to attract new customers or appeal to the Company s customers of automotive products, or the customers
of each vertical may be more segmented than the Company expects, thereby limiting its ability to develop and maintain cross-vertical
brand loyalty. The Company may also struggle to populate its additional verticals with a comprehensive assortment of products, which
management believes is important to attract and retain customers. Additionally, within the automotive parts and accessories space, the
Company s growth strategy is focused on expanding beyond its core DIY customer base by increasing business-to-business sales and
sales to DIFM customers. These prospective customers may not be receptive to the Company s marketing efforts, product offerings,
or current speed of fulfillment or shipping, or may remain committed to using their existing product vendors. If for these or other reasons
the Company is unable to continue to execute its growth strategy, its results of operations and financial conditions could be adversely
affected. 

12 

Purchasers of aftermarket automotive parts
and accessories may not choose to shop online, which would prevent the Company from acquiring new customers who are necessary to the
growth of its business. 

The online market for automotive parts and accessories
is less developed than the online market for many other business and consumer products and currently represents only a small part of
the overall automotive parts and accessories market. The Company s success will depend in part on its ability to attract new customers
and to convert customers who have historically purchased automotive parts and accessories through traditional retail and wholesale operations.
Specific factors that could discourage or prevent prospective customers from purchasing from the Company include: 

concerns about buying automotive parts and accessories without
face-to-face interaction with sales personnel; 

the inability to physically handle, examine and compare products; 

delivery time associated with internet orders; 

concerns about the security of online transactions and the
privacy of personal information; 

delayed shipments or shipments of incorrect or damaged products; 

increased costs related to shipping; 

the inconvenience associated with returning or exchanging
items purchased online; 

limited or no installation options or support for many products
purchased online; 

our inability to supply products due to supply chain disruptions. 

If the online market for automotive parts and
accessories does not gain widespread acceptance, the Company s sales may decline and its business and financial results may suffer. 

If demand for the Company s products slows, then its business
may be materially adversely affected. 

Demand for the products the Company sells may be affected by several
factors it cannot control, including: 

the number of older vehicles in service. Vehicles seven years
old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers warranties and tend to need more maintenance and
repair than newer vehicles. 

the economy. In periods of declining economic conditions,
consumers may reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such conditions may affect
the Company s customers ability to obtain credit. During periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of the Company s
DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their vehicles instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new
vehicles. 

the weather. Milder weather conditions may lower the failure
rates of automotive parts, while extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may cause the Company s customers to defer maintenance
and repair on their vehicles. Further, drastic weather storms, such as hurricanes and winter storms, can have an immediate negative impact
on the demand for the Company s products. 

technological advances. Advances in automotive technology,
such as electric vehicles, and parts design can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer. 

the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher
vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices, ride sharing, the COVID-19
pandemic and related restrictions to slow its spread and other factors. 

13 

the number and quality of the vehicles manufactured by original
vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles. In turn, supply chain constraints can
impact the consequent production of new vehicles, such as the recent disruptions to the global availability of chips required for the
production of new vehicles. 

restrictions on access to telematics and diagnostic tools
and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation. These restrictions may cause vehicle
owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. 

decrease in vehicle ownership due to wider adoption of on-demand
transportation and ride sharing services. 

any change in consumer discretionary spend. This impacts
the demand for the Company s accessories business materially, which business comprises more than 46 of our total revenue. 

These factors could result in a decline in the
demand for the Company s products, which could adversely affect its business and overall financial condition. 

The growth of our business depends on our
ability to accurately predict consumer trends, successfully introduce new products and services, improve existing products and services,
and expand into new offerings 

Our growth depends, in part, on our ability to
successfully introduce new products and services and improve and reposition our existing products and services to meet the requirements
of our customers. It also depends on our ability to expand our offerings, which depends on our ability to predict and respond to evolving
consumer trends, demands and preferences. The development and introduction of innovative new products and services and expansion into
new offerings can be costly. In addition, it may be difficult to establish new supplier or partner relationships and determine appropriate
product selection when developing a new product, service or offering. 

Any new product, service or offering may not
generate sufficient customer interest and sales to become profitable or to cover the costs of its development and promotion and, as a
result, may reduce our operating income. In addition, any such unsuccessful effort may adversely affect our brand and reputation. If
we are unable to anticipate, identify, develop or market products, services or any new offerings that respond to changes in consumer
requirements and preferences, or if our new product or service introductions, repositioned products or services, or new offerings fail
to gain consumer acceptance, we may be unable to grow our business as anticipated, our sales may decline and our margins and profitability
may decline or not improve. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected. 

In addition, while we plan to continue to invest
in the development of our business, we may be unable to maintain or expand sales of our proprietary brand products for a number of reasons,
including the loss of key suppliers and product recalls. Maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability
of our proprietary brand products for our customers is essential to developing and maintaining customer loyalty and brand awareness.
Our proprietary brand products on average provide us with higher gross margins than the comparable third-party brand products that we
sell. Accordingly, our inability to sustain the growth and sales of our proprietary brand offerings may materially and adversely affect
our projected growth rates, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

14 

Our estimate of the size of market opportunities may prove to
be inaccurate. 

Data for retail sales of products is collected
for most, but not all channels, and as a result, it is difficult to estimate the size of the market and predict the rate at which the
market for our products will grow, if at all. While our market size estimates are made in good faith and are based on assumptions and
estimates we believe to be reasonable, these estimates may not be accurate. If our estimates of the size of our addressable market and
market opportunities are not accurate, our potential for future growth may be less than we currently anticipate, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented
by international markets, we may not be successful in expanding our operations outside the U.S. 

Our strategy may include the expansion of our
operations to international markets. Although some of our executive officers have experience in international business from prior positions,
we have little experience with operations outside the U.S. Our ability to successfully execute this strategy is affected by many of the
same operational risks we face in expanding our U.S. operations. In addition, our international expansion may be adversely affected by
our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers, obtain and protect relevant trademarks, domain names, and other intellectual
property, as well as by local laws and customs, legal and regulatory constraints, political and economic conditions and currency regulations
of the countries or regions in which we may intend to operate in the future. Risks inherent in expanding our operations internationally
also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, domestic and international
tariffs and other barriers to trade. 

The Company is dependent upon relationships with product vendors
in Taiwan and China for most of its products. 

The Company acquires a majority of its private
label products, and its product vendors acquire a majority of their products, from manufacturers and distributors located in Taiwan and
China. The Company does not have any long-term contracts or exclusive agreements with its foreign product vendors that would ensure its
ability to acquire the types and quantities of products it desires at acceptable prices and in a timely manner or that would allow it
to rely on customary indemnification protection with respect to any third-party claims similar to some of its U.S. product vendors. 

In addition, because many of the Company s
direct and indirect product vendors are outside of the United States, additional factors could interrupt its relationships or affect
the Company s ability to acquire necessary products on acceptable terms, including: 

political, social and economic instability and the risk of
war or other international incidents in Asia or abroad; 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that may
increase cost of products; 

imposition of duties, taxes, tariffs or other charges on
imports; 

difficulties in complying with import and export laws, regulatory
requirements and restrictions; 

natural disasters and public health emergencies, such as
COVID-19; 

import shipping delays resulting from foreign or domestic
labor shortages, slow-downs, or stoppages; 

15 

the failure of local laws to provide a sufficient degree
of protection against infringement of its intellectual property; 

imposition of new legislation relating to import quotas or
other restrictions that may limit the quantity of its product that may be imported into the U.S. from countries or regions where it does
business; 

financial or political instability in any of the countries
in which its products are manufactured; 

potential recalls or cancellations of orders for any product
that does not meet its quality standards; 

disruption of imports by labor disputes or strikes and local
business practices; 

political or military conflict involving the United States
or any country in which its product vendors are located, which could cause a delay in the transportation of its products, an increase
in transportation costs and additional risk to product being damaged and delivered on time; 

heightened terrorism security concerns, which could subject
imported goods to additional, more frequent or more thorough inspections, leading to delays in deliveries or impoundment of goods for
extended periods; 

inability of its non-U.S. product vendors to obtain adequate
credit or access liquidity to finance their operations; and 

its ability to enforce any agreements with its foreign product
vendors. 

If the Company or its vendors were unable to
import products from China and Taiwan in a cost-effective manner or at all, it could suffer irreparable harm to its business and be required
to significantly curtail its operations, file for bankruptcy or cease operations. COVID-19 related supply chain constraints have caused
delays in products procurement, increases in shipping cost and increases in our order cancellation rates. 

From time to time, the Company may also have
to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce its legal rights with foreign product vendors. However, it may be more difficult
to evaluate the level of legal protection the Company enjoys in Taiwan and China and the corresponding outcome of any administrative
or court proceedings than in comparison to its product vendors in the United States. 

The Company depends on third-party delivery
services to deliver products to its customers on a timely and consistent basis, and any deterioration in its relationship with any one
of these third parties or increases in the fees that they charge could harm its reputation and adversely affect its business and financial
condition. 

The Company relies on third parties for the shipment
of products, including a single carrier for most of its shipping needs, and it cannot be sure that these relationships will continue
on terms favorable to it, or at all. In 2021, our shipping costs substantially increased, and may continue to increase, and we have not
been able, and may continue to not be able, to pass all these costs directly on to its customers. Any increased shipping costs could
harm the Company s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations by increasing its costs of doing business
and reducing gross margins, which would negatively affect its operating results. 

In addition, if the Company s relationships
with these third parties, especially the single carrier the Company relies upon for the majority of its shipping needs, are terminated
or impaired, or if these third parties are unable to deliver products for the Company, whether due to a labor shortage, slow down or
stoppage, deteriorating financial or business conditions, responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, terrorist attacks or for any other reason,
the Company would be required to use alternative carriers for the shipment of products to its customers. Changing carriers could have
a negative effect on the Company s business and operating results due to reduced visibility of order status and package tracking
and delays in order processing and product delivery, and it may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis, upon terms
favorable to it, or at all. 

16 

The Company relies on bandwidth and data
center providers and other third parties to provide products to its customers, and any failure or interruption in the services provided
by these third parties could disrupt its business and cause it to lose customers. 

The Company relies on third-party vendors, including
data center and bandwidth providers. Any disruption in the network access or co-location services, which are the services that house
and provide internet access to the Company s servers, provided by these third-party providers or any failure of these third-party
providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could significantly harm the Company s business. Any financial or other difficulties
the Company s providers face may have negative effects on the Company s business, the nature and extent of which cannot be
predicted. The Company exercises little control over these third-party vendors, which increases its vulnerability to problems with the
services they provide. 

The Company also licenses technology from third
parties, including software packages, ERP systems, system applications, hosting services, and related databases, to facilitate elements
of its digital commerce platform, back-office support and accounting systems. The Company has experienced and expects to continue to
experience interruptions and delays in service and availability for these elements. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced
in connection with these third-party technologies could negatively impact the Company s relationship with its customers and adversely
affect its business. The Company s systems also heavily depend on the availability of electricity, which also comes from third-party
providers. Information systems such as the Company s may be disrupted by even brief power outages, or by the fluctuations in power.
This could disrupt the Company s business and cause it to lose customers. 

The Company is highly dependent upon key product vendors. 

The Company s top ten product vendors represented
approximately 17.8 of its total revenue during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to acquire products
from its product vendors in amounts and on terms acceptable to it is dependent upon a number of factors that could affect its product
vendors and which are beyond its control. For example, financial or operational difficulties that some of the Company s product
vendors may face could result in an increase in the cost of the products the Company purchases from them. If the Company does not maintain
its relationships with its existing product vendors or develop relationships with new product vendors on acceptable commercial terms,
it may not be able to continue to offer a broad selection of merchandise at competitive prices and, as a result, it could lose customers
and its sales could decline. 

The Company outsources the distribution and fulfillment
operation for most of the products it sells and is dependent on drop-ship product vendors to manage inventory, process orders and distribute
those products to its customers in a timely manner. For the year ended December 31, 2022, products shipped by drop-ship product vendors
represented the vast majority of the Company s total revenue. Because the Company outsources several traditional retail functions
to product vendors, it has limited control over how and when orders are fulfilled. The Company also has limited control over the products
that its product vendors purchase or keep in stock. The Company s product vendors may not accurately forecast the products that
will be in high demand or they may allocate popular products to other resellers, resulting in the unavailability of certain products
for delivery to the Company s customers. Any inability to offer a broad array of products at competitive prices and any failure
to deliver those products to the Company s customers in a timely and accurate manner may damage the Company s reputation
and brand and could cause it to lose customers and its sales to decline. 

In addition, the increasing
consolidation among automotive parts and accessories product vendors may disrupt or end the Company s relationship with some product
vendors, result in product shortages and/or lead to less competition and, consequently, higher prices. Furthermore, as part of its routine
business, product vendors extend credit to the Company in connection with its purchase of their products. In the future, the Company s
product vendors may limit the amount of credit they are willing to extend to the Company in connection with its purchase of their products,
including as a result of the Company s public disclosure of its financial statements. If this were to occur, it could impair the
Company s ability to acquire the types and quantities of products that it desires from the applicable product vendors on acceptable
terms, severely impact its liquidity and capital resources, limit its ability to operate its business and could have a material adverse
effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

The pandemic and related
measures have recently caused supply chain constraints, leading to some of our key suppliers having low in-stock rates. This has led
to higher order cancellations by our customers due to vendors going out of stock or shipping delays, part of which led us to turn to
alternate sourcing of products at higher prices. Due to various factors, including vaccine transportation, the shipping capacities of
our carriers were reduced, and they increased our shipping costs. A few of our smaller vendors have also been consolidating their shipping
locations, thereby increasing delivery time and shipping costs. The resultant inflation, higher prices as well as higher shipping cost
has not been able to be entirely passed on to the customer, which has adversely impacted our cost of goods sold and gross margins and
could continue. 

The Company is dependent on
its product vendors to supply it with products that comply with safety and quality standards at competitive prices and to comply with
the terms of their stated customer warranties. 

The Company is dependent on its vendors
continuing to supply quality products at favorable prices. If the Company s merchandise offerings do not meet its customers 
expectations regarding safety and quality, it could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk.
All the Company s product vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and the Company is dependent on them to ensure
that the products its customers buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived
product safety concerns could expose the Company to government enforcement action and private litigation and result in costly product
recalls and other liabilities. To the extent the Company s product vendors are subject to additional governmental regulation of
their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise it purchases may rise. In addition, negative customer
perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products the Company sells could cause its customers to seek alternative sources for
their needs, resulting in lost sales. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for the Company to regain the confidence
of its customers. 

The Company is also dependent on its
product vendors to comply with the terms of their stated customer product warranties. To the extent that the Company s product
vendors fail to satisfy legitimate warranty claims asserted by the Company s customers, the Company may be directly responsible
for reimbursing such customers, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations, particularly
if one or more of the Company s larger product vendors fails to honor its warranty obligations. 

The Company is dependent on
entities controlled by a lead contractor in Ukraine to recruit and manage its development team and back-office support, to provide a
physical facility to its contractors and to manage the Company s information technology and cybersecurity frameworks. 

Based on management s knowledge,
the Company s lead contractor and his affiliate have historically recruited and managed the Company s information technology
subcontractors and own the physical facility in Ukraine. Because substantially all of the Company s information technology functions
are performed in Ukraine and because, based on management s knowledge, the Company s lead contractor in Ukraine, his affiliate
and the service providers controlled by that lead contractor have knowledge and control of certain material aspects of the Company s
information technology and cybersecurity frameworks, the Company is dependent on the lead contractor and his affiliate with respect to
such functions and frameworks. If these contractors or subcontractors fail to perform according to agreed-upon terms and timetables or
terminate the arrangements under which they perform these functions, the Company s operations may be disrupted or unable to function
until the Company is able to engage a substitute, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. This could
have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are in the process of
working with our contractors to develop disaster recovery and business continuity plans and processes related to our website and back-office
functions. The current conflict in the Ukraine may temporarily delay those plans as we continue to support our contractors to prevent
any disruption in services to our customers. 

18 

If the Company fails to offer a broad selection of products
at competitive prices or fails to locate sufficient inventory to meet customer demands, its revenue could decline. 

In order to expand its business, the Company
must successfully offer, on a continuous basis, a broad selection of automotive parts and accessories that meet the needs of its customers.
Products sold by the Company are used by consumers for a variety of purposes, including repair, performance, improved aesthetics and
functionality. In addition, to be successful, the Company s product offerings must be broad and deep in scope, competitively priced,
well-made, innovative and attractive to a wide range of consumers. The Company cannot predict with certainty that it will be successful
in offering products that meet all these requirements. Moreover, even if the Company offers a broad selection of products at competitive
prices, it must maintain access to sufficient inventory to meet consumer demand. If the Company s product offerings fail to satisfy
its customers requirements or respond to changes in customer preferences or if the Company otherwise fails to locate sufficient
inventory to meet customer demands, its revenue could decline. 

Shifting online consumer behavior regarding automotive parts
and accessories could adversely impact the Company s financial results and the growth of its business. 

Shifting consumer behavior indicates that the
Company s customers are more inclined to shop for automotive parts and accessories through their mobile devices. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, approximately 50 of the Company s website revenue and 61 of its website traffic was attributable to mobile
customers. Mobile customers exhibit different behaviors than more traditional desktop-based e-commerce customers. User sophistication
and technological advances have increased consumer expectations around the user experience on mobile devices, including speed of response,
functionality, product availability, security, and ease of use. If the Company is unable to continue to adapt its mobile device shopping
experience in ways that improve its customers mobile experience and increase the engagement of its mobile customers, the Company s
sales may decline and its business and financial results may suffer. 

Our business may be adversely affected
if we are unable to provide our customers with a cost-effective platform that is able to respond and adapt to rapid changes in technology. 

The number of people who access the internet
through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, handheld computers such as notebooks and tablets, video game
consoles and television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in recent years. The versions of our website and mobile applications
developed for these devices may not be compelling to consumers. Our website and platform are also currently not compatible with voice-enabled
products. Adapting our services and/or infrastructure to these devices as well as other new internet, networking or telecommunications
technologies could be time-consuming and could require us to incur substantial expenditures, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Additionally, as new mobile devices and platforms
are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing applications for alternative devices and platforms
and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support and maintenance of such applications. If we are unable to attract
consumers to our website or mobile applications through these devices or are slow to develop a version of our website or mobile applications
that is more compatible with alternative devices, we may fail to capture a significant share of consumers and could also lose customers,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Further, we continually upgrade existing technologies
and business applications, and we may be required to implement new technologies or business applications in the future. The implementation
of upgrades and changes requires significant investments. Our results of operations may be affected by the timing, effectiveness and
costs associated with the successful implementation of any upgrades or changes to our systems and infrastructure. If it is more difficult
for our customers to buy products from us on their mobile devices, or if our customers choose not to buy products from us on their mobile
devices or to use mobile products that do not offer access to our website, we could lose customers and fail to attract new customers.
As a result, our customer growth could be harmed and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and
adversely affected. 

19 

Significant product cancellations or returns could harm our
business. 

We allow our customers to cancel their orders,
as well as return products, for which we offer refunds, subject to our return and refunds policy. If cancellations, returns or refunds
are significant or higher than anticipated and forecasted, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected. Further, we modify our policies relating to returns or refunds from time to time, and may do so in the future, which may result
in customer dissatisfaction and harm to our reputation or brand, or an increase in the number of product returns or the amount of refunds
we make. In 2022, while our returns rates were relatively constant, our cancellation rates increased compared to pre-pandemic years. 

If commodity prices such as fuel, plastic, aluminum and steel
increase, the Company s margins may be negatively impacted. 

Increasing prices in the component materials
for the parts the Company sells may impact the availability, the quality and the price of its products, as product vendors search for
alternatives to existing materials and increase the prices they charge. The Company cannot ensure that it can recover all the increased
costs through price increases, and its product vendors may not continue to provide a consistent quality of product as they may substitute
lower cost materials to maintain pricing levels, all of which may have a negative impact on the Company s business and results
of operations. In 2022, there were increases in costs of product materials, and we were unable to pass on the entire increase to consumers,
which negatively impacted our gross margin, and such negative impacts may continue to occur. 

The Company faces intense competition and
operates in an industry with limited barriers to entry, and some of its competitors may have greater resources than it and may be better
positioned to capitalize on the growing online automotive aftermarket parts and accessories market. 

The parts and accessories industries in which
the Company sells its products are competitive and fragmented, and products are distributed through multi-tiered and overlapping channels.
The Company competes with both online and offline sellers that offer parts and accessories, repair parts and original equipment manufacturer
parts to either the DIY or the DIFM consumer segments. Current or potential competitors include (i) online retailers, including both
niche retailers of uncommon, highly specialized products and general retailers of a larger number of broadly available products; (ii)
national parts retailers such as Advance Auto Parts, AutoZone, NAPA and O Reilly Auto Parts; (iii) internet-based marketplaces
such as Amazon.com and eBay.com; (iv) discount stores and mass merchandisers; (v) local independent retailers; (vi) wholesale parts distributors
and (vii) manufacturers, product vendors and other distributors selling online directly to consumers. 

Barriers to entry are low, and current and new
competitors can launch websites at a relatively low cost. Many of the Company s current and potential competitors have longer operating
histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial, marketing, technical, management and
other resources than it does. For example, in the event that online marketplace companies such as Amazon or eBay, who have larger customer
bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater resources than the Company does, focus more of their resources on competing
in the automotive parts and accessories market, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of
operations. In addition, some of the Company s competitors have used and may continue to use aggressive pricing tactics and devote
substantially more financial resources to website and system development than the Company does. The Company expects that competition
will further intensify in the future as internet use and online commerce continue to grow worldwide. Increased competition may result
in reduced sales, lower operating margins, reduced profitability, loss of market share and diminished brand recognition. 

Additionally, the Company has experienced significant
competitive pressure from certain of its product vendors who are now selling their products directly to customers. Since the Company s
product vendors have access to merchandise at very low costs, they can sell products at lower prices and maintain higher gross margins
on their product sales than the Company can. The Company s financial results have been negatively impacted by direct sales from
its product vendors to its current and potential customers, and the Company s total number of orders and average order value may
decline due to increased competition. Continued competition from the Company s product vendors may also continue to negatively
impact its business and results of operations, including through reduced sales, lower operating margins, reduced profitability, loss
of market share and diminished brand recognition. The Company has implemented and will continue to implement several strategies to attempt
to overcome the challenges created by its product vendors selling directly to its customers and potential customers, including optimizing
its pricing, continuing to increase its mix of private label products and improving its diligence commerce platform, which may not be
successful. If these strategies are not successful, the Company s results of operations and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. 

20 

The Company relies on key personnel and may need additional
personnel for the success and growth of its business. 

The Company s business is largely dependent
on the personal efforts and abilities of highly skilled executive, technical, managerial, merchandising, marketing, and call center personnel
including overseas contractors. Competition for such personnel is intense, and the Company cannot assure that it will be successful in
attracting and retaining such personnel. The loss of any key employee or the Company s inability to attract or retain other qualified
employees could harm its business and results of operations. 

The Company generates a portion of its
revenue from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers or new and existing technologies that block ads online could harm its business. 

The Company generates a portion of its revenue
from the display of ads online. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting
and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can have a material adverse effect on the demand for advertising and cause the
Company s advertisers to reduce the amounts they spend on advertising, which could harm the Company s results of operations
and financial condition. 

Changes to the automotive industry and consumer views on vehicle
ownership could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The automotive industry is predicted to experience
rapid change in the years to come, including increases in ride-sharing services, advances in electric vehicle production and driverless
technology. Ride-sharing services such as Uber and Lyft provide consumers with mobility options outside of traditional vehicle ownership.
Manufacturers also continue to invest in increasing production and quality of battery-electric vehicles, which generally require less
maintenance than traditional cars and trucks and may be more difficult for DIY customers to repair. Technological advances are also facilitating
the development of driverless vehicles, which may further reduce the need for vehicle ownership. If sales of automotive parts and accessories
decline as a result of these or other changes to the automotive industry, our business, results of operations and financial condition
could be materially and adversely affected. 

Russian military action against Ukraine has resulted in disruptions
to the operations of our outsourced teams in Ukraine and could have a material adverse effect on our operations, liquidity and business. 

As of April 14, 2023, the Company had approximately
230 contractors, consisting of our outsourced engineering and product data development team as well as our outsourced marketing, back
office and part of our customer service teams, located in Ukraine, which has been involved in political confrontation with the Russian
Federation since 2014. While initially confined to two eastern provinces and the Crimean Peninsula, the conflict escalated significantly
in February 2022 when the Russian Federation launched a full-scale invasion with as many as 190,000 troops across all of Ukraine. Since
that time, the conflict has escalated, has caused disruption throughout the country and has provoked strong reactions from countries around
the world, including the imposition of broad financial and economic sanctions against Russia. Our outsourced teams in Ukraine are located
in the southern part of the country, which has been invaded. The actual hardware, including all servers, involved in operating our business
have been located outside Ukraine for several years. 

Since the onset of the active conflict in February
2022, most our contractors have been able to continue their work, although at a reduced capacity and/or schedule. Our websites and call
centers have continued to function, however they could be more negatively impacted in the future. Some of our contractors have moved
outside of Ukraine to neighboring countries where they continue to work remotely. Some of our contractors who have remained in Ukraine
have moved to areas in western Ukraine, but their ability to continue work is subject to significant uncertainty and potential disruptions. 

21 

The situation is highly complex and continues
to evolve. Although we are working to provide IT support by existing personnel in other countries and planning for temporary work locations
in surrounding countries, we cannot provide any assurance that our outsourced teams in Ukraine will be able to provide efficient and
uninterrupted services, which could have an adverse effect on our operations and business. In addition, our ability to maintain adequate
liquidity for our operations is dependent on several factors, including our revenue and earnings, which could be significantly impacted
by the conflict in Ukraine. Further, any major breakdown or closure of utility services in Ukraine or in the neighboring countries of
Moldova, Romania, Poland or Hungary or adverse displacement of our teams or disruption of international banking could materially impact
our operations and liquidity. 

In addition, civil unrest, political instability
or uncertainty, military activities or broad-based sanctions, should they continue for the long term or escalate, could require us to
rebalance our geographic concentrations and could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial performance, including through
increased costs of compliance, higher volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, increased use of less cost-efficient resources and
negative impacts to our business resulting from deteriorating general economic conditions. Further, we cannot predict the impact of the
military actions and any heightened military conflict or geopolitical instability that may follow, including additional sanctions or
counter-sanctions, heightened inflation, cyber disruptions or attacks, higher energy costs, supply chain disruptions and higher freight
costs. 

The global COVID-19 pandemic could harm the Company s
business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

The global spread of COVID-19 and related measures
to contain its spread (such as government-mandated business closures and shelter-in-place guidelines) have created significant volatility,
uncertainty and economic disruption. Although the COVID-19 pandemic and related measures to contain its spread have not adversely affected
the Company s results of operations to date, they have adversely affected certain components of the Company s business, including
by increasing cancellations (which can result in an increase in advertisement costs), shipping times and cost of goods sold. The extent
to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity in the
future will depend on numerous evolving factors that it cannot predict, including the duration and scope of the pandemic; any resurgence
of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic;
the impact of the pandemic on national and global economic activity, unemployment levels and financial markets; the potential for shipping
difficulties, including slowed deliveries to customers; the potential for increased cancellations by customers; and the ability of consumers
to pay for products. Although consumer online demand for and the inventory of the Company s products have remained stable, the
COVID-19 pandemic has generally resulted in a decrease in consumer spending with respect to the wider economy, which in the future could
have an adverse impact on the Company through reduced consumer demand for or inventory of its products. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic
has caused some employees to work remotely, which could negatively impact its business and harm productivity and collaboration. If there
is a prolonged impact of COVID-19, it could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, perhaps materially. The future impact of COVID-19 and these containment measures cannot be predicted with certainty and
may increase the Company s borrowing costs, if any, and other costs of capital and otherwise adversely affect its business, results
of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the Company cannot assure that it will have access to external financing at times
and on terms it considers acceptable, or at all, or that it will not experience other liquidity issues going forward. 

To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely
affects the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, it may also have the effect of heightening
many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address
climate change may negatively affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

We believe that climate change has the potential
to negatively affect our business and results of operations, cash flows and prospects. We are exposed to physical risks (such as extreme
weather conditions or rising sea levels), risks in transitioning to a low-carbon economy (such as additional legal or regulatory requirements,
changes in technology, market risk and reputational risk) and social and human effects (such as population dislocations and harm to health
and well-being) associated with climate change. These risks can be either acute (short-term) or chronic (long-term). 

22 

The adverse impacts of climate change include
increased frequency and severity of natural disasters and extreme weather events such as hurricanes, tornados, wildfires (exacerbated
by drought), flooding, and extreme heat. Extreme weather and sea-level rise pose physical risks to the facilities of our suppliers. Such
risks include losses incurred as a result of physical damage to facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption
caused by such natural disasters and extreme weather events. Other potential physical impacts due to climate change include reduced access
to high-quality water in certain regions and the loss of biodiversity, which could could disrupt the operations of our suppliers and
our overall supply chain, which may result in increased costs. 

Environmental, social and governance matters may impact our
business and reputation. 

Governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations,
customers, investors, external stakeholders and employees are increasingly sensitive to environmental, social and governance, or ESG,
concerns, such as diversity and inclusion, climate change, water use, recyclability or recoverability of packaging, and plastic waste.
This focus on ESG concerns may lead to new requirements that could result in increased costs associated with suppliers being able to
distribute products. Our ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing
demand for more environmentally friendly products, packaging or supplier practices, or by failure to meet such customer expectations
or demand. While we strive to improve our ESG performance, we risk negative stockholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services,
as well as damage to our brand and reputation, if we do not act responsibly, or if we are perceived to not be acting responsibly in key
ESG areas, including product quality and safety- standards for our suppliers and key product vendors, diversity and inclusion, environmental
stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency, and addressing human capital factors in our operations.
If we do not meet the ESG expectations of our investors, customers and other stakeholders, we could experience reduced demand for our
products, loss of customers, and other negative impacts on our business and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Regulation and Tax 

Regulation in the areas of privacy and protection of user data
could harm the Company s business. 

The Company is subject to laws relating to the
collection, use, retention, security, and transfer of personally identifiable information about its users around the world. Much of the
personal information that the Company collects, especially customer identity and financial information, is regulated by multiple laws.
User data protection laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country. These laws continue to develop in ways
the Company cannot predict and that may harm its business. 

Regulatory scrutiny of privacy, user data protection,
use of data and data collection is increasing on a global basis. The Company is subject to a number of privacy and similar laws and regulations
in the countries in which it operates, and these laws and regulations will likely continue to evolve over time, both through regulatory
and legislative action and judicial decisions. In addition, compliance with these laws may restrict the Company s ability to provide
services to its customers that they may find to be valuable. For example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR applies to all the Company s activities conducted from an establishment in the European Union or related to products and services
offered in the European Union and imposes significant compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. If the Company
fails to comply with the GDPR, or if regulators assert the Company has failed to comply with the GDPR, it may lead to regulatory enforcement
actions, which can result in monetary penalties of up to 4 of worldwide revenue, private lawsuits, or reputational damage. In the United
States, all 50 states now have data breach laws that require timely notification to individuals, and at times regulators, the media or
credit reporting agencies, if a company has experienced the unauthorized access or acquisition of personal information. California has
adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which became effective January 1, 2020 and which provides a
private right of action for data breaches and requires companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures
to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices and allows consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third
parties. Moreover, on November 3, 2020, Californians voted to approve a ballot measure that created the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which expands the scope of the CCPA and establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency that will enforce
the law and issue regulations. The CPRA is scheduled to take effect on January 1, 2023, with a lookback to January 1, 2022. In addition
to the CCPA and CPRA, several other U.S. states have or are considering adopting laws and regulations imposing obligations regarding
the handling of personal data. Compliance with the GDPR, the CCPA, the CPRA and other current and future applicable international and
U.S. privacy, cybersecurity and related laws can be costly and time-consuming. Complying with these varying national and international
requirements could cause the Company to incur substantial costs or require it to change its business practices in a manner adverse to
its business, and violations of privacy-related laws can result in significant penalties. 

23 

A determination that there
have been violations of laws relating to the Company s practices under communications-based laws could also expose it to significant
damage awards, fines and other penalties that could, individually or in the aggregate, materially harm its business. In particular, because
of the enormous number of emails and other communications the Company sends to its users, communications laws that provide a specified
monetary damage award or fine for each violation (such as those described below) could result in particularly large awards or fines. 

For example, the Federal Communications
Commission amended certain of its regulations under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or TCPA, in 2012 and 2013 in a manner that
could increase the Company s exposure to liability for certain types of telephonic communication with customers. Under the TCPA,
plaintiffs may seek actual monetary loss or statutory damages of 500 per violation, whichever is greater, and courts may treble the
damage award for willful or knowing violations. Given the enormous number of communications the Company sends to its users, a determination
that there have been violations of the TCPA or other communications-based statutes could expose the Company to significant damage awards
that could, individually or in the aggregate, materially harm its business. 

The Company posts on its websites
its privacy policies and practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure of user data. Any failure, or perceived failure, by
the Company to comply with its posted privacy policies or with any regulatory requirements or orders or other federal, state or international
privacy or consumer protection-related laws and regulations, including the GDPR and the CCPA, could result in proceedings or actions
against it by governmental entities or others (e.g., class action privacy litigation), subject it to significant penalties and negative
publicity, require it to change its business practices, increase its costs and adversely affect its business. Data collection, privacy
and security have become the subject of increasing public concern. If internet and mobile users were to reduce their use of the Company s
websites, mobile platforms, products, and services as a result of these concerns, its business could be harmed. As noted above, the Company
is subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws. 

The Company is subject to various
federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to the operation of its business, which may affect the way the Company
conducts its operations. 

The Company is subject to various
federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to the operation of its business, including those governing the use
and transportation of hazardous substances and emissions-related standards, established by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA ),
and similar state-level regulators, including the California Air Resources Board CARB ). 

While the Company has processes in
place to ensure that products are sold in compliance with the requirements imposed by the EPA and similar state-level regulators, all
verification processes have inherent limitations. The Company has been, is currently, and may in the future be the subject of regulatory
proceedings initiated by the EPA, CARB or other applicable regulatory bodies, and the results of such proceedings are uncertain. For
additional information, see Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 

Although management believes that
the Company is in substantial compliance with currently applicable environmental laws, rules, and regulations, it is unable to predict
the ultimate impact of adopted or future laws, rules, and regulations on its business, properties or products. Such laws, rules, or regulations
may cause the Company to incur significant expenses to achieve or maintain compliance, may require it to modify its product offerings,
may adversely affect the price of or demand for some of its products, and may ultimately affect the way the Company conducts its operations.
Failure to comply with these current or future laws, rules, or regulations could result in harm to the Company s reputation and/or
could lead to fines and other penalties, including restrictions on the importation of the Company s products into, or the sale
of its products in, one or more jurisdictions until compliance is achieved. 

The Company could be required
to collect additional sales taxes or be subject to other tax liabilities that may increase the costs its customers would have to pay
for its products and adversely affect its operating results. 

In general, the Company has not historically
collected state or local sales, use, or other similar taxes in any jurisdictions in which it believed it did not have a tax nexus. In
addition, the Company has not historically collected state or local sales, use, or other similar taxes in certain jurisdictions in which
it does have a physical presence, in reliance on applicable exemptions. On June 21, 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court decided, in South
Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. , that state and local jurisdictions may, at least in certain circumstances, enforce a sales and use tax collection
obligation on remote vendors that have no physical presence in such jurisdiction. Several states have begun, or have positioned themselves
to begin, requiring sales and use tax collection by remote vendors and/or by online marketplaces. The details and effective dates of
these collection requirements vary from state to state. While we believe we now collect, remit, and report sales tax in all required
states, it is still possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability for previous periods for which we did not
collect sales, use, or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful it could result in substantial tax
liabilities, including for past sales taxes and penalties and interest, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and operating results. 

24 

Certain U.S. state tax authorities could
assert that the Company has nexus in that state and seek to impose state and local income taxes which could harm its results of operations. 

For the tax year ending December 31, 2022, and
for years prior thereto, the Company filed state income tax returns in New Jersey. There is a risk that state tax authorities in other
states could assert that the Company is liable for state and local income taxes based upon income or gross receipts allocable to such
states because the Company has nexus with those states. The Company could then be subject to state and local taxation in other states,
in lieu of or in addition to, taxation in New Jersey. Penalties and interest could apply to unpaid tax attributable to prior periods.
Such tax assessments, penalties and interest may adversely impact the Company s results of operations and financial position. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Cybersecurity 

Any failure to maintain the security of
the information relating to the Company s customers, employees and vendors, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks on its
information systems or otherwise, could damage its reputation, result in litigation or other legal actions against it, cause it to incur
substantial additional costs, and materially adversely affect its business and results of operations. 

Like most retailers, the Company receives and
stores in its information systems personal information about its customers, employees and vendors. Most of this information is stored
digitally in connection with the Company s digital commerce platform. The Company also utilizes third-party service providers for
a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, for digital storage technology, back-office support, and other functions. Such providers
may have access to information the Company holds about its customers, employees or vendors. In addition, the Company depends upon the
secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. 

Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and those
threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated.
Cyber threats and cyber-attackers can be sponsored by countries or sophisticated criminal organizations or be the work of hackers with
a wide range of motives and expertise. The Company and the businesses with which it interacts have experienced and continue to experience
threats to data and systems, including by perpetrators of random or targeted malicious cyber-attacks, computer viruses, worms, bot attacks
or other destructive or disruptive software and attempts to misappropriate customer information, including credit card information, and
cause system failures and disruptions. Some of the Company s systems have experienced security breaches in the past, and there
can be no assurance that similar breaches will not recur in the future. 

Employee error or malfeasance, faulty password
management, social engineering or other irregularities may also result in a defeat of the Company or its third-party service providers 
security measures and a breach of its or their information systems. Moreover, hardware, software or applications the Company uses may
have inherent vulnerabilities or defects of design, manufacture or operations or could be inadvertently or intentionally implemented
or used in a manner that could compromise information security. 

Any compromise of the Company s data security
systems or of those of businesses with which it interacts, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged,
modified, lost or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm the Company s reputation and expose it to regulatory actions,
customer attrition, remediation expenses, and claims from customers, employees, vendors, financial institutions, payment card networks
and other persons, any of which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business operations, financial condition and
results of operations. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change
frequently and may not immediately produce signs of a compromise, the Company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement
adequate preventative measures, and the Company or its third-party service providers may not discover any security breach, vulnerability
or compromise of information for a significant period of time after the security incident occurs. 

25 

In addition, such events could be widely publicized
and could materially adversely affect the Company s reputation with its customers, employees, vendors and stockholders, could harm
its competitive position with respect to other digital commerce websites, and could result in a material reduction in net sales from
its digital commerce platform. Such events could also result in the release to the public of confidential information about the Company s
operations and financial condition and performance and could result in litigation or other legal actions against the Company or the imposition
of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which may not be covered by its insurance policies. Moreover, a security compromise could require
the Company to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the issue and to expend significant additional
resources to upgrade further the security measures it employs to guard personal and confidential information against cyber-attacks and
other attempts to access or otherwise compromise such information and could result in a disruption of its operations. 

The Company accepts payments using a variety
of methods, including credit and debit cards, online payment systems such as PayPal, Google Pay, Affirm and gift cards, and it may offer
new payment options over time. As an online retailer, the Company is reliant upon third-party payment processors to sell its products,
and any interruption to the services provided by such payment processors, including as a result of payment disputes, would have an immediate
impact on the Company s cash flows, financial position and results of operations. Third-party payment processors may also increase
their fees or increase the minimum reserves on the Company s accounts, which could decrease the Company s profit margin and
impair the Company s liquidity, respectively. 

As a retailer accepting debit and credit cards
for payment, the Company also is subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, such as payment network security
operating guidelines and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. The Company cannot be certain that the security measures it
maintains to protect all of its information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism,
security breaches or other compromises from known malware or other threats that may be developed in the future. To the extent that any
cyber-attack or incursion in the Company or one of its third-party service provider s information systems results in the loss,
damage, misappropriation or other compromise of information, the Company may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers,
financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. In certain circumstances, the Company s contracts
with payment card processors and payment card networks (such as Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover) generally require the
Company to adhere to payment card network rules, which could make it liable to payment card issuers and others if information in connection
with payment cards and payment card transactions that it processes is compromised or if the Company permits fraudulent purchases on its
platform, which liabilities could be substantial. If the event of a material increase in fraudulent purchases on the Company s
platform, payment card processors and payment card networks could refuse to process further payments for purchases on the Company s
platform, which would materially impact the Company s results of operations and financial position. 

The Russia-Ukraine conflict may also increase
cybersecurity risks on a global basis. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, ransomware, social
engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, privacy, integrity and availability. Our
business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture.
While we have invested, and continue to invest, in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be
no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our suppliers and key vendors, will prevent service interruptions, or identify breaches
in our systems, that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information,
which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. In addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient
in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other cybersecurity related breaches. 

If the Company s proprietary data
catalog is stolen, misappropriated or damaged, or if a competitor can create a substantially similar database without infringing the
Company s rights, then the Company may lose an important competitive advantage. 

The Company has invested significant resources
and time to build and maintain its proprietary data catalog, which maps stock-keeping units, to relevant product applications based on
vehicle years, makes, and models. Management believes that the Company s data catalog provides it with an important competitive
advantage in both driving traffic to its digital commerce platform and converting that traffic to revenue by enabling customers to quickly
locate the parts and accessories they require. The Company cannot assure you that it will be able to protect its data catalog from unauthorized
copying or theft or that such database will continue to operate adequately, without any technological challenges. In addition, it is
possible that a competitor could develop a catalog or database that is similar to or more comprehensive than the Company s data
catalog, without infringing the Company s rights. In the event its data catalog is damaged or is stolen, copied or otherwise replicated
to compete with the Company, whether lawfully or not, the Company may lose an important competitive advantage and its business could
be harmed. 

26 

Claims of intellectual property infringement
by parts manufacturers, distributors or retailers to the validity of aftermarket parts and accessories or related marketing materials
could adversely affect the Company s business. 

Parts manufacturers, distributors and retailers
have asserted claims of intellectual property infringement against retailers of aftermarket products, including the Company. The Company
has received in the past, and anticipates receiving in the future, communications alleging that certain products it sells infringe the
patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names or other intellectual property rights of parts manufacturers, distributors or retailers.
Other parts retailers have also asserted ownership of product images that were provided by product vendors for the Company to use on
its online platform. While the Company now has processes in place designed to prevent the use of unauthorized product images on its platform,
there can be no assurance that such processes will work as intended or prevent future infringement claims. 

Infringement claims could result in increased
costs of doing business arising from new importing requirements, increased port and carrier fees and legal expenses, adverse judgments
or settlements or changes to the Company s business practices required to settle such claims or satisfy any judgments. Litigation
or regulatory enforcement could also result in interpretations of the law that require the Company to change its business practices or
otherwise increase its costs and harm its business. The Company may not maintain sufficient, or any, insurance coverage to cover the
types of claims that could be asserted. If a successful claim were brought against the Company, it could expose the Company to significant
liability. 

If the Company is unable to protect its intellectual property
rights, its reputation and brand could be impaired and it could lose customers. 

The Company regards its trademarks, trade secrets
and similar intellectual property such as its iD brand, its proprietary digital commerce platform, its proprietary data
catalog and its back-end order processing and fulfillment code and process as important to its success. The Company relies on trademark,
patent and copyright law, and trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with employees, customers, partners
and others to protect its proprietary rights. The Company cannot be certain that it has taken adequate steps to protect its proprietary
rights, especially in countries where the laws may not protect its rights as fully as in the United States. In addition, the Company s
proprietary rights may be infringed or misappropriated, and the Company could be required to incur significant expenses in its efforts
to preserve them. In the past, the Company has filed litigation to protect its intellectual property rights, including its iD 
brand. The outcome of such litigation can be uncertain, and the cost of prosecuting such litigation may have an adverse impact on the
Company s earnings. The Company has common law trademarks, as well as pending federal trademark registrations for several marks
and several registered marks. However, any registrations may not adequately cover the Company s intellectual property or protect
it against infringement by others. Effective trademark, service mark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be available
in every country in which the Company s products may be made available online. The Company also currently owns or controls a number
of internet domain names, including www.carid.com, www.truckid.com, www.motorcycleid.com, www.powersportsid.com, www.camperid.com, www.boatid.com,
www.recreationid.com and www.toolsid.com, and has invested time and money in the purchase of domain names and other intellectual property,
which may be impaired if it cannot protect such intellectual property. The Company may be unable to protect these domain names or acquire
or maintain relevant domain names in the United States and in other countries. If the Company is not able to protect its trademarks,
domain names or other intellectual property, it may experience difficulties in achieving and maintaining brand recognition and customer
loyalty. 

The Company s digital commerce platform is dependent on
open-source software, which exposes it to uncertainty and potential liability. 

The Company utilizes open-source software such
as Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP, and Perl throughout its digital commerce platform and supporting infrastructure, although it has created
proprietary programs. Open-source software is maintained and upgraded by a general community of software developers under various open-source
licenses, including the GNU General Public License GPL ). These developers are under no obligation to maintain, enhance
or provide any fixes or updates to this software in the future. Additionally, under the terms of the GPL and other open-source licenses,
the Company may be forced to release to the public source-code internally developed by it pursuant to such licenses. Furthermore, if
any of these developers contribute any code of others to any of the software that the Company uses, the Company may be exposed to claims
and liability for intellectual property infringement and may also be forced to implement changes to the code-base for this software or
replace this software with internally developed or commercially licensed software. 

27 

System failures, including failures due
to natural disasters or other catastrophic events, could prevent access to the Company s digital commerce platform, which could
reduce its net sales and harm its reputation. 

The Company s sales would decline and it
could lose existing or potential customers if it is not able to access its digital commerce platform or if its digital commerce platform,
transactions processing systems or network infrastructure do not perform to its customers satisfaction. Any internet network interruptions
or problems with the Company s digital commerce platform could: 

prevent customers from accessing such digital commerce platform; 

reduce
 its ability to fulfill orders or bill customers; 

reduce
 the number of products that it sells; 

cause
 c ustomer dissatisfaction; or 

da mage
 its brand and reputation. 

The Company has experienced brief computer system
interruptions in the past, and it believes they may continue to occur from time to time in the future. The Company s systems and
operations are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from a number of sources, including a natural disaster or other catastrophic
event such as an earthquake, typhoon, volcanic eruption, fire, flood, tsunami, winter storms, terrorist attack, riots, social disturbances,
political unrest, computer viruses, power loss, telecommunications failure, physical and electronic break-ins, hardware failures, hosting
issues, domain name system issues, distributed denial-of-service attacks, content management system issues, malicious hackers, lapses
in maintenance, and other similar events. The Company also maintains offshore and outsourced operations in the Philippines, an area that
has been subjected to a typhoon and a volcanic eruption in the past, and Costa Rica, a seismically active region. 

The Company s engineering and product data
development team as well as back office and part of its customer service center are located in Ukraine, which has been involved in political
confrontation with the Russian federation. The Russo-Ukrainian war is an ongoing and protracted conflict that started in February 2014,
primarily involving Russia and pro-Russian forces on one hand, and Ukraine on the other. The war has centered on the status of Crimea
and parts of the Donbas and Luhansk, which are largely internationally recognized as part of Ukraine. With recent Russian move to recognize
Donbas and Luhansk Ukrainian territories as independent republic appears to be the opening salvo of a larger potential military operation
targeting Ukraine. Since the invasion that took place on February 24, 2022, the United States has provided critical support to the people
of Ukraine, working in close coordination with the government of Ukraine to get them what they need. Against this backdrop, diplomatic
talks between Russia and the United States and its allies have not yet yielded any solutions. 

Most of our contractors in Ukraine have been
able to continue their work, although at a reduced capacity and/or schedule. Our websites and call centers have continued to function
but could be more negatively impacted in the future. Some of our contractors have moved outside of Ukraine to neighboring countries
where they continue to work remotely. Some of our contractors who have remained in Ukraine have moved to other areas in Ukraine,
but their ability to continue work is subject to significant uncertainty and potential disruptions. 

As the situation in
Ukraine is highly complex and continues to evolve, we cannot provide any assurance that our outsourced teams in Ukraine will be able
to provide efficient and uninterrupted services. This could have an adverse effect on our operations and business. In addition, our ability
to maintain adequate liquidity for our operations is dependent on several factors, including our revenue and earnings, which could be
significantly impacted by the conflict in Ukraine. Further, any major breakdown or closure of utility services, any major threat to civilians
or any international banking disruption could materially impact the operations and liquidity of the Company. We will continue monitoring
the military, social, political, regulatory and economic environment in Ukraine and Russia, and will consider further actions if deemed
appropriate. 

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events
may recur in the future and could disrupt the operation of the Company s business. The Company s technology infrastructure
is also vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, employee or contractor malfeasance and other disruptions, and
not all the Company s systems and data are fully redundant. Any substantial disruption of the Company s technology infrastructure
could cause interruptions or delays in its business and loss of data or render it unable to accept and fulfill customer orders or operate
its digital commerce platform in a timely manner, or at all. 

28 

Risks Related to Litigation 

Because the Company is involved in litigation
from time to time and is subject to numerous laws and governmental regulations, it could incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees
and other costs as well as reputational harm. 

The Company is sometimes the subject of complaints
or litigation from customers, current and former employees, current and former stockholders, or other third parties for various reasons.
The damages sought against the Company in some of these litigation proceedings could be substantial. Although the Company maintains liability
insurance for some litigation claims, if one or more of the claims were to greatly exceed its insurance coverage limits or if its insurance
policies do not cover a claim, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

The Company is also subject to numerous federal,
state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to, among other things, environmental protection, product quality and safety
standards, labor and employment, discrimination, anti-bribery/anti-corruption, data privacy and income taxes. Compliance with existing
and future laws and regulations could increase the cost of doing business and adversely affect the Company s results of operations.
If the Company fails to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, it may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions,
while incurring substantial legal fees and costs, as well as reputational risk. In addition, the Company s capital and operating
expenses could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if the Company is found to be noncompliant with any existing
or future laws or regulations. 

For additional information regarding legal actions,
claims and administrative proceedings that management believes could have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results
of operations or cash flows, including ongoing litigation with certain stockholders and the notice of violation it received from the
EPA, see Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 

The Company faces exposure to product liability lawsuits. 

The automotive industry in general has been subject
to a large number of product liability claims due to the nature of personal injuries that result from car accidents or malfunctions.
As a distributor of automotive parts and accessories, including parts and accessories obtained overseas, the Company could be held liable
for the injury or damage caused if the products it sells are defective or malfunction, regardless of whether the product manufacturer
is the party at fault. While the Company carries insurance against product liability claims, if the damages in any given action were
high or the Company were subject to multiple lawsuits, the damages and costs could exceed the limits of its insurance coverage or prevent
it from obtaining coverage in the future. If the Company were required to pay substantial damages as a result of these lawsuits, it may
seriously harm its business and financial condition. Even defending against unsuccessful claims could cause the Company to incur significant
expenses and result in a diversion of management s attention. In addition, even if the money damages themselves did not cause substantial
harm to the Company s business, the damage to its reputation and the brands offered on its digital commerce platform could adversely
affect its future reputation and its brand and could result in a decline in its net sales. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

Concentration of ownership among certain stockholders may prevent
other stockholders from influencing significant corporate decisions. 

As of December 31, 2022, each of Prashant Pathak,
Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company and a director and President of Onyx Enterprises Canada Inc. OEC ), Roman Gerashenko and Stanislav Royzenshteyn, beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, approximately 40.9 , 17.4 ,
and 17.4 , respectively, of our outstanding Common Stock, and our directors and executive officers as a group beneficially owned approximately
45 of our outstanding Common Stock. As a result of their current holdings, these stockholders will be able to exercise a significant
level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, any amendment of the Certificate
of Incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. This control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change
of control or changes in management and will make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of
these stockholders. 

29 

Sales of a substantial number
of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could cause the price of our common stock to fall. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our Common Stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our Common
Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect
that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Common Stock. In addition, the sale of substantial amounts of our Common Stock
could adversely impact its price. 

The shares of Common Stock covered
by effective registration statements, pursuant to which certain stockholders may sell their shares, represent approximately 90 of our
outstanding Common Stock. Sales, or the potential sales, of substantial numbers of shares in the public market by those selling stockholders
could increase the volatility of the market price of our Common Stock or adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

We have never paid dividends
on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We have never paid dividends on any
of our capital stock and currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund the growth of our business. Any determination to pay
dividends in the future will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital
requirements, general business conditions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. As a result, capital appreciation, if any,
of our Common Stock will be the sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Our stock price is volatile,
and you may not be able to sell shares of our Common Stock at or above the price you paid. 

The trading price of our Common Stock is volatile and could
be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in operating results; 

failure
 to meet or exceed financial estimates and projections of the investment community or that
 we provide to the public; 

issuance
 of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts or changed recommendations for
 our stock or the transportation industry in general; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures,
 collaborations or capital commitments; 

operating
 and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 

our
 focus on long-term goals over short-term results; 

the
 timing and magnitude of our investments in the growth of our business; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

additions
 or departures of key management or other personnel; 

disputes
 or other developme nts related to our intellectual property or other proprietary rights,
 including litigation; 

30 

our
 ability to market new and enhanced products and technologies on a timely basis; 

sales
 of substantial amounts of the Common Stock by the Board, executive officers or significant
 stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; 

changes
 in our capital structure, including future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt;
 and 

general
 econo mic, political and market conditions. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and
the NYSE American in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our Common
Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market
and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against
these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s
attention and resources. 

Risks Related to Our Being a Public Company 

We will incur significant increased expenses
and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We face increased legal, accounting, administrative
and other costs and expenses as a public company that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act ), including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB and the securities exchanges, impose additional reporting and other
obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements will increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming.
A number of those requirements require us to carry out activities that Onyx, as a private company, had not done previously. For example,
we created new board committees and have adopted new internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, expenses
associated with SEC reporting requirements have been, and will continue to be, incurred. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with
those requirements are identified (for example, if the auditors identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in the internal
control over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely
affect our reputation or investor perceptions of it. In addition, we have obtained director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated
with our status as a public company may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on the Board or as executive
officers. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules and regulations increase legal and financial compliance
costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs require us to divert a significant
amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by stockholders
and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 

Our failure to timely and effectively implement
controls and procedures required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

As a public company, we are required to provide
management s attestation on internal controls. The standards required for a public company under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act are significantly more stringent than those required of Onyx as a private company. Management may not be able to effectively and
timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements now
applicable to it. If we are not able to implement the additional requirements of Section 404(a) in a timely manner or with adequate compliance,
we may not be able to assess whether our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, which may subject us to adverse regulatory
consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of our securities. 

31 

Our management has limited experience in
operating a public company. 

Our executive officers have limited experience
in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully or effectively manage our transition to a public
company that will be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws. Their limited
experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it
is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which will result in less time being devoted to
the management and growth of the Company. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and
training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required of public companies in the United
States. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for the Company to achieve the level of accounting
standards required of a public company in the United States may require costs greater than expected. It is possible that we will be required
to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company which will increase our operating
costs in future periods. 

The Company is an a smaller reporting
company and the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to those types of companies may make its securities
less attractive to investors. 

The Company is a smaller reporting company 
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, the Company is entitled to rely on certain exemptions and reduced
disclosure requirements, such as simplified executive compensation disclosures and reduced financial statement disclosure requirements,
in the Company s SEC filings. 

As of December 31, 2022, the last day of the
fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of Legacy s initial public offering on November 8, 2017, we are no
longer an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). 

Since we are no longer an emerging growth
company, we cannot take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to emerging growth
companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and
proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, since we are no longer an emerging growth company, 
we can no longer elect to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and
private companies (as defined under Section 2(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2022, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). However, as
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

These exemptions and decreased disclosures in
the Company s SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company s
results of operations and financial prospects. Investors may find our Common Stock less attractive because we rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and
our Common Stock price may be more volatile. 

32 

If securities or industry analysts
do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about the Company, its business or its market, or if they adversely change their
recommendations regarding the Common Stock, the price and trading volume of the Common Stock could decline. 

The trading market for our Common
Stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about the Company, its business, market
or competitors. If any of the analysts who cover the Company change their recommendation regarding its Common Stock adversely, or provide
more favorable relative recommendations about its competitors, the price of its Common Stock would likely decline. If any analyst who
may cover the Company were to cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on it, it could lose visibility in the
financial markets, which could cause the Company s stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Certain minority stockholders of the Company could
engage in activities that might be disruptive of the Company s ongoing business. 

Certain minority stockholders of the
Company could engage in litigation against the Company and its directors seeking monetary damages and/or potentially distracting the
Company s directors and officers from executing upon the Company s business plans and could engage in shareholder activism
that may be disruptive to the Company. See The Company s business could be adversely affected by an ongoing legal
proceeding with certain stockholders for more information regarding litigation brought by these minority stockholders prior
to the Business Combination. 

The Company s Certificate
of Incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions
and proceedings that may be initiated by the Company s stockholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to obtain
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides
that, subject to limited exceptions, (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting
a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the stockholders
of the Company, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any
provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL or the second amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or the amended and restated bylaws of the Company (the Bylaws ), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against
the Company, its directors, officers or employees is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The Company s bylaws designate
the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action
arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of Common Stock shall
be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws described above. In
addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides that federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction over lawsuits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. To the extent the exclusive forum
provision restricts the courts in which claims arising under the Securities Act may be brought, there is uncertainty as to whether a
court would enforce such a provision. We note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that
it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against
the Company and its directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of the Certificate of
Incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, the Company
may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect the Company s
business and financial condition. 

33 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company leases corporate office space in each of Cranbury, New
Jersey and Jersey City, New Jersey, and space for call centers, warehouses and photo and video service facilities in Cranbury, New Jersey.
Management believes that the Company s properties are adequate and suitable for its business as presently conducted as well as
for the foreseeable future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Except as disclosed below, information pertaining to certain legal
and regulatory matters and proceedings in which we are involved can be found in Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this report beginning on page F-16 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The legal and regulatory matters and proceedings discussed in this
report could result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restitutions or other relief that could require significant
expenditures or have other effects on our business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

34 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information, Holders, and Dividends 

Our common stock is listed on the NYSE American
under the symbol ID . As of March 15, 2023, there were 62 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans
to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion
of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions
and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing
and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our
common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The information required by this Item concerning equity compensation
plans is incorporated herein by reference from Part III, Item 12 of this report. 

Repurchases of Common Stock 

There were no share repurchases during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

Not applicable. 

35 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our audited consolidated financial statements as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, together with the related notes thereto, included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The following discussion and analysis contains
forward-looking statements about our plans and expectations of what may happen in the future. Forward-looking statements are based on
several assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ
significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause future results to differ materially from
those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the sections entitled Risk
Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. For the purposes of this section, we, 
 us, our, Onyx, the Company and PARTS iD each refer to Onyx prior
to the closing of the Business Combination and PARTS iD, Inc. following the closing of the Business Combination, as the context indicates,
unless the context otherwise refers to Legacy Acquisition Corp. 

Overview 

PARTS iD, Inc. is a
technology-driven, digital commerce company on a mission to transform the U.S. automotive aftermarket and the adjacent complex parts
markets we serve by providing customers a differentiated customer experience with advanced product search capabilities, proprietary product
options, exclusive shop by service type functionality, visually inspired browsing, easy product discovery, rich custom content, an exhaustive
product catalog and competitive prices. 

The Company delivers
this customer experience vision using our purpose-built technology platform and user interface (UI), proprietary parts and accessories
fitment data with more than fourteen billion product and fitment data points powered with machine learning, and a comprehensive product
catalog spanning over eighteen million parts and accessories from over one thousand suppliers we partner with across eight verticals. 

The Company s
technology platform integrates software engineering with catalog management, data intelligence, mining, and analytics, along with user
interface development which utilizes distinctive rules-based parts fitment software capabilities. To handle the ever-growing need for
accurate product and parts data, we use cutting-edge computational and software engineering techniques, including Bayesian classification,
to enhance and improve data records and product information, and ultimately to contribute to the overall development of a rich and engaging
user experience. Furthermore, our technology platform is architected to support much more than just car parts and accessories. We believe
that we have demonstrated the flexibility and scalability of our technology by launching seven adjacent verticals, including BOATiD.com,
MOTORCYCLEiD.com, CAMPERiD.com, and others in August 2018, all of which leverage the same proprietary technology platform and data architecture. 

Management believes
that an increasing portion of the dollars spent on vehicle parts and accessories will be spent online and that there is an opportunity
for acquiring more market share in that realm. Our platform business model is designed to grow our net revenue by acquiring new customers
as well as stimulating repeat purchases from our existing customers. Through paid and unpaid advertising, we attract new and repeat customers
to our sites. We attempt to turn these customers into repeat customers by creating a seamless shopping experience across their entire
journey offering best-in-class product discovery, purchasing, fulfillment and customer service. 

36 

There are several key
competitive strengths that management believes highlight the attractiveness of the Company s platform business model and underscore
how PARTS iD, Inc. is differentiated from its competition, including: 

1. The Company s distinctive
technology, customer-first UI, and proprietary fitment data that enables a differentiated shopping experience for the automotive parts
consumer. Unlike any other consumer product category, we believe that the success or failure of selling automotive parts, and especially
aftermarket accessories at scale, comes down to rich and comprehensive fitment data. We believe that the Company has been successful
at developing its own proprietary fitment database which is not licensed for use to any other person or entity. 

2. We believe that the Company s product catalog of over
eighteen million products and over forty-five hundred brands is unrivaled. Our comprehensive catalog is enriched with over fourteen billion
data points, advanced 3D imagery, in-depth product descriptions, customer reviews, installation and fitment guides, as well as other
rich custom content specifically catering to the needs of the automotive aftermarket industry and is further complemented by our highly
trained and specialized customer service. 

The Company s proprietary and asset-light fulfillment model has enabled us to grow organically
 without external capital. This platform model is enabled by a network of over one thousand suppliers which we have cultivated
 relationships with and integrated over the last fifteen years. This has enabled us to further scale our catalog size and to add
 adjacent verticals which allows us to offer a broader array of product lines over our competitors. Furthermore, our geo-sourcing
 fulfillment algorithm factors in real-time inventory when available, customer proximity, shipping cost, and profitability to
 optimize product sourcing. This algorithmic approach allows us to increase fill rate and delivery speed. 

3. The Company s differentiated customer experience is
a result of rich content, wide product range with ease of selection, proprietary fitment data, and highly trained customer service representatives,
providing a data-driven engagement platform for discovery and inspiration. This is demonstrated by: 

a. the Company s Net Promoter Score continues to be between
60 70 despite the global supply chain disruptions (primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic) which began in 2021 and continues
today; 

b. the Company s overall product return rate across all eight verticals
is consistently within the range of 5 - 6 ; and 

c. repeat customer revenue was
34 of total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022. 

37 

The Company has invested
sixteen years in building its proprietary platform and we believe that our investment in technology and data has allowed us to expand
into adjacent verticals, leveraging a capital-efficient just-in-time inventory model to offer our consumers an extensive selection and
customer experience. 

During 2022, we took
several measures to reduce operating costs, including reducing advertising expense, general and administrative overhead and capital expenditures.
In June 2022, we took steps to reduce our costs by reducing our employment base in the United States, and reducing our independent contractors
in Ukraine, the Philippines, and Costa Rica, and by reducing other operating expenses. The employees and independent contractors affected
by this reduction were informed of the Company s decision beginning in June 2022. The annualized savings from the measures described
above were approximately 12 million. Additionally, in October 2022, the Company successfully negotiated a new shipping contract that
will yield more than 15 in lower outbound shipping rates. The shipping cost reduction is expected to reduce shipping losses and the cost
of delivery to customers. 

Although the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused
economic disruptions on a global scale, and created significant uncertainty, we believe it increased the adoption of online shopping
by consumers and, for periods during which stimulus payments were disbursed by the government, increased demand, which had a positive
effect on the Company s revenue and profitability. However, there was a decline in traffic after the first quarter of 2021, primarily
due to an increase in the average cost-per-click in the Company s search advertising programs and lower consumer discretionary
spend that adversely impacted marketing productivity. We also experienced increased order cancellations in 2022 due to supply chain disruptions.
In addition, due to liquidity issues, we were unable to generate traffic to our sites, thus causing a significant decline in revenues
compared to the prior year. The decrease in traffic and increased order cancellations, decreases in the conversion rate and average
order values resulted in lower revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Impact of COVID-19 

We continue to actively
monitor the COVID-19 pandemic, including the spread of certain variants of the virus and plan for potential impacts on our business. While
conditions related to the pandemic generally have improved in 2022 compared to 2021 and 2020, they vary geographically. Even though the
COVID-19 pandemic has caused economic disruptions on a global scale, and created significant uncertainty, we believe it increased volume
of online shopping by consumers and, for periods during which stimulus payments were disbursed by the government, particularly between
April 2020 and April 2021, increased demand for the products of the Company had positive effect on revenues and profitability. However,
there was a decline in traffic to our sites in 2022, due to an increase in the average cost-per-click in the Company s search advertising
programs, changes in channel mix, and lower consumer discretionary spending due to a downturn in economic conditions. 

The impact of COVID-19, including
changes in consumer behavior, pandemic fears and market downturns, and restrictions on business and individual activities, has created
significant volatility in the global economy. Recent outbreaks in certain regions continue to cause intermittent COVID-19-related disruptions
in our supply chain. Continued spikes in the price of materials, workforce shortages and shipping and seaport delays led to increases
in the cost of goods sold, which negatively impacted gross margins of the Company. Supply chain challenges have increased order cancellations
and shipping costs. After more than two years of port congestions and container shortages, supply chain disruptions are showing signs
of easing. We continue to pass a portion of the increased costs through to our customers, while balancing the need to maintain price competitiveness.
Notwithstanding the economic challenges described above, the Company achieved a Gross Margin of 18.7 during 2022 compared to 20.1 in
the prior year. 

Management continues to focus on efforts to drive
growth, including product cultivation, vendor optimization, distribution network expansion and marketing diversification with a greater
emphasis on the additional verticals, original equipment OE and repair parts business. 

38 

Russian-Ukrainian
Conflict 

The Russian invasion
of Ukraine and resulting in response from several nations have impacted, and are expected to continue to impact, our business in the
near term. Russia s invasion of Ukraine has elevated global geopolitical tensions and security concerns as well as having recently
created some inflationary pressures. Our engineering and product data development team as well as back office and part of its customer
service center are located in Ukraine. Therefore, the conflict in Ukraine could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. While the conflict has not caused significant disruptions to our operations to date, it could have
a material adverse effect upon the Company in future periods. 

Since the onset of the
active conflict in February 2022, most of our contractors have been able to continue their work, although at a reduced capacity and/or
schedule. 

Our websites and call
centers have continued to function but could be more negatively impacted in the future. Some of our contractors have moved outside
of Ukraine to neighboring countries where they continue to work remotely. Some of our contractors who have remained in Ukraine
have moved to other areas in Ukraine, but their ability to continue work is subject to significant uncertainty and potential disruptions. 

The situation in Ukraine
is highly complex and continues to evolve. We cannot provide any assurance that our outsourced teams in Ukraine will be able to provide
efficient and uninterrupted services, which could have an adverse effect on our operations and business. In addition, our ability to
maintain adequate liquidity for our operations is dependent on a number of factors, including our revenue and earnings, which could be
significantly impacted by the conflict in Ukraine. Further, any major breakdown or closure of utility services, any major threat to civilians
or any international banking disruption could materially impact the operations and liquidity of the Company. We will continue monitoring
the military, social, political, regulatory and economic environment in Ukraine and Russia, and will consider further actions as appropriate. 

39 

Key Financial and Operatin g Metrics 

We measure our business using financial and operating
metrics, as well as non-GAAP financial measures. See Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for
more information on non-GAAP financial measures. We monitor several key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance,
develop financial forecasts and make strategic decisions, including the following traffic and engagement metrics: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 YoY Change 
 Change 
 
 Number of Users 
 107,300,006 
 127,459,324 
 (20,159,318 
 (15.8 
 
 Number of Sessions 
 180,683,108 
 238,708,556 
 (58,025,448 
 (24.3 
 
 Number of Pageviews 
 708,031,453 
 988,152,867 
 (280,121,414 
 (28.3 
 
 Pages/Sessions 
 3.92 
 4.14 
 (0.22 
 (5.3. 
 
 Average Session Duration 
 0:02:54 
 0:03:15 
 (0:00:21 
 (10.8 

We use the metrics above to gauge our ability
to acquire targeted traffic and keep users engaged. This information informs us of how effective our proprietary technology, data, and
content is, and helps us define our strategic roadmap and key initiatives. 

Results of Operations 

Years ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

of Rev. 

2021 

of Rev. 

Amount 

Revenue, net 

340,596,365 

448,668,928 

(108,072,563) 

(24.1) 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

276,920,256 

81.3 

358,439,239 

79.9 

(81,518,983) 

(22.7) 
 
 Gross profit 

63,676,109 

18.7 

90,229,689 

20.1 

(26,553,580) 

(29.4) 
 
 Gross Margin 

18.7 

20.1 

Operating expenses: 

Advertising 

31,509,076 

9.3 

42,346,886 

9.4 

(10,837,810) 

(25.6) 
 
 Selling, general administrative 

39,492,132 

11.6 

49,554,126 

11.0 

(10,061,994) 

(20.3) 
 
 Depreciation 

8,283,982 

2.4 

7,465,095 

1.7 

818,887 

11.0 

Total operating expenses 

79,285,190 

23.3 

99,366,107 

22.1 

(20,080,917) 

(20.2) 
 
 Loss from operations 

(15,609,081) 

(4.6) 

(9,143,418) 

2.0 

(66,472,663) 

(70.8) 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants 

(248,000) 

(0.1) 

- 

0.0 

(248,000) 

Interest expense 

240,282 

0.1 

7,172 

0.0 

233,110 

3250.3 

Loss before income tax 

(15,601,363) 

(4.6) 

(9,143,590) 

2.0 

(6,457,773) 

70.6 

Income tax (benefit) 

2,322,517 

0.7 

(1,180,790) 

0.2 

3,503,307 

296.7 

Net loss 

(17,923,880) 

(5.3) 

(7,962,800) 

(1.8) 

(9,961,080) 

(125.1) 

Revenue 

Revenue decreased 108.1 million, or 24.1 , for
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily attributable a decrease in
site traffic of 9.1 offset by increases in the conversion rate of 24.3 and in the average order value of 12.5 all of which led to a
decrease in orders. 

Supply chain disruptions adversely impacted our
sales for the year. Cancellations of sales orders increased to 10.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 10.9 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cancellation rates resulted in 15 million more in cancellations in 2021 and 10 million more
in cancellations in 2022 compared to 2021. 

The increase in the site conversion rate was
primarily attributable to search engine bidding automation and optimization, continuous customer experience enhancements and pricing
initiatives, product cultivation, and continued e-commerce adoption. The increase in the average order value was primarily attributable
to increases in the average number of items per order, changes in the mix of categories of items sold and inflation. 

40 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Cost of goods sold is composed of product cost, the
associated fulfillment and handling costs charged by vendors, if any, and shipping costs. In the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of
goods sold decreased by 81.5 million, or 22.7 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in cost of goods sold was
primarily driven by a decrease in the number of orders or products sold, partially offset by increases in cost of product and shipping
costs. Included in cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 is 3.9 million related to vendor credits that may not be recoverable. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of goods
sold was 81.3 of revenue, compared to 79.9 revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 0.4 increase in cost of goods sold as
a percentage of revenue was primarily attributable to trailing supply chain disruptions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had to source some products from alternate vendors that had higher price points due to product price
inflation and higher shipping costs, which higher prices were not passed on to the customer entirely. We have now begun to pass a portion
of the increased costs through to our customers, while balancing the need to maintain price competitiveness. Management only expects these
cost pressures to materially ease when the COVID-19 pandemic and related containment measures abate, which cannot be currently predicted
with any certainty. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 

Gross profit decreased 26.5 million, or 29.4 , for
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily attributable to the 24.1 
decrease in revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022 due to supply chain interruptions and vendor related constraints in the second
half of the year, partially offset by the increase in cost of goods sold due primarily a slight increase costs and trailing supply chain
disruptions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic in the first half of the year, and the 3.9 million charge related to vendor credits
discussed above. 

Gross margin of 18.7 for the year ended December
31, 2022, was lower than the gross margin of 20.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to increases in product
and shipping costs associated with ongoing supply chain disruptions as discussed above and the 3.9 million charge discussed above. 

Operating Expenses 

Advertising expenses decreased 10.8 million, or 25.6 ,
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in advertising costs was primarily attributable
a decrease in average cost-per-click, a change in the mix of advertising channels used and a downturn in economic conditions. Management
believes investment in advertisement is one of the key drivers of revenue and its efficiency is measured by management in terms of revenue
per advertisement dollar spent. 

Decreases in overall available searches and increasing
competition, coupled with additional campaigns that were transitioned to automated bidding from manual bidding, led to lower costs-per-click
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The consequent higher advertising cost was partly
offset by an increase in the site conversion rate and the average order value. Management continues to take steps to diversify advertising
in new channels, such as paid social and customer retention programs to drive growth. 

Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses decreased 10.1 million, or 20.3 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily attributable to
a decrease in of 2.5 million in merchant processing costs, 2.4 million in share-based compensation, 1.7 million in direct support costs,
 1.2 million in in payroll in line with the increase in revenue. 

Depreciation expense increased 0.8 million or 11
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

41 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was 240,282, an increase of 2333,110
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Income Tax Expenses 

Income tax expense increased by 3.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the effective income
(benefit) tax rate was (20.4) compared to 12.91 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in rate was primarily attributable
to changes in valuation allowance, state taxes and the incurrence of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 

This report includes non-GAAP financial measures
that differ from financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ).
These non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures reported by other companies and should be considered in addition
to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, other measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Management uses non-GAAP financial
measures internally to evaluate the performance of the business. Additionally, management believes certain non-GAAP measures provide
meaningful incremental information to investors to consider when evaluating the performance of the Company. 

To this end, we provide EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA,
which are non-GAAP financial measures. EBITDA consists of net income (loss) plus (a) interest expense; (b) income tax provision (or less
benefit); and (c) depreciation expense. Adjusted EBITDA consists of EBITDA plus stock compensation expense and other costs, fees, expenses,
write offs and other items that do not impact the fundamentals of our operations, as described further below following the reconciliation
of these metrics. Management believes these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors in their assessment of the performance
of our business. The exclusion of certain expenses in calculating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA facilitates operating performance comparisons
on a period-to-period basis as these costs may vary independent of business performance. Accordingly, we believe that EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as
our management and the Board. 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as
an analytical tool, and you should not consider these measures in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported
under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

Although
 depreciation is a non-cash charge, the assets being depreciated may have to be replaced in
 the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements
 for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 

EBITDA
 and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in our working capital; 

EBITDA
 and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect income tax payments that may represent a reduction in
 cash available to us; 

EBITDA
 and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect depreciation and interest expenses associated with the
 lease financing obligations; and 

Other
 companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently,
 which reduces its usefulnes s as a comparative measure. 

Because of these limitations, you should consider
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net income (loss) and
our other GAAP results. 

42 

The following table reflects the reconciliation of net
income (loss) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for each of the years indicated. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (17,923,880 
 (7,962,800 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants 
 (248,000 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 240,282 
 7,172 
 
 Income tax (benefit) 
 2,322,517 
 (1,180,790 
 
 Depreciation 
 8,283,982 
 7,465,095 
 
 EBITDA 
 (7,325,099 
 (1,671,323 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 2,444,246 
 4,852,985 
 
 Legal and settlement expenses (1) 
 761,587 
 1,150,247 

(4,119,266 
 4,331,909 
 
 As of revenues 
 (1.21 
 0.97 

(1) Represents legal and settlement expenses and gains related to
significant matters that do not impact the fundamentals of our operations, pertaining to: (i) causes of action between certain of the
Company s shareholders and which involves claims directly against the Company seeking the fulfillment of alleged indemnification
obligations with respect to these matters, and (ii) trademark and IP protection cases. We are involved in routine IP litigation, commercial
litigation, and other various litigation matters. We review litigation matters from both a qualitative and quantitative perspective to
determine if excluding the losses or gains will provide our investors with useful incremental information. Litigation matters can vary
in their characteristics, frequency, and significance to our operating results. 

Net loss increased by
 10.0 million to a net loss of 17.9 million by a decrease in revenues offset by decreases in advertising costs, non-cash stock
compensation expense and public company operating expenses, as discussed above. The year-over-year decrease in Adjusted EBITDA for
the year ended December 31, 2022, was attributable to the increase in net loss, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based
compensation. 

Free Cash Flow 

To provide investors with additional
information regarding our financial results, we have also disclosed free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures (which consist of purchases of property and equipment and
website and software development costs). We have provided a reconciliation below of free cash flow to net cash provided by operating
activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 

43 

We have included free cash flow in this report
because it is an important indicator of our liquidity as it measures the amount of cash we generate. Accordingly, we believe that free
cash flow provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner
as our management. 

Free cash flow has limitations as a financial
measure, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. There are
limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures, including that other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate
free cash flow differently. Because of these limitations, you should consider free cash flow alongside other financial performance measures,
including net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, capital expenditures and our other GAAP results. 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided
by operating activities to free cash flow for each of the years indicated. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) / provided by operating activities 
 (18,494,903 
 8,620,390 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 (94,195 
 (324,025 
 
 Purchase of intangible assets 
 - 
 (25,214 
 
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 90,250 
 - 
 
 Website and software development costs 
 (5,704,021 
 (7,250,921 

Free Cash Flow 
 (24,202,869 
 1,020,230 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company s cash
was 3.8 million and 23.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have operated with a negative working capital model
since our inception. The Company has a working capital deficiency of approximately 41.6 million. We continue to face macro-economic headwinds,
liquidity issues and the resulting declining revenue and profitability, which substantially decreased the negative working capital, and
resulted in the use of approximately 18.5 million in cash from operating activities, of which 14.3million was attributable to changes
in working capital during the year ended December 31, 2022. With this, substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue
as going concern within one year after filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

To address liquidity concerns,
the Company continues to restructure and optimize its operations including moderating capital investments, improving gross margin, reducing
expenses, and renegotiating vendor payment terms. The Company also believes that the newly negotiated shipping contract will lead to a
substantial reduction in our shipping costs which began early November 2022. This will enable the Company to increase revenue and improve
profitability. In addition, the Company obtained 5 million of net funding to address its liquidity needs. For more information, please
see Note 14 Subsequent Events. 

Our ability to meet
our obligations as they become due is dependent upon the degree of the success of our plans. Our ability to meet our obligations as they
become due is dependent upon increased and stabilized revenue and profitability and additional funding. The Company believes that the
operational adjustments that have been implemented, and the funds raised will improve the financial position and allow the Company to
continue operations for the next 12 months. 

44 

However, any projections
of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to uncertainty. See Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the factors that may impact our ability to maintain adequate liquidity. 

Cash Flow Summary 

The change in cash and cash equivalents is as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) / provided by operating activities 
 (18,494,903 
 8,620,390 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (5,707,966 
 (7,600,160 
 
 Net cash provided by / (used in) financing activities 
 4,795,906 
 (19,706 
 
 Net change in cash 
 (19,406,963 
 1,000,524 

Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations, particularly negative working capital. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

The net cash provided by operating activities
consist of our net loss, adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation, and share based compensation expense, as well as
the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. Operating cash flows can be volatile and are sensitive to many factors,
including changes in working capital and our net loss. The Company has a negative working capital model (current liabilities exceed current
assets). Any profitable growth in revenue results in incremental cash for the Company, where funds are received when customers place
orders on the website, while accounts payable are paid over a period, based on vendor terms, which range on average from one week to
eight weeks or more. 

45 

Cash used in operating activities in the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 18.5 million and was driven primarily by net loss of 17.9 million, changes in operating assets and liabilities
of 14.3 million and partially offset by the impact of the impact of non-cash depreciation and amortization expense of 8.3 million and
share based compensation of 2.4 million. 

Cash provided by operating activities in the
year ended December 31, 2021 was 8.6 million and was driven primarily by the impact of non-cash depreciation and amortization expense
of 7.5 million, cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 5.5 million, and share based compensation expense of
 4.8 million. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 5.7
million and 7.6 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, consisting primarily of website and software
development costs in both years. Cash used in investing activities varies depending on the timing of technology and product development
cycles. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022, was 4.8 million, compared to cash used of 0.02 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
was primarily related to net borrowings of 4.8 million. 

Future Cash Re q uirements 

Operating Leases 

The Company has several non-cancelable operating leases
for facilities and vehicles that expire over the next four years. Rental expense for operating leases was 861,362 and 1,207,969 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December
31, 2022 are as follows: 

Year ending December 31, 

2023 
 753,871 
 
 2024 
 276,358 
 
 2025 
 177,939 

1,208,168 

Debt and Capital Structure Activity 

The Company had no borrowings
until October 21, 2022, where the Company executed a Loan and Security Agreement Loan Agreement with JGB Collateral, LLC Administrative Agent or JGB ). The Loan Agreement provided for term loans in an aggregate principal amount
of up to 11.0 million under two tranches. The tranches consist of (i) a first tranche consisting of term a loan in the aggregate principal
amount of 5.5 million, of which the entire amount was funded to the Company at closing (the Initial Term Loan Advance 
and (ii) a second tranche consists of a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of an additional 5.5 million, which may be funded
to the Company by the Lender at its sole and absolute discretion (subject to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement) until the
date that is six months after the closing date (the Second Term Loan Advance and together with the Initial Term Loan Advance,
the Term Loan Advances ). The Initial Term Loan Advance was issued with an original issue discount of 500,000. On February
22, 2023, the Company and JGB executed an amendment to the Loan Agreement. See Note 14 Subsequent Events for more
information. 

As collateral for the
obligations, the Company has granted to the Lender a senior security interest in all of Company s right, title, and interest in,
to and under all of Company s property. 

46 

Warrants 

In connection with the entry into the Loan Agreement,
with respect to the Initial Term Loan Advance, the Company issued the Lender a warrant (the Warrant to purchase 1,000,000
shares (the Warrant Shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock ). Should the Company seek and obtain the Second Loan Term Advance in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement, the
Company will issue another Warrant to the Lender to purchase an additional 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock on the
same terms and conditions as the Warrant issued with respect to the Initial Term Loan Advance. 

The Company received funding of 5,000,000 in
cash on October 21, 2022. The warrant was valued at 799,000 using the Black-Scholes model. The Company paid approximately 0.2 million
in costs in connection with the loan. The loan calls for thirty monthly payments of 183,333 beginning April 30, 2023 with the last payment
due on September 30, 2025. 

In December 2022, the Company notified the lenders
that it was in violation of its revenue covenant as it did not meet certain revenue threshold. In January 2023, the lenders granted forbearance
to the Company in connection with these covenant violations through April 30, 2023. As a result, the Company paid 50,000 to the lenders
in exchange for issuing the forbearance. 

The Company continues to evaluate opportunities
to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, obtain finance and operating lease arrangements, and/or enter
into financing obligations for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. The sale of additional equity or convertible
debt securities would be dilutive to our shareholders. In addition, we will, from time to time, consider the acquisition of, or investment
in, complementary businesses, products, services, capital infrastructure, and technologies, which might affect our liquidity requirements
or cause us to secure additional financing, or issue additional equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional
credit lines or financing instruments will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

Capital Expenditures 

Capital expenditures consists primarily of website
and software development, and the amount and timing thereof vary depending on the timing of technology and product development cycles. 

47 

Dividends 

The Company has never paid dividends on any of
our capital stock and currently intends to retain any future earnings to fund the growth of our business. Any determination to pay dividends
in the future will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements,
general business conditions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. 

Cash Taxes 

Taxes paid in cash in the year ended December 31,
2022 were 5,000 and 7,209 during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 17,034,462 in federal and
 737,640 in state net operating losses NOLs ), all remaining from 2019 and onward and accordingly available to offset future
taxable income indefinitely. However, the NOLs are subject to an 80 of taxable income limitation for all periods after January 1, 2021.
The Company does not currently anticipate any significant increase or decrease of the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within
the next twelve months. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Critical accounting estimates are those estimates
made in accordance with GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have
a material impact on the financial condition or results of operation of the registrant. These items require the application of management s
most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, management
has made estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

In preparing these financial statements, management
has utilized available information, including our past history, industry standards and the current and projected economic environments,
among other factors, in forming its estimates, assumptions and judgments, giving due consideration to materiality. Because the use of
estimates is inherent in GAAP, actual results could differ from those estimates. In addition, other companies may utilize different estimates,
which may impact comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. A summary of the accounting
estimates that management believes are critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements is set forth below. See Note
2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for our other significant accounting policies and accounting
pronouncements that may impact the Company s consolidated financial position, earnings, cash flows or disclosures. 

Revenue Reco g nition 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) ASU 2014-09 ). This new standard replaced all previous accounting guidance on this topic, eliminated all industry-specific
guidance and provided a unified model to determine how revenue is recognized. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies need to use more judgment and make
more estimates than under prior guidance. Judgments include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount
of consideration to include in the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to each performance obligation. 

In determining the appropriate amount of revenue
to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under its agreements, we perform the following steps: (i) identify contracts with customers;
(ii) identify performance obligation(s); (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligation(s); and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy each performance obligation. 

We recognize revenue on product sales through
our website as the principal in the transaction, as we have concluded we control the product before it is transferred to the customer.
We control products when we are the entity responsible for fulfilling the promise to the customer and take responsibility for the acceptability
of the goods, assume inventory risk from shipment through the delivery date, have discretion in establishing prices, and select the product
vendors of products sold. 

48 

Our revenue recognition is impacted by estimates
of unshipped and undelivered orders at the end of the applicable reporting period. As we ship a large volume of packages through multiple
carriers, actual delivery dates may not always be available, and as such we estimate delivery dates based on historical data. If actual
unshipped and undelivered orders are not consistent with our estimates, the impact on our revenue for the applicable reporting period
could be material. The Company has two types of customer liabilities: (i) amounts received from customers prior to the delivery of products
are recorded as customer deposits on our balance sheets and are recognized as revenue when the products are delivered, amounting to 3,098,119
and 15,497,857 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and (ii) site credits, which are initially recorded in accrued expenses
and are recognized as revenue in the period they are redeemed, amounting to 3,414,019 and 2,855,998 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

The outstanding days from the order date of our
unshipped and undelivered orders based on our actual determination were, on average, 9.6 days as of December 31, 2022, and 11.6 days
as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in time between outstanding days from December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was due to
our prioritizing vendors with higher inventory levels. 

Sales discounts earned by customers at the time
of purchase and taxes collected from customers, which are remitted to governmental authorities, are deducted from gross revenue in determining
net revenue. Allowances for sales returns are estimated and recorded based on historical experience and reduce product revenue, inclusive
of shipping fees, by expected product returns. Net allowances for sales returns as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 549,250 and 738,465,
respectively. 

If actual sales returns are not consistent with our estimates, or
if we have to make adjustments, we may incur future losses or gains that could be material. Adjustments to our estimated net allowances
for sales returns over the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
 Adjustments 
 Balance at Close of Period 
 
 2022 
 738,465 
 (189,215 
 549,250 
 
 2021 
 1,062,077 
 (323,612 
 738,465 

Website and Software Development 

We capitalize certain costs associated with website
and software (technology platform including the catalog) developed for internal use in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350-50, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Website Development Costs, and ASC 350-40, Intangibles
 Goodwill and Other Internal Use Software, when both the preliminary project design and the testing stage are completed
and management has authorized further funding for the project, which it deems probable of completion and to be used for the function
intended. Capitalized costs include amounts directly related to website and software development such as contractors fees, payroll
and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to our internal-use software. Capitalization
of such costs ceases when the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Capitalized costs are amortized over
a three-year period commencing on the date that the specific module or platform is placed in service. Costs incurred during the preliminary
stages of development and ongoing maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Determinations as to when a project is substantially complete
and what constitutes ongoing maintenance require judgments and estimates by management. We periodically review the carrying values of
capitalized costs and makes judgments as to ultimate realization. 

The amount of capitalized software costs for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Capitalized Software 
 
 2022 
 5,704,021 
 
 2021 
 7,250,921 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Compensation expense related to stock option
awards and restricted stock units granted to certain employees, directors and consultants is based on the fair value of the awards on
the grant date. If the service inception date precedes the grant date, accrual of compensation cost for periods before the grant date
is based on the fair value of the award at the reporting date. In the period in which the grant date occurs, cumulative compensation
cost is adjusted to reflect the cumulative effect of measuring compensation cost based on fair value at the grant date rather than the
fair value previously used at the service inception date or any subsequent reporting date. Forfeitures are recorded as they occur. The
Company recognizes compensation cost related to time-vested options and restricted stock units with graded vesting features on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service period. Compensation cost related to performance-vesting options and performance-based units, where
a performance condition or a market condition that affects vesting exists, is recognized over the shortest of the explicit, implicit,
or defined service periods. Compensation cost is adjusted depending on whether the performance condition is achieved. If the achievement
of the performance condition is probable or becomes probable, the full fair value of the award is recognized. If the achievement of the
performance condition is not probable or ceases to be probable, then no compensation cost is recognized or amounts previously recognized
are reversed. 

Changes in expectations and outcomes different
from estimates (such as the achievement or non-achievement of performance conditions) may cause a significant adjustment to earnings
in a reporting period as timing and amount of expense recognition is highly dependent on management s estimate. 

49 

Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates for years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The measurement of deferred
tax assets is reduced by the amount of any tax benefit that, based on available evidence, is not expected to be realized, and a corresponding
allowance is established. The current income tax provision reflects the tax consequences of revenues and expenses currently taxable or
deductible on the Company s various income tax returns for the reporting year. 

Allowance for Doub t ful Accounts 

Accounts receivable balances include amounts
due from customers. The Company periodically reviews its accounts receivable balances to determine whether an allowance for doubtful
accounts is necessary based on an analysis of past due accounts, historical occurrences of credit losses, existing economic conditions,
and other circumstances that may indicate that the realization of an account is in doubt. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
determined that an allowance for doubtful accounts was not necessary. As circumstances change, it could result in material adjustments
to the allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently
have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable SEC regulations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
elsewhere in this report for information on how recent accounting pronouncements have affected or may affect our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our financial statements and other information
required by this item are set forth herein in a separate section beginning with the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page
F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

During fiscal years December 31, 2021 through
December 22, 2022, there were (i) no disagreements as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K with
UHY on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement(s),
if not resolved to the satisfaction of UHY would have caused UHY to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement(s) in connection
with its report on the Onyx Financial Statements, and (ii) no reportable events as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K. 

As noted above, Withum had served as Legacy s
independent registered public accounting firm since 2017. Withum also had served as Onyx s independent registered public accounting
firm beginning in 2016, but it did not provide any auditing services to Onyx in connection with the Business Combination. During fiscal
2018 and 2019, and through December 22, 2020, Withum did not provide any services or consultations to the Company or Onyx, except pursuant
to that for which it was engaged. 

50 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements under all potential conditions. Therefore, effective internal
control over financial reporting provides only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance with respect to the preparation and presentation
of financial statements. 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). As a result of that evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As
a smaller reporting company and non-accelerated filer, management s report is not subject to attestation by our registered public
accounting firm. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

51 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees. Complete copies of our code of ethics, our audit committee charter, our compensation committee
charter, our nominating and corporate governance committee charter and our strategy, technology and risk management committee charter
are available on our website at www.partsidinc.com . The inclusion of the Company s website address in this report does not
include or incorporate by reference the information on the Company s website into this report. In addition, a copy of the code
of ethics will be provided without charge upon request to us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions
of our code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller
by posting such information on our website at www.partsidinc.com . 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
our executive officers as of April 17, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 John Pendleton 
 
 63 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Legal Corporate Affairs 
 
 James Doss 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Mark Atwater 
 
 63 
 
 Vice President of Vendor Relations 

John Pendleton has served as the Company s
Interim Chief Executive Officer since February 2023 and the Company s Executive Vice President, Legal Corporate Affairs since
October 2021. Previously, he was a partner at DLA Piper for 11 years. Prior to joining DLA Piper, he was a partner at McCarter 
English, where he practiced law from 1985 to 2010. Over his distinguished legal career, he defended public and private companies in breach
of contract, misrepresentation, ERISA, RICO, securities fraud, complex litigation and regulatory matters. John tried numerous cases throughout
the United States and managed thousands of cases as national coordinating counsel for one of the largest financial service companies
in the U.S. His clients have included Fortune 100 companies in financial services, pharmaceutical, real estate, leasing, insurance, and
employee benefits areas. In addition, Mr. Pendleton is the former Mayor of Mountain Lakes, New Jersey and served as a member of its governing
body for eight years. He currently serves on the board of Washington Jefferson College and is also a trustee of the New Jersey
Institute for Social Justice. He graduated from Rutgers University School of Law in 1984 and Washington Jefferson College with
a B.A. (magna cum laude) in 1981. 

James Doss has Company s Chief Financial
Officer since January 2023. Most recently, Mr. Doss served as Chief Financial Officer at Indyme Solutions, LLC, a leading software and
tech services provider of customer engagement and active loss prevention systems, where he oversaw financial reporting, budgeting, general
accounting, credit and collateral, and corporate finance. Prior to his time at Indyme, Mr. Doss served as Chief Financial Officer at
RF Industries, LTD (NASDAQ: RFIL), a publicly traded manufacturer of interconnect products and systems across wireless/wireline telecom,
data communications and industrial markets. Earlier in his career, Doss held several progressively senior finance roles across several
organizations, leading to improved financial performance, heightened productivity and enhanced internal controls. Mr. Doss earned a Bachelor
of Science and a Master of Business Administration from San Diego State University. 

Mark Atwater served as Onyx s Vice
President of Vendor Relations from October 2016 until the Closing of the Business Combination in November 2020 and has served as the
Company s Vice President of Vendor Relations since the Closing. As Vice President of Vendor Relations, Mr. Atwater is responsible
for the leadership of the Vendor Relations Department, management of Onyx s vendor partners, pricing strategy, new product category
development and carrier logistics. Since joining Onyx in 2011, Mr. Atwater has served in a variety of positions including General Manager
and Director of Vendor Relations. Prior to joining Onyx, while serving in a variety of positions in the automotive industry, Mr. Atwater
obtained experience in negotiating, purchasing, logistics and distribution, warehouse management, retail store management, automotive
sales and e-commerce sales. 

Additional information required by this Item
10 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item 11 will be contained in the
Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item 12 will be contained in the
Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

The information required by this Item 13 will be contained in the
Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item 14 will be contained in the
Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

52 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report
 on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements of PARTS
iD, Inc. are set forth beginning on page F-1 below. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules are omitted as the information required
is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or the related notes. 

53 

3. Exhibits 

See Exhibit Index below. 

(b) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement among Legacy Acquisition Corp., Excel Merger Sub I, Inc., Excel Merger Sub II, LLC, and Onyx Enterprises Int l Corp., and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, dated as of September 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020). 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on November 23, 2020). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on November 23, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 See Exhibit 3.1 for provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company defining the rights of holders of Common Stock of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on November 23, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 See Exhibit 3.2 for provisions of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, of the Company defining the rights of holders of Common Stock of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on November 23, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Separation and General Release Agreement, by and between PARTS ID, Inc. and Ajay Roy, dated June 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2022). 

10.2 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, by and among PARTS iD, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and JGB Collateral, LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Lenders, dated as of October 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of October 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement, by and among PARTS iD, Inc., PARTS iD, LLC, the Lenders party thereto and JGB Collateral, LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Lenders, dated as of October 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2022). 

10.5# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, by and between Parts iD, Inc. and James Doss (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2022). 

10.6 
 
 Forbearance Agreement and Reservation of Rights, dated as of January 17, 2023, by and among PARTS iD, Inc., PARTS iD, LLC, the Lenders party thereto and JGB Collateral LLC, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023). 

54 

10.7 
 
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, by and among PARTS iD, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and JGB Collateral, LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Lenders, dated as of February 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2023). 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Intellectual Property Security Agreement, by and among PARTS iD, Inc., PARTS iD, LLC, the Lenders party thereto and JGB Collateral, LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Lenders, dated as of February 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2023). 

10.9 
 
 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2023, by and between the Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023). 

10.10 
 
 Form of Convertible Note, dated as of March 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of March 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023). 

10.12# 
 
 PARTS iD, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021). 

10.13# 
 
 PARTS iD, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (incorporated by reference to Annex F to the Company s Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed on October 30, 2020). 

10.14# 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the PARTS iD 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2020). 

10.15# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the PARTS iD 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2020). 

10.16# 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2021). 

10.17# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the PARTS iD, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2021). 

10.18# 
 
 Form of Performance Units Agreement under the PARTS iD, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2021). 

10.19# 
 
 Offer Letter, dated September 14, 2021, between PARTS iD, LLC and B. John Pendleton, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2020). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, independent registered public accounting firm of PARTS iD, Inc. (f/k/a Legacy Acquisition Corp.) 

55 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.1 
 
 The following financial
 statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i)
 Balance Sheets, (ii) Statements of Operations, (iii) Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit, (iv) Statements of Cash
 Flows, and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.1). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

# Each of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract,
compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

56 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PARTS iD, INC. 

April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Pendleton 

John Pendleton 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Each of the undersigned
hereby appoints John Pendleton and James Doss, and each of them (with full power to act alone), as attorneys and agents for the undersigned,
with full power of substitution, for and in the name, place and stead of the undersigned, to sign and file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, any and all amendments and exhibits to this annual report on Form 10-K
and any and all applications, instruments and other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to this
annual report on Form 10-K or any amendments thereto, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever
requisite and necessary or desirable. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on April 17, 2023. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John Pendleton 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President, 

John Pendleton 
 
 Legal Corporate Affairs 
 
 April 17, 2023 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ James Doss 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Assistant 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 James Doss 
 
 Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Prashant Pathak 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Prashant Pathak 

/s/ Aditya Jha 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Aditya Jha 

/s/ Darryl T.F. McCall 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Darryl T.F. McCall 

/s/ Rahul Petkar 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Rahul Petkar 

/s/ Edwin J. Rigaud 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Edwin J. Rigaud 

/s/ Lev Peker 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Lev Peker 

57 

PARTS ID, INC. 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 1 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-3 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders 
 Deficit 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 2 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of PARTS iD, Inc: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of PARTS iD, Inc (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
entity has suffered recurring losses from operations, has experienced cash used from operations, and has an accumulated deficit, that
raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also
described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our
opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Revenue Recognition 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, management follows the guidance provided in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers for determining when
revenue is recognized. Management satisfied their performance obligation when products are delivered, which is impacted by estimates of
unshipped and undelivered orders. This determination is a matter of judgment that depends on an estimate of when products are delivered. Revenue
was approximately 340.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The estimated amount received from customers prior to the delivery
of products are recorded as customer deposits on the Company s consolidated balance sheets amounted to approximately 3.1 million
as of December 31, 2022. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that satisfaction of the performance obligation was a critical audit matter related to the Company s estimate of unshipped and undelivered
orders. 

How the Critical Matter Was Addressed in
the Audit 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. The procedures
for testing management s estimate of unshipped and undelivered orders included gaining an understanding of how management estimated
the completion of their performance obligation and testing management s calculation supporting the estimate by vouching delivered
items to delivery notifications generated by the common carrier. This included testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying historical
data used as well as the application of that estimate at December 31, 2022. 

Capitalization of Website and Software Development 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company capitalizes certain costs related to website and software developed for internal use when those costs
will result in significant additional functionality. The Company s capitalized internal-use software asset, net of accumulated amortization,
was approximately 12.1 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company capitalized approximately 5.7 million of internal-use software costs
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We identified the determination of capitalized
internal-use software development costs as a critical audit matter because of the degree of subjectivity involved in assessing which projects
met the capitalization criteria. 

How the Critical Matter Was Addressed in
the Audit 

To test the capitalization of software, our audit
procedures included, among others, performing substantive tests of detail to agree amount capitalized to supporting third party invoices
and testing the data utilized by management to make the determination to capitalize or expense the transaction amount. We evaluated the
Company s policy including key judgments and evaluated data sources used by management in determining their judgments and, where
necessary, included an evaluation of available information that either corroborated or contradicted management s conclusions. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2020. 

April 17, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 4 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Deferred tax assets 
 -

Right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Security deposits 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Notes payable, net of unamortized discount of 
 
 -

Warrants liability 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Operating lease, net of current portion 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value per share; Class F shares authorized and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A shares authorized and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Advertising 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Change in value of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Loss before income tax expense (benefit) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net loss 

Net loss 

Loss available to common shareholders 

Loss per share (basic and diluted)

Weighted average number of shares (basic and diluted)

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 

- 

Shares issued on release of working capital reserve 

- 
 -

Share-based compensation 

-

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Share-based compensation 

-

Shares issued on RSU s vesting 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Capitalized equity raising costs 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Share-based compensation expense 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 
 
 -

Gain on sale of fixed assets 
 
 -

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 -

Decrease in value of warrants issued 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Other assets 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 
 -

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of intangible assets 
 -

Website and software development costs 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Principal paid on notes payable 
 -

Payment of debt issue costs 
 
 -

Proceeds from JGB loan - net 
 
 -

Payments of stock raising costs 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the year 

Cash, end of the year 

Supplemental non-cash disclosure 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating leases 
 
 -

Issuance of warrants related to JGB loan 
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 8 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Management believes that the Company is a market leader and proven brand-builder, fueled by its commitment to delivering
an engaging shopping experience; comprehensive, accurate and varied product offerings; and continued digital commerce innovation. 

shares of Class A common stock to Onyx shareholders and all outstanding shares of Legacy Class F common stock
and warrants for Legacy Class A common stock were settled through a combination of cash, redemptions, cancellation and conversions into
Class A common stock of the Company. In addition, all outstanding Onyx preferred shares were redeemed and settled through a combination
of cash and issuance of Class A common stock of the Company. 

F- 9 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. Any loss incurred or lack
of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows. The Company manages accounts receivable credit risk through its policy of limiting extensions of credit to customers. Substantially
all customer orders are paid by credit card at the point of sale. 

million. We continue to face macro-economic
headwinds and the resulting declining revenue and profitability, which substantially decreased the negative working capital, and resulted
in the use of approximately million in cash from operating activities, of which million was attributable to changes
in working capital during the year ended December 31, 2022. With this, substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year from the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

million from the Loan Agreement with JGB (as
discussed below) of net funding to address its liquidity needs. 

F- 10 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and , respectively. Risk of loss is transferred
from the supplier to the Company at the shipping point. Since the purchased goods are immediately shipped directly from suppliers to
customers the Company deemed that an inventory reserve for obsolete or slow moving goods was unnecessary. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in prepaid expenses and other
current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 11 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years 
 
 Website and internally developed software 
 
 years 
 
 Computer and electronics 
 
 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

million and credit card payable of million payable to a credit card company. The Company has
not reached a definitive agreement with the credit card company on paying off the balance owed. The Company stopped making any payments
and is responsible for late fees and any interest on the outstanding balance. As of December 31,2022, accounts payable consisted of amounts
payable to vendors was million and million credit card payable to the same credit card company mentioned above. 

F- 12 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and ,
respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, and (ii) site credits (which are initially recorded in accrued expenses and are recognized as revenue in the period they
are redeemed), amounting to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million in advertising costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 and million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 13 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Unvested restricted stock units 

Warrant - JGB 
 
 -

Total 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computers and electronics 

Vehicles 

Leasehold improvements 

Video and equipment 

Total - gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total - net 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation of property
and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

F- 14 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million under two tranches. The tranches consist of (i) a first tranche consisting of term
loans in the aggregate principal amount of million, of which the entire amount was funded to the Company on the Closing Date (the
 Initial Term Loan Advance and (ii) a second tranche consisting of term loans in the aggregate principal amount of an
additional million, which may funded to the Company by the Lender in its sole and absolute discretion (subject to the terms and
conditions of the Loan Agreement) until the date that is six months after the Closing Date (the Second Term Loan Advance 
and together with the Initial Term Loan Advance, the Term Loan Advances ). Each of the Term Loan Advances will be issued
with an original issue discount of . 

shares
(the Warrant Shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ).
The Warrant will be exercisable for a period of from the date of issuance at a per-share exercise price equal to
 , subject to certain adjustments as specified in the Warrant. If the Company seeks and obtains the Second Loan Term Advance in accordance
with the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Company will issue another Warrant to the Lender to purchase shares of
the Company s Common Stock at a per-share exercise price equal to and otherwise on the same terms and conditions as
the Warrant issued with respect to the Initial Term Loan Advance. The Warrant also provides for customary shelf and piggyback registration
rights with respect to the Warrant Shares. 

million note was . The Company incurred debt issue costs of approximately in connection with this loan and recorded
a discount of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million outstanding net of amortization of debt issue costs of 
and amortization of discount on the note. The Company incurred of interest expense on the note during the quarter and
year ended December 31, 2022. A portion of the note was attributed to the warrant for shares of the Company s stock which
at the time of issuance had been valued at using the Black-Scholes model. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the warrant
was determined to be approximately , and accordingly, the decrease in its value was recorded as an offset other income and expense
on the consolidated statement of operations. The loan requires the Company to make payments of monthly payments of beginning
on April 30, 2023 with the last payment due . On January 6, 2023, the Company notified its Agent and Lender that
it was not in compliance with the Consolidated Quarterly Net Revenue Covenant (as defined in the Loan Agreement) for the calendar quarter
ended December 31, 2022. On February 22, 2023, the Company and JGB executed an amendment to the Loan Agreement and on February 27, 2023,
the Company repaid million of the loan to JGB. 

F- 15 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of preferred stock, par value of per share Preferred Stock ).
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no shares of Preferred Stock were issued or were outstanding. The Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company authorizes the Board to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional,
special, and other rights at the time of issue of any Preferred Stock. 

and 
shares of Class A common stock outstanding, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had reserved and ,
respectively, shares of Class A common stock for issuance as follows: 

Common shares to former Onyx shareholders 

b. 
 EIP reserve: Shares reserved for future issuance under the stockholder approved Parts iD, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

c. 
 ESPP reserve: Shares reserved for future issuance under the stockholder approved Parts iD, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock 

Purchase Plan 

Total shares reserved for future issuance 

F- 16 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. As mentioned in Note 2, the Company adopted ASC 842 effective January 1,
2022. Accordingly, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 includes a right-of-use asset. Rental expense for operating
leases was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

square
foot facility located in Cranbury, New Jersey. The monthly payments as follows: 

October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024 

October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 

square feet of expansion space with the following monthly payments: 

October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024 

October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 

discount rate and a weighted average term of years. The present value of the payments is recorded as a right-of use asset which
is amortized over the lease term. The above leases also provide for a - year renewal at the Company s option. The Company has
30 days prior to termination of the above leases to exercise the renewal option. Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating
leases as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less portion representing interest 

() 
 
 Present value of lease obligations 

Less current portion of lease obligations 

() 
 
 Long term portion of lease obligations 

F- 17 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

with two payments of in October and December 2022 and the remainder to be paid in 12 monthly installments
of plus interest at with the last payment due on . 

F- 18 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 19 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

,
exclusive of interest and costs. Default was entered against Parts iD for failing to timely answer the Plaintiff s complaint. Parts
iD has filed a motion to vacate the entry of default, which motion is still pending as of the date of this letter. 

,
exclusive of interest and costs. Parts iD has not yet filed a responsive pleading to the Plaintiff s complaint. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, in aggregate for the above potential loss contingencies. 

shares of
Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2020 EIP in the aggregate, shares remain available for issuance. 

of stock-based compensation expense. 

F- 20 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 

RSUs granted to directors,
of which vested on September 28, 2022 and the balance of will vest on June 14, 2023 or the date of the 2023 annual meeting
of stockholders, and (b) RSUs granted to various employees, contractors and consultants, in 2022 of which (i) will vest at various
intervals over a period, (ii) were forfeited, and (iii) will vest, subject to the participants continued
service to the Company, as provided in the applicable award agreements. During 2022, director and non-director shares
were vested. 

of stock-based
compensation expense associated with RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of
unamortized stock-based compensation expense was associated with outstanding RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining
weighted average period of years. 

Weighted average grant date fair value 

Cash flow based 

Weighted average grant date fair value 

Total 

PSUs to several employees, contractors and consultants that contain both service and performance-based vesting
conditions, of which PSUs were forfeited and the remaining were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The PSUs will vest in March
2024 based upon the level of achievement of several Company-specific cumulative operational performance milestones for the three years
ended December 31, 2023, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company. 

are based on
net revenue performance-based vesting conditions that were established at the grant date and are subject to cash flow performance-based
vesting conditions, of which certain thresholds had not been established as of December 31, 2022. As a result, the service inception
date of the cash-flow based PSUs precedes the grant date associated with these PSUs and the recognition of compensation expense is based
upon the fair value of these PSUs as of December 31, 2022. See Stock Compensation in Note 2 for more information. 

years was remaining before the expiration of outstanding
PSUs. 

F- 21 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2020 ESPP. The 2020 ESPP became effective immediately
upon the closing of the Business Combination, but it has not yet been implemented. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no shares had been
issued under the 2020 ESPP. 

Subtotal 

Deferred 

Federal 

() 
 
 State 

() 
 
 Subtotal 

() 
 
 Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

and respectively, differs from the federal statutory rate of primarily due to change
in the valuation allowance and the effect of state income taxes, expenses not deductible for income tax purposes and recognition of benefits
accruing due to start-up costs of the Company incurred for the period prior to the Business Combination. The Company s effective
income tax rate reconciliation is as follows: 

Permanent items 

State and local taxes, net of federal taxes 

Deferred rate changes 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Accrued expenses 

Stock compensation 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Accumulated depreciation 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liability 
 
 -

Other miscellaneous items 

Right-of-use asset 
 
 -

Start-up costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 
 
 -

Deferred tax assets, net 
 -

F- 22 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

federal net operating losses NOL ), all remaining from 2019 and onwards and accordingly available to offset future taxable
income indefinitely, however they are subject to an 80 of taxable income limitation for all periods after January 1, 2021. It is possible
that Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 382 may apply to these losses and limit their ability to be used in future periods. The analysis
thereof has not yet been performed. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was enacted in the United States. The CARES Act contains several tax provisions, including modifications to the NOL and business interest
limitations as well as a technical correction to the recovery period for qualified improvement property. The Company has evaluated these
provisions in the CARES Act and does not expect a material impact to its tax provision, except for the of taxable income limitation
on the future utilization of the Company s NOLs. 

of its equity continued to be held by the original shareholders of Onyx. 

during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to for the prior year. 

F- 23 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

per share, having an aggregate gross
sales price of up to (the Placement Shares ). The issuance and sale, if any, of the Placement Shares by the
Company under the Sales Agreement will be made pursuant to a prospectus supplement, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC on the date hereof, to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3, originally filed with the SEC
on September 16, 2022 and as amended on October 11, 2022, which became effective on October 14, 2022. 

of the gross sales proceeds of any Placement Shares sold through D.A. Davidson, acting as sales agent, under the Sales Agreement. 

F- 24 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

immediately due and payable under the Loan Agreement, unless a
forbearance agreement was reached with the Agent and the Lender. 

paid by the Company to the Lender pursuant the Forbearance Agreement. The Lender
agreed to extend the period in which the Company must register for resale the shares of common stock underlying the warrant issued to
the Lender in connection with the Loan Agreement from 90 days following the Issue Date to February 3, 2023. 

percent to decrease
operating expenses moving forward. 

million on February 23, 2023, (B) million
on August 22, 2023 and (C) the entire remaining principal balance and all accrued but unpaid interest (including the Original Issue Discount,
as defined in the Amendment) on August 22, 2024; (ii) the Agent agreed to withdraw the Notice of Default and not exercise its purported
rights and remedies thereunder; (iii) the Lender may elect, at any time and from time to time, to convert any outstanding portion of
the outstanding term loan into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share; (iv) removed the
 Cash Minimum covenant of which the Company had to maintain unrestricted, unencumbered Cash (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
of at least ; (v) removed the EBITDA (as defined in the Loan Agreement) covenant of which the Company had to maintain at least
the applicable EBITDA Target (as defined in the Loan Agreement) for each calendar quarter; (vi) removed the revenue covenant in which
the Company had to maintain consolidated quarterly net revenue of at least million each calendar quarter and (vii) provide a lien
to JGB in the Company s claims for trademark infringement against Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. pursuant to the lawsuit currently
pending in the (X) United States District Court for the District of New Jersey and captioned as Onyx Enterprises Int l, Corp
v. Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., and all proceeds and products thereof and (Y) United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts and captioned as Onyx Enterprises International Corp. v. ID Parts LLC, and all proceeds and products thereof (collectively,
the Volkswagen Trademark Claims ), provided that the Company can secure the Permitted Litigation Indebtedness (as defined
in the Amendment) on the terms described in the Amendment. 

F- 25 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of its employees to conserve resources as it is in the process of obtaining additional financing. 

million in junior secured convertible
promissory notes (the Convertible Notes and (ii) an aggregate of up to million warrants to purchase the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Warrants ), in one or more closings pursuant to the terms of the
Purchase Agreement. All of the disinterested directors of the Company s Board of Directors, as well as the disinterested directors
of the Audit Committee, reviewed and approved the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Convertible Notes and Warrants. As of the Initial
Closing Date, the Company issued and sold (i) an aggregate principal amount of of Convertible Notes and (ii) an aggregate
of Warrants, of which of Convertible Notes and Warrants were purchased by entities affiliated with certain
directors, officers and beneficial owners of the Company. 

per annum, compounded semi-annually and such interest may be paid at the option of the Company either in cash
or common stock. Upon the Company s sale and issuance of equity or equity-linked securities pursuant to which the Company receives
aggregate gross proceeds of at least million (a Qualified Equity Financing ), the Convertible Notes are mandatorily convertible
into shares of such equity securities sold in the Qualified Equity Financing. The Company may, at its option, redeem the Convertible
Notes (including the outstanding principal and any accrued but unpaid interest thereon) for cash, in full or in part, if the Convertible
Notes have otherwise not been converted within 180 days of the date of issuance. In addition, upon a Change of Control (as defined in
the Convertible Notes) of the Company, the Convertible Notes shall be repaid in full at or before the closing of such transaction in
cash. 

F- 26 

PARTS iD, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years from the date of issuance and may not be exercised on a cashless basis. The Warrants provide that a holder of Warrants
will not have the right to exercise any portion of its Warrants, if such holder, together with its affiliates, and any other party whose
holdings would be aggregated with those of the holder for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act would beneficially
own in excess of , of the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such
exercise (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provided, however, that each holder may increase or decrease the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation by giving notice to the Company, with any such increase not taking effect until the sixty-first day after such notice
is delivered to the Company but not to any percentage in excess of ; provided that any holder of the Warrants that beneficially
owns in excess of of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding on the issuance date of the Warrants shall not be subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

F-26 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_partsidinc.htm
 CONSENT OF WITHUMSMITH+BROWN, PC, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM OF PARTS ID, INC. (F/K/A LEGACY ACQUISITION CORP.)

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-252567 and 333-259522) and Form S-8 (No. 333-252999) of our report dated April 17,
2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of PARTS iD, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which
appears in this Form 10-K. 

/ s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

Princeton, New Jersey 

April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_partsidinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John Pendleton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PARTS
iD, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 John Pendleton 

John Pendleton 

Interim Chief Executive
 Officer Executive Vice President, Legal Corporate Affairs 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_partsidinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James Doss, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PARTS
iD, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ James Doss 

James Doss 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_partsidinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of PARTS iD, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, John Pendleton, Interim Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 John Pendleton 

John Pendleton 

Interim Chief Executive
 Officer Executive Vice President, Legal Corporate Affairs 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_partsidinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of PARTS iD, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, James Doss, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James Doss 

James Doss 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 id-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 id-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 id-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 id-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 id-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

